Let me emphasize that we will continue to work with them on their initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the Conference of the Parties at its seventh session had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission cases in which it considered reasonable grounds for believing that there had been consistent violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, against any State, in particular the colonial and other unindependent Territories.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include the use of the LCCS system for a detailed land cover database and various supporting data layers collected together with the dynamic map depots.
The co-sponsors of the Landsat System are FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council of Science.
A study of 77 health programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries had used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to acknowledge that Mr. King had been suffering from mental illness.
Once a suspect is prosecuted, any material that has proved his guilt (e.g. a confession made voluntarily by the accused to a senior police officer) must be scrutinized and then accepted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong activities.
A copy of this opinion will be transmitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concluded that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevra is not arbitrary in the meaning of the principles applicable to the Working Group in its consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors for that purpose under the auspices of the Security Council.
We are particularly concerned about the issue of raising awareness of the health of individuals, especially armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to raise awareness of AIDS prevention among peacekeepers, to establish a Special Adviser on AIDS, to revise the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with relevant Security Council resolutions.
During its 2003 regular session, the Commission received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America concerning the alleged violation of the rules of procedure by the Indian movement “Tupai Amaru” during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, where appropriate, to ensure the protection of the interests of the patient.
31 HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
The view was expressed that it would be inappropriate to allow a very small group of creditors to determine the process of events in the total number of creditors, in view of the prevailing intransigence of creditors.
The Staff College has also made further use of ICT.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37 staff.
IMO publication performance 45
Office of the Director
The report clearly demonstrates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other organs of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations, in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to action taken by the COP.
Statements were made by representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of the States participating in the process, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the efforts of the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observers in the intersessional workshops.
Following the receipt of the judgement of the Trial Chamber on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlodado Radić, Dragan Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed notices of appeal.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The States parties to the Inter-American Organization undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that compensation should be awarded in the amount of USD 8,439 for the work performed by the claimant in respect of the work performed by the claimant in the amount of the amount of USD 78/9062, USD 6,071 for work covered by the invoice number No. 26/90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/90/495 and the amount of USD 10,207 for the work of the claim number No.
Annex I
Mr. Steiner (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to address the shortcomings of the Tribunals, the question of establishing a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to important international treaties that weaken the Rome Statute, we still believe that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and work actively for a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session of resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, by a majority of votes, on 22 November 2002, demonstrates the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for an immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations comes from various multilateral instruments, and I would like to recall some of them here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs to rent vehicles and premises and obtain security, which became an important source of revenue for all Somali parties.
All attempts to manage Somali fisheries have led to a large number of funds falling into the private hands of faction leaders, with millions of dollars over the past 10 years, which have contributed to the saturation of the private sector and, to some extent, to private people's forces and complement them.
Paragraph 4 reads: “In the knowledge that the purpose is to help or assist the principal or the perpetrator of an act in the planning, facilitation or conduct of an action, shall be punished by a specific provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation based on the actions of the Action Team on the International Anti-Money-Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for the twenty-first century” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 0155 and 0800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off the area of the Zahiran area to the east, heading towards the area of al-Fadr al-Fitr and then heading towards the sea off Damur, violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution by referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Until 1988, the University and College of Myanmar did not grant a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the increasing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries were still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(x countries with the largest number of contributions from the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
The highest rate of unemployment, whether between men and women or between 20 and 24 years of age.
The geographical proximity of Samoa and its good communication and transportation systems make centralized services easy.
In addition, health services should focus on the concept of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important manifestation of economic participation has been women entrepreneurs, especially in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage has been constantly changing, with the exception of the age of marriage for women, 24 years in 1991, 27 years in 1993, and the same period for men between 31 and 27 years.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must comply strictly with the provisions of the resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the transfer of authority will help to establish standards that are indispensable for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
The high centrifuges may have a lower effect on the orbit.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continued to carry out the work programme detailed in previous resolutions, in particular the holding of meetings with all parties in all regions of the international community, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question and the annual training programmes for staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States transported depleted uranium ammunition to South Korea from its Okinawa base to carry out operational deployments and, on 8 June 1997, the United States published a “Medium-term report” to reassess the “Sky-Service Cooperation” approach in the Busan.
Considering that promoting respect for the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is one of the basic purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to accede to all the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments on the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
Drought assessment models at the global and regional levels have been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of current appropriate indicators.
With regard to the mapping of drought-sensitive maps in a country or region, we favour the second approach, but require careful research.
Mandate 1.4: Contribute to the compilation of the Debicki Dictionary of Online Desertification
Selected members for WEOG
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and empowerment of women, which should be recognized as critical to achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers destined for Central Asia must be inspected at the port of the transit State and then loaded on ships to ensure that there are no prohibited items, because there is fear of the resumption of the smuggling of goods.
The second could be considered as directly invoked by individuals (as was the case in the past with the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) To prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or verbal harm.
Salaries
Summary prepared by Stefan Kröl
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Hanseatisches Oberlandesgericht Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, this expression must be voluntary; it is not within the scope of the definition of the topic (and not more than its scope), but within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that, on the basis of the specific circumstances of States and regions and the different contexts, there are different democratic political systems and patterns of free and fair elections in the world,
The service states that the contract period was extended by mutual agreement, without formal renewal.
With regard to interest, the Panel cited paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
The terms of payment for the two contracts concluded with SEPL are similar, and each contract is paid in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Doa does not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or right to use property, the value of property or the existence of property in Iraq and Kuwait by 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
According to the individual's employment contract, Montgomery is obliged to pay to each employee at the end of the employment to return from Kuwait, and Mongomery states that each employee has an unannounced landing tickets.
The heroin killer is still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and the fight against drug trafficking in Afghanistan, they must be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
Studies have shown that migrants experience racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of daily life.
Two recent visiting missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003; MONUC sent by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights from 3 to 4 February 2003) investigated a number of serious violations of human rights, including gang rape, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, almost 150 cases have been referred to the Quick Response Return Facility, a joint project of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing reconstruction assistance to returning individuals.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract FDI because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, especially for girls and to provide informal education.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building processes and a range of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and improve efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families with special difficulties
Micro-credit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the subgroup begins, we will carry out the identification and verification of the identity of the combatants.
• It is imperative to make better use of the comparative advantage of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner towards common objectives, such as the formation of integrated commissions by the General Assembly, the Security Council and members of the Economic and Social Council.
The South African Government agreed to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Bank of the Institute of Agriculture of Dominica works for women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as proclaimed by Law 55-97.
(a) Strengthening intelligence exchange, in particular with regard to the activities of terrorists, terrorist organizations and sources of funds and other information needed;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, the Committee is concerned that not all heads of department, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, and that implementation in all regions is not consistent and there is no mechanism to monitor and evaluate implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, with particular emphasis on children with less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account and fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention in legislation and practice in the area of child custody.
(b) Provide special assistance to children in single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Act (1998), which introduces and promotes the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the responses submitted (59 out of 104 replies) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often stated that it will be helpful in this process, but that, as is the case with other statements made in these halls, these promises prove nothing more than rhetoric.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation of the noble task of preserving peace must be a broad and complex concept of security.
These factors are combined, often increasing the demand for indoor heating and transport, which is one of the reasons for the higher energy use and GHG emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in GHG emissions by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as required by the guidelines.
In-depth reviews of national communications from Annex I Parties (by 31 March 2003) showed that progress had been made in improving the estimation of the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and its incorporation into the scope of predictions.
Norway indicated that in the long term, precipitation may increase or decrease by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
The quality of the data is generally recognized by Parties.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are given in section VI.
Despite the increasing number of technical assistance provided, requests for direct United Nations observation of elections have been reduced.
Particular attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the selection of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and to the countries of the region the importance of progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict is very appropriate as the subject of the briefing.
It is true that, after all, he is committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is an urgent issue that deserves in-depth discussion.
Mr. Poward (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Allow me at the outset to express my pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union expresses its deep appreciation and full endorsement of the commitment demonstrated by the Security Council to the protection of civilians agenda and the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, while these problems are ultimately to be addressed by Afghan State institutions, there is a need for the deployment of international security forces with a reasonable size and capable of displaying strong forces to create the necessary security environment and trust to enable the Bonn process to end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I shall now like to draw your attention to the recent activities of the Monitoring Group and to the current work, so that members of the Council are aware of the current situation in all countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the delegation of Chile for their outstanding efforts by the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat to progressively improve this key United Nations instrument in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues, to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a package of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the issue of banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was part of the efforts of the Netherlands to achieve an FMCT.
Languages used by the Joint Advisory Group on International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is not in conformity with international law and German law, and we regret that we cannot accept it.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to advance the peace process in the interest of the country, and we actively evaluate the recent decision of the SADC summit on the question of profit, and we call upon the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme is certified by ISO 9002 and three other outputs are seeking such certification;
(a) Personal data to be released by law, regulation or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, (55 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices had participated only as recipients in international cooperation projects, 11 per cent indicated that they were involved only as donors and 29 per cent of respondents indicated that they were involved in international cooperation projects as donors and recipients.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universalization efforts as non-nuclear-weapon States to accede to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation status of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
Many countries of the African Group are facing transport problems, as evidenced by freight expenditures from African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided
Ms. Molaroni (Wartenino): San Marino, together with us in the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: There are representatives who wish to speak in explanation of vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I now call on them.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
A total of 29 cases of attempted illegal cross-border incidents were intercepted by KFOR and 28 were detained and subsequently handed over to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
Freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, in particular in the Middle East, remains restricted.
However, contemporary international claim practice has proved that certain organizations have been recognized as having legal status on behalf of all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has severely affected the implementation of its strategy, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner for Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR will have only one half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary organs.
In favour and negative votes equal to 126
If the Committee or the pre-session working group considers that the information contained in the State party's report is insufficient, the State concerned may request additional information as required and indicate the time period for submission.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designated special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for determining the admissibility of the complaint
Filling casual vacancies 201
The military leaders did not segregate these combatants into the forces that had just arrived.
The three individuals were later killed by the gun of Major José Chiema, who was seriously wounded.
It was determined that, in order to provide high-quality services in a timely manner, those functions should continue to be performed by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be organized in other areas of affairs in the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry of the initiating transaction, and thereafter the transaction records relating to the transaction are maintained.
However, it is not feasible to calculate the fee at full cost, as these translation services can be obtained at much lower cost in local markets.
2.12 The Pensions (Amendment) Act 2002
A package on “equality” was published in 1994 as a reference tool for primary school teachers.
10.45 In 2001, funding was allocated for the Special Initiative of the Adult Programme for Poverty (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
As a result, the current right to adopt holidays for 18 weeks and an optional 8 weeks (unpaid) adoption leave.
The table below lists the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of childcare facilities financed by the appropriation.
It also provides funding for a voluntary organization aimed at reducing the violence of male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men, requiring them to recognize their acts of violence and to assume responsibility for their cessation.
(b) Maternity leave with paid maternity leave or with equal social benefits shall not be lost from work, seniority or social allowances;
Article 8
Whenever this list is updated, the updated list will be transmitted to the central authority responsible for border control.
However, the prospects for 2003 remain influenced by the uncertainties that exist in the current global economy.
While raising the level of education and health of the people is an excellent goal in themselves, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the unfinished objectives of the environmental action plan set out at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess the progress of some of the environmental objectives set out in the plan.
ESCAP will hold a regional working group on space science and technology applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under option B, if the “data message” contains “electronic signature, which is appropriate and equally reliable”, it meets the signature requirement.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data through secondary sources such as the National Health Survey.
The Committee notes from other information available to it that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and underexpenditures, including an overexpenditure of $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, an overexpenditure of $629,200 for alterations, repairs and construction, an overexpenditure of $528,600 for the acquisition of generators, an overexpenditure of $31,800 for health and cleaning supplies, an overexpenditure in the public service and an overexpenditure of $123,000 for other projects.
An assessment of the role of microcredit as a substitute for the financing of higher credit was undertaken.
Before the end of the biennium 2004-2005, it is expected that the Chamber will complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal proceedings, 8 appeals against the final decision of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from these exercises.
In addition to those conflicts of great concern, despite the good intentions and adoption of various resolutions from the various forums that began at the Millennium Summit, there remain two major issues that the international community has yet to deal with.
Mr. Towan (Togo) (spoke in French): We have met again this year to evaluate our actions and to determine the steps that can inject new lives into our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan personally for his concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
The introduction of exception reports in accordance with certain predetermined criteria will certainly allow for more effective monitoring of compliance with human resources policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to consolidating and strengthening emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including early warning activities in the humanitarian field, in order to, inter alia, take effective action to identify all violations of human rights resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as set out in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there was no significant change in the Organization's situation with regard to other international non-governmental organizations with funding or special consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has assumed administrative responsibility for the “vulnerable groups' development programmes”.
Various studies have been carried out to evaluate news reports and mass media programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender issues are taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education is once again crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as an incentive to hire persons with disabilities and commended by the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been eliminated.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also seeks closer integration into the European Union and hopes to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts made to reach that consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To this end, the State party should take appropriate measures to make public awareness of remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorians and other members of ethnic minorities continue to suffer discrimination in fact.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land ownership of indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous peoples seeking compensation for environmental damage suffered by traditional land.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “expressed tenants” and recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report information on the review of cases of racial discrimination by those bodies.
The Committee encourages the State party to review law in order to define the scope of this concept more clearly.
Despite repeated requests by the Committee, Papua New Guinea has not complied with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, either by submitting periodic reports or by submitting additional information requested by the Committee on the situation in Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the ethnic composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of the composition of the population in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draws the attention of the State party to the Committee's general recommendation No. 8 on the self-identification of members of specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of submission and that the Committee's observations on these reports should be similarly publicized.
Addendum Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would make a statement.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make available on their national inventory reports and the CRF national inventory submissions on their national website and to inform the secretariat of the exact web site of the publication on the web site;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, especially the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Vision Plan, is a key area of activity for building a knowledge-based society.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and condemns the communications received by the Permanent Representative of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) Maintaining the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to any space launch vehicle project in any other State to prevent the development of delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction, taking into account that such programmes can be used to cover ballistic missile programmes;
That approach is likely to be an attempt to divide a truly united international community that is committed to the implementation of the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and his staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and maintenance of other office equipment; supplies and materials; and acquisition of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As an amendment dated 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly will increase the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) resigned until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considers this issue every two years in odd-numbered years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its competence, as well as its relationship with its subsidiary organs, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategy and have been consolidating their functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association, a voluntary non-governmental organization, was established in 1962 as a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Movement.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of your Government to identify and investigate Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban-related financial networks within your jurisdiction, or those supporting them or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities associated with them.
The session was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and African regional actors and organizations must also be provided with ongoing financial assistance in order to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in various regions and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of responding States indicated that national policies provide equal access to services for all, regardless of gender, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social obstacles that increase their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent and by 50 per cent in 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women receive prenatal care and services that reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
For countries to sustain effective responses in the long term, strategies must be developed to build and sustain institutional capacities.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that there are the following new features in terms of how to use evaluations of lessons learned at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held on the occasion of the annual meeting of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognizing the increased responsibility of WMO, the Executive Board of WMO at its fifty-fourth executive session agreed to prioritize the WMO space programme.
New strategies are required to promote the availability and accessibility of data so that observing systems and programmes are beneficial to apply meteorology and researchers to address global environmental problems.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, significant progress has been made in the implementation of the United Nations mandate in Timor-Leste.
These agencies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department for Disarmament Affairs), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) at any other time of its participation in any activity to be held in the course of the performance of the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occurred during the performance of such activity.
The second alternative was selected and the last sentence was located in square brackets.
One concern raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, was that subparagraph (iv) (now subparagraph (d)) should be deleted to preserve the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier, rather than to make any changes to the terms of the contract of carriage, since the latter required a joint agreement between the parties to the contract.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group was to test and analyse the procedures used by other States that had experienced such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects that improve corporate social responsibility in the developing world that could lead to a significant increase in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing clear and realistic approaches for SMEs in the developing world to fulfil corporate social responsibility, providing training and tools for SMEs and promoting business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not yet been issued, a note of the estimated date for submission and issuance.
In order to create employment opportunities and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implements international programmes to help countries develop action plans for women's employment within the framework of anti-poverty strategies.
Transportation to the airport 69-70 8
He regretted that the meeting had not agreed on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once reached, would bring about $50 billion in income to poor or affluent countries and would help to recover the world's 144 million people from poverty.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation and maximize the use of international cooperation to increase investment for the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the elimination of racial and ethnic discrimination is being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the Department's priorities was the implementation of the Revised Forest Act (Act No. 97/07 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of strategic action plans, including by strengthening cooperation with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols, the establishment of national forestry sector observation stations to improve the management of natural heritage and the conservation of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level, to give due consideration to the Declaration and to the reports of the Special Representative, within their mandates and within their mandates and in cooperation with States, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the reports of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level;
At the same time, she also welcomed the joint ministerial statement issued following the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she stressed the recommendations made by the Ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
Complaints
She joined the speaker in expressing concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to speed up the pace and fully implement the remaining recommendations.
There is also a need for further clarification on the recommendation that some final performance reports (para.
Her delegation wished to see the technical analysis of the recommendations made by the Inspectors and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse them.
(b) Integrating user groups into the development and implementation management plan strategies under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairmen and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their share of gross national product for official development assistance, to alleviate the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries, to enable developing countries to integrate into international economic and social development, to benefit from globalization and to narrow the gap with developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Euro-Asian Economic Community and the United Nations, relations between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis and the granting of observer status to the Community in the United Nations General Assembly could contribute to this goal by strengthening cooperation between the parties and enhancing the capacity of both parties to guarantee world peace and security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The relevant authorities in Libya are also studying the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarification at informal meetings.
The Committee noted that, although the report contained extensive information on legal provisions that had entered into force since the submission of the previous report, it lacked information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Both the report and the responses are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to investigate fully the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish those responsible, to provide redress to the complainant, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days from the date of the present decision, of the steps it has taken to address the above observations.
His right footwear was seriously wounded by the fact that he had been tortured in his right footwear in his knock.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International dated 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that, at the beginning of the report, the organization clearly indicated that the report did not make a judgement as to whether the complainant would be at risk from the activities that preceded his departure, because the organization could not carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the State party's obligation under article 3 of the Covenant to expel or return the complainant to another State if there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party maintains that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons cannot prove systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes that the Contact Group intends to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to present its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of various aspects of the insolvency law in this context.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks in the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met with the President of the United States, George W. Bush, in person to express this position and emphasize the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first-registered secured creditor would have been able to protect itself by verifying whether it would have possession of the encumbered assets when the secured creditor obtained its security right.
An alternative or complementary approach would be to require the identification of secured creditors who have an act of transfer with the person to include the assignee in the list of persons that have been registered to avoid situations in which third-party creditors are involved.
By restricting the level of detail of the information concerning the relationship between the parties concerned in the public record, the registration system based on notification has strengthened the confidentiality of relations with the secured creditor.
However, by transferring legal controls over third parties' obligations to the secured creditor, a function equivalent to a waiver may be made.
The consultants conducted the drafting of the guidelines with the support and guidance of the experts.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, recognized the urgent need to eliminate deprivation of and violations of human rights;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, women in detention or detention, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly vulnerable to violence, and other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should work towards the establishment of a global security environment for cooperation, mutual trust and security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the drivers of acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons by some States.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than indicators of achievement.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
A thorough review of the information provided by Iraq was not only undertaken during the reporting period.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between States through negotiations was a recognized principle of the international community and reflected in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage constructively in a peaceful and just solution to the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
I should be grateful if you would have this reply circulated as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of the item under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of the proposal to replace 132 computers.
The Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol at its first session: elements that may be included in the provisional agenda 14
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that LDCs seeking to diversify their exports into products and/or services had succeeded in reducing their level of poverty, indicating the link between the level of poverty in one country and its ability to diversify production structures, and stressed the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The session was opened under the chairmanship of the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress in the past year, the Special Rapporteur has outlined the continuing concern, while addressing the remaining tasks.
More than 3 million people worldwide died of HIV/AIDS in 2003, and an estimated 5 million people are infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), bringing the world to 40 million.
While the initial HIV/AIDS epidemic is considered to be a health issue, today it is increasingly recognized as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to awareness that many factors associated with women's subordinate status increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
International law is not systematic: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable judicial system.
The events of January 2003 placed a huge burden on the emerging defence and police forces of Timor-Leste, causing procedural violations of the law and constituting violations of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should have been more appropriately reflected in its analysis of the core strategy for achieving the Millennium Development Goals, adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, and in the various aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by countries and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 shows a decrease in the budget resulting from the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post objects of expenditure (including the recommendations of the Committee on posts and the impact of its recommendations on computer replacement cycles on furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the arrangements for current support to the Security Council be reviewed within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline those arrangements and, where appropriate, to integrate support capacities to improve the efficiency of activities and to make staff and other support services fully operational (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the amount of information technology resources currently proposed for rehabilitation for 2002-2003 amounted to $480,600 (un recosting), compared to $113,800 for the expansion of resources (see paras. 108-113, above).
In considering the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and discussing conference and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of approximately $2 million (un recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights sector that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country's national AIDS programmes and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, with regard to acts of terrorism committed outside Costa Rica, or if such acts are not actually carried out, articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code provide for the punishment of those States or international organizations that have created terrorist acts.
In this regard, the bill is intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code relating to illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, its legal status was established in accordance with Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, and article 1 provides that “the proper legal status of the Foundation ... is recognized, such as the non-profit entities of the public service, with the deployment of fixed assets for the implementation or assistance of education, charitable, literary, scientific activities and all activities for the promotion of social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to provide greater support to single parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be in the camp area and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 members:
Review process
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme of work of the Special Committee for 2004-2005, in accordance with the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made significant progress in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in migration to coca bush cultivation, while, in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug processing points tended to move from rural to suburban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on the new characteristics and substances used in the use of drugs” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10) and sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomonone Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• To allow access to all documents considered relevant to activities in relation to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, communication between governmental organizations and implementing organizations, minutes of meetings and computer archives) and to take measures on those documents for proper forensic analysis on the ground or elsewhere (e.g. removal, reproduction).
C. Attendance
v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session) 228
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Zambia ruled that he was detained for no reason.
3.2 The author also maintains that article 14, paragraph 3 of the Covenant was violated, as criminal proceedings lasted for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the Committee's request that the author's son be executed on the date of execution and that the State party be informed of the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claims on behalf of his or her own, her daughter for a year and his daughter, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent stating that, in the absence of a mandate, the parties must present compelling reasons for sending the communication on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister an appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the Court of Appeal's decision in the “the most difficult case”, although “contracted” case, was candid in evidence and was properly weighed against conflicting factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that the danger of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences of the imminent return of a person are that rights may be violated.
v. Democratic Republic of the Congo* (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)
For this reason, you are not entitled to claim pensions under this Act.”
The military officer in this area in the period 1990-1991 was Amarasinghe, who died shortly after a terrorist attack.
The State party thus provides the means and facilities for wrongful acts.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of legislation on discrimination of age as a response to the findings of the Human Ping Committee on the author's case.
The Convention authorizes the “acceptance and consideration of” communications to be considered by the Committee and not [the Committee].
The facts as presented by the author
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party had not refuted these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail Kabal, but on 2 August 2001, the bail order was placed on appeal.
The detention centre in Melbourne was established in 1989 for all remand prisoners, but the opening of a six-week pre-trial person was complete, and new remand prisoners must be held at the reception centre in Coburg.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education laws (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (Presidential Decree on Curriculum Education) prohibit the free publication of textbooks in the State of secondary schools.
3.8 The author adds that Norway's law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself in violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi people have been guaranteed by the regime if they have not previously been determined to have sufficient grazing rights in the reindeer grazing areas.
On 4 February 2000, the committees concluded an agreement to recommend to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was therefore impossible to see whether the Supreme Court's conclusion in the Aursunden case of 1897 that there was no prejudice against the Sámi.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M, and on 7 February 1997 he was detained awaiting trial.
2.3 The author states that the confirmation receipts of the Post Service indicate that the date of the application to the Court by the doorman was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day that could be applied.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had been guilty of an offence against him and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, suspended bail and ordered him to pay a sum of 2,000 francs to the complainant.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on this request, but according to the State party, this request has a reasonable expectation of success, since, in domestic law, fault has always been linked to illegal administrative decisions, for which the Government has legal responsibility (the Administrative Court, 26 January 1973, Dancet Rec., p. 77).
In this regard, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that “the author is no longer interested and able to give greater consideration to the current position, such as his victim's position in his life, because of the acceptance of the Cloazil drug treatment” and that “the author's insistence on the use of Clorazil would have little possibility of recidivism and endangerment of society”; “Clorazil treatment is very successful”.
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No.
Sofia and Bulgaria's Power Company case, International Permanent Court of Justice, Collection of Judgments, A/B No. 799.
The substantive cooperation required would first require that Iraq fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the items and activities in question for destruction, or to present evidence to facilitate a conclusion that there are no prohibited items or activities.
We in Iraq would like to say nothing about prohibited items, and if there is evidence contrary, they should be seen as innocent in the absence of evidence.
A notable example is Iraq's declaration concerning HMX of heavy explosives: some of the HMX seized by the IAEA in Iraq at the end of 1998 have been made available to the Cement Plant as industrial mining explosives.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [in the capacity of observers] [the activities of the ad hoc expert group] [and continue to participate in activities during the final [three]/ [two] days of meetings].
Currently, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be areas with high to medium risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is necessary for the development of the whole category of individuals.
If States do not guarantee their right to exist, these communities will not realize the right to cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution”.
There are also enterprises that, in the event of popular protest and political resistance, or in view of the prohibitive cost of engaging in sustainable development, which is at the heart of human rights, preferring to stop, eliminate or invest.
Therefore, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are fully available for freezing funds related to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations without delay.
In accordance with rule 24 of the rules of procedure, credentials had been received from 40 States at the time of the meeting of the Credentials Committee in the form of representatives to the Conference of the States Parties at its second session, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Liechtenstein, the Marshall Islands, New Zealand, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uruguay.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3 of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act (Voluntary Associations and Funds) provides that aliens and stateless persons may participate in the activities of non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone has the right to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and their benefits;
Under the Fund, projects must be managed by women, where they must be innovative and not competitive with other similar enterprises in the same area.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavian-Caribbean Training Platform for Cultural Management (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management Centres (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic business processes (OECD 2003) that may be of interest to countries have been identified, and some definitions have been elaborated:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technical surveys and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The European Union attached particular importance to the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now proceed to take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, entitled “Questions relating to disarmament and international security”, cluster 9.
Step 3: FMCT negotiation
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
There is no legislative provision that criminalizes racist acts as offences against racist motivation, nor does it provide that the courts take into account the legislative provisions of racist motivation when making judgements in these crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the introduction of strategies aimed at strengthening the rights of Roma children to health services and education (e.g. through health and education intermediaries and through counselling in the Roma language).
A special review of gender equality recommended the development of a policy on mainstreaming gender equality in the country, and the introduction of such policies in selected projects.
Most of them are subject to primary treatment or to hospital emergency wards.
Labour laws recognize trade unions of individual enterprises, multi-enterprise unions, independent professional unions and temporary workers' unions.
If a woman is sick after childbirth due to childbirth, her post-natal leave shall be extended, the specific time extended shall be determined by the department providing it with preventive or curative medical care.
Following the launch of the 800 telephone network programme, which has carried out a number of tasks and actions, and has been continuously assessed and expanded.
In 2000, dengue was also included in the list of compulsory notification of disease.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and rewards, the number of registered students in the subsidized sector increased by 278,611 between 1994 and 1998, indicating an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools have also benefited from being the focus of the National Assistance Programme.
Table 3 Participation rate of persons aged 65 or over of the labour force (Percentage) 29
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of ancillary meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the low rate of enrolment, achievement and completion rates for students throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Integration of the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on the United Nations and the follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way to hold annual meetings of States parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building support by developing and least developed countries in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the development policies and objectives of enhanced multilateral cooperation and the development of human development and institutional development, and therefore pledged to cooperate with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Early warning and risk education should be given to affected communities.
Most border checkpoints can use such information through satellite connectivity.
The signing of this document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations means agreeing to the provisions of the plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in primary schools in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92, and the sex of secondary school enrolment increased from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a given age, but the evidence discussed in the present report covers only adults.
In developing countries, differences in health-related knowledge and behaviour are fundamental causes of disparities in the level of education in infant mortality.
e Data refer to students (studies), excluding pupils (pre-graduate students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents for the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as for the organization of the work of the special sessions of the General Assembly in the areas of disarmament, decolonization, economic and social affairs and related fields, under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and annotations, the list of supplementary items, the Secretary-General's memorandum on the organization of work of work of the General Committee, the General Committee's report to the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report to the General Assembly, the report to the General Assembly, the status of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report to the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Committee, the General Assembly, the report on the report on the status of documentation for the report on the status of the report on the report on the status of documentation for the status of documentation for the status of the report on documentation for the status of documentation for the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report on documentation for processing and the status of documentation for the report on documentation for the status of documentation for the report on documentation
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the availability and editorial functions of reference information in order to minimize delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which state the illegal nature of these acts and calls upon Israel to withdraw them, but the Israeli authorities ignored them.
My delegation also expresses its appreciation to the United Nations for its commendable efforts to mitigate the effects of natural disasters on human society through coordinated efforts by the international community and to pay special attention to the needs of developing countries in that process.
The special session on children provided us with an opportunity not only to review the progress made since 1990, but also to provide us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and newborn mortality and malnutrition among children.
In the case of 500 million children still living in extreme poverty; 100 million children are out of school and more are under-educated; some 150 million children in developing countries suffer from malnutrition and 11 million children under five years of age die each year from preventable diseases?
The plan of action is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts at the Professional level in 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report of its delegation to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Panel of Experts
Response:
I have received the corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, the Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, and in this regard stresses the need to broaden the international decision-making base on development issues, to fill gaps in organizational institutions, to strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and underlines the importance of greater and stronger participation by developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including by taking positive measures to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned about acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination and inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendation
In addition, linkages are becoming closer, and more existing freight trans-shipment companies seek to establish alliances with shipping or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: implications for trade facilitation
Article 14 Part III of the Penal Code provides that criminal legislation in the Republic of Tajikistan is valid, regardless of the law of the place of the crime, provided that acts against the public are committed on board an aircraft or vessel flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or which clearly marks legal navigation.
Have Tajikistan been an extraditable offence under the relevant bilateral treaties to which it is a party?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York liaison office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F.
The investments required may include specific and specific assets, causing incidental costs and increasing transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia obliges all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies to work together to combat kidnapping.
Members called upon both parties to cooperate fully with the verification of MONUC and the third-party verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll
As a result of the overlapping of the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, it has become more difficult to coordinate the segregation of financial responsibility between the two departments.
Considering that the family has access to radio facilities does not mean that it can be used for women in the family, it is also important that sex-disaggregated data on the use of the radio.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are one of the objectives sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because of these, and I can say that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey only in a democratic manner and through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that even if the latest measures taken at the end of the 1990s have been adopted, they may not meet Kyoto targets.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and affirms the important benefits of encouraging and developing international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture;
General debate
Some delegations were of the view that responsibility and circumstances, which were often called “non-State actors”, should be reviewed.
However, some delegations were of the view that special treatment should be allowed to those who agreed to provide information that would help to determine the truth.
In contrast, 16 countries pledged indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come quickly with the specific efforts of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, with full cooperation, especially through the full political will and the indication of national priorities demonstrated by the capital of the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the report of the Monitoring Group contained alarming facts that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As soon as the discussion of the item is concluded, the next item will be discussed immediately if time is allowed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be held in public, except as the President determines that a private meeting is necessary for a special situation.
It is clear that there can be no real and lasting peace in the Middle East without resolving Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on the positive development of the overall security situation and the engagement of the international community.
Mr. Vassilakis (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which has given us the opportunity to hear such an excellent briefing by Ambassador Brow and Mr. Guéhenno of the village of West.
(d) Making use of the best medical findings to improve treatment programmes for careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums from field staff, relevant contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the changing workload of missions, and that the Department agreed with the Board's recommendation.
d In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of $18,068,667 assessed contributions to Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was reduced by an unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
In order to mark the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focused on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their determined work in close coordination in this regard and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 was to consolidate a fragile foundation for peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear-weapon States is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for crops, plantations and livestock-raising have reduced the relative profits of the forests, resulting in increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 in recognition of the seriousness of the conflict at the time of the Special Rapporteur's visit to the area, as a result of complaints of different nationalities in the various fronts.
The second meeting of experts discussed the legal definition of mercenaries and also expressed the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals for Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If a further assumption is that 30 per cent of the investment teams have cooperated in reinsurance, requiring the commercial lenders to absorb a total of 50 per cent of the risk, while about 25 per cent of the project costs are covered by the initial payments of the project sponsors or beneficiaries, the value of the investments supported by the US$ 2 billion could be up to US$ 27 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) of the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Import into Africa of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991;
At the Ministerial International Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), held in Almaty, Kazakhstan, the secretariat contributed to the preparation of the report of UNCTAD on “The challenges and opportunities for further improving the transport system and economic development of landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8), and provided an additional detailed account of trade and trade negotiations.
Two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops in response to the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
These items are or have a high value, or are of an extraordinary nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chains of inhumane poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, regardless of size, adhere to the Charter of the United Nations.
If, as a debtor, will we always be self-poor?
It is our firm belief that these modest reforms will make the interests of all stakeholders more interested in the deliberations of the General Assembly, and will also promote the full debate on all crucial issues, so that decisions can be implemented more easily.
2003/3 Programme and budgets 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in supporting the activities of recipient countries, in particular in support of the activities of developing countries and, in particular, the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; and also asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing countries.
Iraq now has a Management Committee, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both indicate the path to peace and the day on which all people have gained freedom, that is, the time of peace.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system in Korea is a hybrid presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, different from a purely presidential system.
In general, there are two situations in which violations and compensation have been made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
MONUC's Ituri brigade consists of 4,800 military personnel authorized, including four battalions and support units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions since then to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain a number of persons suspected of concealing them.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identified, inter alia, a number of matters that the Forum needed to act.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with the words “best practices in the implementation of the results of the annual programme impact review of the Department”.
In the objective, replace the words “in accordance with the Millennium Declaration” with the words “the priorities of the medium-term plan”, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration).”
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in conjunction with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in coordination with all Member States and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education;
Discrimination against persons who have completed the sentence
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolutions 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems vendor entities, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations should work closely to ensure the provision of safe, seamless global satellite navigation, location and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility to identify ways of strengthening the participatory process of national forest programmes and building partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other relevant members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the ongoing peace process and achieve a lasting and lasting peace.
He took note of the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial measures taken by the Southern Sudan, under rebel rule, to enhance the role of civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Alexander De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-5973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
Dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society must take place in this process.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
Also at the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus1 introduced a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements has changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued the debate on the issue of the annual declaration of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles and the pre-notification of standardization and quality improvements.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands would not change unless the people of the island wished to change.
Encourages relevant authorities to introduce courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and promotion of a culture of peace;
The cases of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia are a fitting example of the importance of justice in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
In the final analysis, the Assembly will need to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorist matters, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As for the Tribunal, it will be represented at United Nations Headquarters, upon request, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To promote dialogue with the major groups covered by Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, as well as their participation in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of policy makers has been supported to take into account the social aspects of management of water, energy and the environment in their policies and programmes.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of interested Member States, in providing timely relief to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association of Voluntary Work also has a voluntary liaison representative who attends all press conferences convened by the United Nations for non-governmental organizations, and submits periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association of Volunteerism and communications on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which would be strictly followed and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that serious violations of human rights were being committed in the name of the fight against terrorism, which was becoming a pretext for torture and suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the attempts of armed elements to cross the ceasefire line and the possible serious consequences of the attacks observed by ECOWAS forces and French forces on 29 and 30 November.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent relative: 27.2 per cent: 2.0 per cent versus: 57.8 per cent for the same or for persons working: 5.7 per cent for themselves (for short information): 25.0 per cent: 1.7 per cent for other:
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
While older persons are not inherently vulnerable as a group, the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the physical, social and economic environment beyond their control, thereby exacerbating their risk.
While the different groups specifically expressed their diversity of approaches of common concern, they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprives them of their voice and rights.
There are few families who have lost their lives because of their medical costs and loss of income for members of infected families.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappeared by death, disappearances or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations fully from the point of view of international law.
The Commission did not correctly equate international organizations with those of intergovernmental organizations and, even if the scope of the draft articles might be overly restrictive, wished to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
States have the primary responsibility to protect refugees and other persons responsible for UNHCR; UNHCR's international protection mandate is at the core of the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for them and requires a more coordinated exercise of the international protection mandate when States are temporarily unwilling or unable to exercise their international protection; UNHCR must ensure that the identity of the beneficiaries is registered as a very useful way of providing protection and assistance to the beneficiaries and addressing their problems; and to pay greater attention to systematic and achieving durable solutions, including through enhanced partnerships.
In view of the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassessed UNHCR's position in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue dialogue with the Movement for Democratic and Justice of Chad and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision must be taken to design superpriority for the financing of the purchase price, whether that priority should be given only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the purchase of goods.
Identifying the benefits of such priority claims could promote social objectives.
For creditors, it is equally important that clear and result be predictable of priority rules and effective identification and determination mechanisms that give priority to the provision of credit.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatories are the Chairman of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, a large number of human and sophisticated inspection equipment is needed to check all goods entering or exported from Somalia to neighbouring countries, while most countries in the region do not have such material.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeysa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that support to the Office of the Special Representative should be provided through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the result of the vote and said that delegations had come together to change their thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as: “the `discriminatory' performance means giving different persons different treatment, which is entirely or largely dependent on their respective race, place of origin, political opinions, colour, creed or sex, of which one category is subject to all kinds of restrictions or limitations, while the other group of persons are not subject to any restrictions or limitations, to the privileges or preferences that the former cannot enjoy.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to receive these services without discrimination and equality.
Resettlement services are provided by the company headquarters and by the District Media Centre, including the Public Information Centre of the island of Gozo.
The Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “young people” and “young people” because of the different rules applicable to each category.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children were living in institutions of care, of which 173 were boys and 150 were girls.
The list of cases is classified according to the location of the estate, with a total of 68 such areas.
Scenarios can be provided only in exceptional cases.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are tracked at prenatal clinics in gynaecological hospitals.
The use of land is a major challenge for Malta, given the size of the islands of Malta (316 square kilometres).
A plan for a mentor and part of support was also provided for the services of a special student.
Malta is in favour of treating the concept of culture as an expression of a broad range of personal, social and economic values.
The document considers these creative activities as essential activities to ensure sustainable national development, because it has the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Housing Authority issued rental and sale notices
Despite the major efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other problems continue to seriously hamper the sustainable development of African societies.
I am particularly interested in issues such as finance, debt, market access and transfer of technology and experience.
In the development of the country, the importance of trade would not be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of auditors of recognized associations.
It is important to reaffirm that all persons with disabilities have the right to be protected against discrimination, to enjoy fully and equally human rights, and that “any violation of the fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and is a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the non-paper by the two States of Fallujah, in favour of the mandate of a comprehensive convention that strictly prohibited human cloning for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, and sought to regulate other forms of cloning in the following manner, i.e. the choice of States parties in the future or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning or the regulation of them through national legislation.
C. Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and without objection, I shall invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council at the appropriate time.
However, we must not overlook the humanitarian dimensions of Iraq's problems.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decisions.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to come forward in predicting potential crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism and aggressive separatism are often mistaken and constitutes a threat to the foundations of the international regime.
This month marks two and a half years of crisis in Israel and in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — insecurity, political impasse and economic devastation.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the continued efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who fought for the cause of justice, such as the ban on United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for the independence of the State, were persecuted.
He will clarify and further elaborate such a methodology and incorporate human rights needs as necessary.
These extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The level of employment and unemployment has deteriorated in almost all countries of the region, despite the fact that, to date, Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela have experienced serious economic crises.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions when discussing scientific facts.
Specialized organizational and external resources are the main source of funding for most assessments.
The process of making the results a relevant scientific policy is equally important to the process of collecting data (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/Marine Assessment/reports/Iceland-proposal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in the multilateral discussions of the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Case study by Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to present this issue annually to troop contributors.
In response to this question, see responses to sub-paragraph 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements, where refugees were stopped, denied access or forced repatriation and denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Also under the guidance of this concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, which were a central issue of the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, an assault fired at the United Nations aircraft in Baldere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicated that the Government and NGOs of Brazil had participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Brazilian Government or the National Assembly.
Students are most favoured in religious classes, and science and mathematics are less popular.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends compensation for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges of the Barents Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its effects on the marine environment, resulting changes affecting the rate of production, growth and mortality of fish stocks, (ii) POPs and heavy metals assembled in the Arctic environment, although their sources are different, can persist for several decades, and (iii) oil development must be coordinated with the conservation of fishfields and the protection of the clean environment; and (iv) the potential increase in the number of the number of maritime transport activities expected to be expected from the western part of the Western islands of the period of the period of the western part of the period of the period of the western part of the western part of the period of the period of the oceanic acidspring of the oceanicons of the ocean in the sea surface of the ocean in 1986, which are expected to the sea surface of the oceanictidal environment in the ocean in the ocean in the ocean in 1986, which are expected to be from the ocean in 1986, which are expected to be located in the sea in the sea in the sea in the sea in the sea in the sea in the sea in the ocean in the ocean in the ocean in question of the western part of the
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing in areas beyond national jurisdiction, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping, and the effects of climate change posed a real and continuing threat to the Arctic marine ecosystem.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to spread the voice of the United Nations to every corner of the world;
The programme agreed with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring, that entrepreneurs needed support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanneurs, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitu (Romania) (translated from Spanish): Mr. President, since this is the first time that we take the floor during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the modalities of verification, an integrated approach and a focused approach have been proposed and discussed extensively.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian houses have been demolished in the West Bank region (including East Jerusalem), resulting in the loss of their homes by the failure to obtain a prior building permit.
The portfolio currently comprises approximately 100 loans with insurance value exceeding $5 million; and an additional $3 million for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The occupied Palestinian territories will be able to utilize and build upon the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I write to bring to your attention the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
In the same period, more than 10,000 students received scholarships in Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of the population aged 15 and above and 2 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men have completed their primary secondary education, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men have completed high secondary education.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 and the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18 and district hospitals increased from 96 to 131 and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also work with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative approaches to provide counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
The same courses are available for men and women, and children play football, trickets, groves and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous youth and youth have taken note of our experiences in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the first meeting of States parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey declared its intention to accede to the Convention for the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also contributed to the definition and clarification of different aspects of the issue.
But everyone knows how much they can cause if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We are convinced that we have seen only the beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the Secretary-General's efforts to modernize the human rights treaty system, especially with regard to reporting requirements, which have placed an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political-military issues”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the types of principal legal systems.
In the first phase, the Committee focused on ensuring that States enact legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they have taken steps to become parties to 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they have established effective mechanisms to combat terrorist financing.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative includes the steering group of target countries, donors and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In achieving sustainable development and eradicating poverty, the protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in countries are increasingly important, first and foremost as factors in promoting and implementing these goals, and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability.
To make progress, we need a frank dialogue and concrete recommendations.
Mr. Tavara (Fiji): On behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum that are members of the United Nations: Australia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my country, Fiji.
Individual committees can also play an important role in bottom-up and bottom-up discussions.
It was said that, during the first session of the Conference, a proposal submitted to the Congress Fund-raising Sub-Committee and the Financial Committee of the Senate would amend article 956 of the Domestic Revenue Act and, importantly, the Federal Government's decision to eliminate most tax exemptions, article 936.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered the recommendations contained therein acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles to access to data from the global data centre for the atmospheric and hydrological networks, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address these issues, for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and in signing an agreement with the State in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the development of oil resources in the West Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution states that the status of international treaties is higher than that of Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll., on Free Access to Information, sets out conditions relating to the right to free access to information and sets out basic requirements for providing information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO reported that the reconstruction project had increased the rice harvest by 12 per cent in 2003, partially offset by a sharp decline in maize as a result of the drought in the past year.
Integrated management of childhood diseases, implemented by the Health Department of Timor-Leste's health strategy for children between one and five years of age.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste have intensified cooperation in various areas of education and science.
Legislation based on the policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the national police and public administration to fully respect the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was resumed by using the language used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly Variant 1, para. (4)(b)), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74 and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the absence of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China to this meeting was an important signal, and he therefore urged all Member States that had opposed the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
As a result of increased experience in the use of the procurement cards and the use of the PaymentNet software, this limit has increased to $2,500 for all cardholders' transactions.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
China believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-pollution energy is a key factor in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Long-range cooperation and communication between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
WTO World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is reserved for the administrative management of ODS.
Changes to the programme budget statement for the biennium 2004-20051 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3 and further changes to the note
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
International organizations concerned with the programme often consider statistics to be primarily a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts on a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively engaged in the search for consensus in the Conference on Disarmament for the negotiation of a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, based on the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
The position of Jordan towards the above objectives could be summarized as follows: to encourage the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East and to firmly uphold the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East; to recommend practical measures to ease tensions, build confidence and control the arms race in all its forms and manifestations under the auspices of the United Nations; to all States in the Middle East to accede to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, to the Treaty on the Middle East; to the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Middle East; to the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the nuclear-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to nuclear weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons, to place of Nuclear Weapons, to the nuclear-Proliferation of All its nuclear-Proliferation of All its nuclear-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons; to the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and reiterates in this regard the appeal made by President Olusegun Obasanjo for the international community's efforts to conclude legally binding international instruments to regulate the delivery of such weapons to non-State actors during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included protection of “whistleblowers” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about acts of violence and discrimination that affect the religious intolerance of many women,
This analysis requires the direct involvement of relevant institutions and programmes.
If there are specific deficiencies in the publication programme, the Division should update existing publications or produce the necessary new publications.
Such an approach could not be seen as a reform, but could only be seen as eliminating the mandate and objectives of the Commission and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the area of disarmament and promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre, as necessary.
(a) Legal representatives shall be responsible for matters relating to the Centre and shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict areas and has participated in more than 20 meetings for this purpose since 1952.
Like many countries on our continent, Ethiopia has suffered for a long time as a result of conflict and war and its consequences, and in this regard it may be more suffering than others.
The project against the abduction of children was reported as another important activity carried out by UNICEF in the Sudan with the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and stressed that the programme managers of the section must comply with regulation 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue, how can we promote the Organization's reform objectives, let alone promote the goal of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy adopted in July 2000 provides for positive action to increase the proportion of women's representatives to the Government's legislative and executive bodies and political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 Situation Assessment and Analysis.
14.5 Use of women and family planning in rural areas
In a statement to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
These resolutions affirm the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their land.”
Abbreviations
The pattern that I have found in my previous report remains unchanged, that is, that aircraft often fly to the outer sea and then enter Lebanese airspace from the northern part of the UNIFIL war zone, thereby avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
The Working Group also held informal consultations during the intersessional period.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the refurbishment of premises should make access to buildings more convenient.
The report also discussed trends in the scope and methods of use of contraception by married women and women living in common in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community had already made a firm commitment to guaranteeing the survival of humanity, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than 100 million people in the world were still suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change had undermined stability in many countries, that millions of children continued to die from lack of drinking water and sanitation, that disease continued to cause tens of thousands of deaths, that the gap between the rich and the poor and that the unsustainable patterns of production and consumption persisted.
Other matters
Recalling the determination of the heads of State and Government, at the United Nations Millennium Summit, to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among people and among all societies,
This trend confirms the decline in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission has been prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that, while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there was room for a solution to the major problems in the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salinization and the reduction of nitrate pollution from groundwaters have been increasing.
The observance of the World Day could lead to renewed national support for the Convention and the sharing of experiences and knowledge.
The travel shall not be subject to a payment of 40 per cent of the allowance if the duration of the trip is not less than ten hours, if the trip is completed or above.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covered a wide range of issues, including economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including through specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed the dispatch of a delegation to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat in demonstrating the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, ending on 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including by improving the electoral law, to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to achieve the right of women to participate in public life in all areas, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage girls and boys to make educational choices, primarily through counselling, to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the negative impact of recent changes in the British Columbia on women, especially indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the Law on the Governance of Indigenous Peoples, which is currently under discussion, does not address discriminatory legal provisions that remain in other laws, including the rights to matrimonial property, identity and family identity that are contrary to the Convention.
Stresses the need to further strengthen coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in promoting environmental dimensions of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Press Fund has established two awards, one of which is the “best reporting” for women journalists, and the “most gender-awareness” for male journalists or female journalists.
Research will be carried out in the areas of the media and peace, with particular attention to Latin America and the African region.
In December 2001, an international non-governmental organization that maintained a formal relationship with UNESCO adopted a plan of action for the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World; in December 2002, in collaboration with UNESCO, a project entitled “Culture of Heritage and Peace” was launched, in collaboration with UNESCO's Peace Coordination and Culture Unit, to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local heritage and to give greater attention to the concept of a culture of peace.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic characteristics of the various phases of the value chain.
The Finance Director participated in the meeting of the NGO ADB Forum, organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB, held in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of successfully adapting the model of civil society to prostitutes (especially taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be seen as the only identity of women, and should in fact be a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
Eliminating all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons in the world is a long-term goal of the United Nations.
The increased commitment to providing troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has assisted post-conflict peacebuilding without the deployment of any military personnel.
Both China and India are largely on track, and therefore the world is likely to be marked by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its aim is to destroy the voices of the people by means of violence and to undermine their free consent and freedom of expression, which is the foundation of all civilization.
It uses weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order in our social organizations and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, considered at the Committee's twelfth session; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2, the report was considered at the Committee's twenty-first meeting.
It also stipulates that the learning and skills committees, in the exercise of their functions, should fully take into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, and persons with disabilities and non-disabled persons.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the fields of science and technology include the “Menfield Bar review”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the fields of science and technology and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of engineering and technology.
The two General Assembly members of the Northern Ireland Women's Federation also served as Deputy President of the General Assembly, two of whom were women before the suspension of 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (Article 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government proposed a plan of action to address the low rate of reported rape and conviction rates.
This document, taking into account the observations made on the plans of action for consultations published in 1998, provides a comprehensive statement of violence against women and how to combat such violence.
In cases where effective international and local contractors are not acceptable to the United Nations or regulatory authorities, or where it is cost-effective to re-bid such contracts, management may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
The tripartite process, as set out in resolution 1483 (2003), has made tangible progress.
We believe that, regardless of the level of progress in renegotiation, the deadline of 21 November should be adhered to in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiatives to reform and strengthen the Organization are matters of common interest and determination of all United Nations Member States.
That is meeting the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the time being, the consensus within the United Nations is to favour only the non-permanent members elected, and we will support that approach.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that the additional protocol is an important complementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
The Court needs a great degree of flexibility throughout the development of these systems.
The first part of the budget has already stated that the Court needs more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which may also include a Trial Chamber to deal with the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• A specific factual assumption of individual suspects' responsibility, with emphasis on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to add a second survey team in June 2004 and a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation is in need of assistance to ensure the regular access of field office staff to the Court network.
Through daily liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and other international organizations, the Chief of Security also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to keep the International Criminal Court at the international level and to provide such services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and in-house networks, using different means to explain in detail the principles, objectives and actions of the organization to the target audience and the public, on the basis of a proactive communication strategy; to create a good working environment with highly educated employees; and to create an efficient public professional library and to provide documentation services.
(viii) Any matter that the Secretariat deems necessary for them to be brought to the attention of the services receiving;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way to provide resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign the Agreement during the week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations implement Agenda 21, the outcomes of the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development as a matter of priority.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action by internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to address this issue today.
We call for the abolition of the Trade-Related Intellectual Property Rights Agreement, adopted by the International Trade Organization, which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General has submitted recommendations in this regard (A/58/556), which the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the need to further strengthen the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in promoting and implementing the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources necessary for the fulfilment of its mandate and by providing better services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Committee of the original sponsors explained the background and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have concluded their studies.
In addition, other actions have been taken by Governments and civil society:
- To change the mindset, which still comes from the persistence of patriarchal attitudes that slow the progress of women.
As some delegations noted, the reimbursement for troop costs in 2002 was significantly higher than the reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment costs; the troop-contributing countries could promptly and accurately calculate the number of troops deployed and the cost of contingent-owned equipment required more specific information to be reimbursed.
A number of recommendations in the report were considered to be addressed directly by the Fifth Committee and by representatives of troop-contributing countries.
Therefore, the Republic of Croatia formally assumed the obligation to bring together the provisions of the European Union into the legislation as a whole, making it necessary to adjust the overall law on gender equality in accordance with the standards laid down by European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons adopted in 2000 and 2003 are detailed in article 6 of this report.
Source: Central Statistical Office
However, if we consider other resources (both local and humanitarian), then the number of beneficiaries is higher, according to an estimate of 350,000 in 1998, up to 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Reproductive Health Services Department of the Zagreb Paediatric Clinic has continued its activities until the end of 2003, with its programme “Youth's health education for the protection of reproductive health and overall health”, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for youth in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation strongly rejected the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was observed that the distinction made on the basis of whether the goods were unloaded from their original means of transport was somewhat obsolete.
An alternative proposal was made that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the report was submitted to the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property to Iraq.
It was urged that Iraq return the remains alive to Kuwait, or return their remains to their families.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to ascertain the fate of the Sikhs will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The President noted that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC every success in its further work on strengthening the national counter-terrorism coalition.
The means of promoting global markets themselves — improved communications, the use of the media, better transportation connectivity and faster and easier international travel, have contributed to the development of the global terrorist network — a network that promotes a common hate message that seeks to achieve common objectives of killing and wanton destruction and to defeat ethics and thereby control civil society, in particular the multi-democracy-based civil society.
“Terrorism is a symptom of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been delayed in the past as a result of budgetary constraints; it is not possible to continue to be postponed and UNDP has a significant impact on the high level of qualified and able staff in these positions.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by the end of September 2003 to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, as part of the Secretary-General's reform.
Organizational reforms have also been introduced at the Division level, where the Statistics and Tools Section has been merged with the Global Urban Observing Section within the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly the City Secretariat) to use the name of the latter.
Monitoring has been expanded to include programmes to monitor urban inequality, in addition to existing indicators and GIS.
The themes of capacity development will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
In 2007, PeopleSoft escalated, perhaps introducing new features
What challenges are:
Since national commissions usually use contributions from other resources as a basis for raising funds from regular resources, it would be possible to increase the funding capacity of regular and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance in the preparation, activities with multiplier effects and activities that may have a significant role to play in the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexican Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, has coordinated programmes, including the education programmes for immigrants of Mexican children, youth and adults.
The Philippine Government's measures in this regard have proved to be unable to effectively protect the rights and dignity of women migrant workers and to shield them from illegal practices related to highly profitable sex industries.
In Latin America, UNIFEM is supporting the same trend in the increase in the number of women migrant workers, with a view to building basic knowledge of the causal factors affecting women in the current migration process, which will enable information-based decision-making.
The management and documentation of the conferences constitute “the central and fundamental aspects of the daily operation of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387 para.
On the basis of consultations with author departments, the Department worked to find a consolidated report and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integrating women's human rights and gender equity
The table shows the number of fisheries management organizations with regulatory authority for the functions defined in article 10 of the Agreement,34 which do not provide a comparison of powers to RFMOs that are often provided with advice on scientific matters.35 These two types of RFMO can exist in parallel and complement each other: the International Ocean Research Council (IOC) provides advice to Northeast Fisheries Commission, which may provide advice to the Commission.
Effects of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
See, for example, decision II-10 of the Conference of the States Parties ( Jakarta mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and resolutions concerning the establishment of the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
groundwaters linked to surface waters may be covered by the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in the area of demand reduction in accordance with the international drug control system in reducing drug trafficking and the illicit use and related consequences,
Iraq states that Facete did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, as “the material was sent and issued on 4 July 1990” and that “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989 and that the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arabian Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “Additional family subsistence allowance”, which relates to compensation paid to employees working in Saudi Arabia and whose families remain in North America during the period covered by the claim, in order to compensate them for the necessary costs of maintaining their residence on both sides.
Chevron Research and KNPC concluded, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, agreements for the supply of catalysts to each installation; KNPC continued to work with Chevron Research in 1975 following the signing of the first catalytic supply agreement with Chevron Research; KNPC has been purchasing all the catalyst needed for each facility to be purchased by the Chevron Research Company.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it incurred an annual insurance contribution of USD 2,762,640 for ships and machinery, calculated at a rate of 0.003 per cent for each ship's insurance value exceeding (Chevron U.S.A. is payable).
The case concerned the International Foundation for Philanthropy, the International Foundation for Philanthropy, with its headquarters in Chicago and organized on the Committee's list.
The present document is submitted pursuant to the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to refrain from the first use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or States not associated with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political council, as the only body to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the High Commissioner, I have emphasized this in particular in the context of the project profile.
Indeed, in many examples, there are no poor countries that are developing faster than the rich countries, or “consolidated” to affluent countries or where they are “cending gaps” in terms of per capita income.
The Court must, in its power, review the compatibility of its applicable law with the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) Reducing the time required to plan, deploy rapidly and establish peacekeeping operations in accordance with the mandate of the Security Council;
Consultants are requested to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective oversight of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change was “considered to be very general” (France), “the media did not clearly indicate the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media did not play a role in spreading ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that people must be aware of and aware of these issues and must also know what needs to be done to address them and what role they can play in this process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3), medium-term (10) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must become an initial activity in this component.
Untreated effluents may lead to changes in the ecosystem function and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education is included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The almost unanimous view of the latter was that there were no individual rights without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only, but that if those responsibilities were defined in an appropriate manner at the international and domestic levels, there were a variety of and important benefits available to them, regardless of whether they were rulers or rulers.
His Excellency Major-General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declaration of risk” (art. 1 (c)) (ii)).
Other documents
We share the same indignation at the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the ongoing illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and on the Middle East Jerusalem region.
With regard to the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern at the continuing violence and the excessive use of force, which have caused enormous loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system could not have suspicious transactions.
There are some disbelief of the Brigadier: “You are not fit — you do not have anything??” — “I have one” — “What?
One of his expertise is the use of toxic agents, one of the training camps' expertise.
The scope of activities in Zakawa is not limited to that small corner in the north-east of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take important decisions and take decisions that the world is expected to feel greater responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the use of children in a manner that adversely affects their health and development and prevents them from attending school or from fulfilling their responsibilities in relation to schools, or from complying with human rights standards: Convention No. 138 and Recommendation 146, No. 182 concerning the worst forms of child labour and recommendation 190 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers compensation that would ensure that they and their families have an adequate standard of living.
Spain Antonio Núñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Perez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusterio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Jiménez V.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session, Ambassador Najjaji, introduced the members of the extended Bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group could not attend).
Inter-Committee Meetings
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the accuracy of press releases.
President: History
The Computerization Division, composed of one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the Court.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to adjudge and declare:
The documents annexed to the pleadings and correspondence are being issued only on an exceptional basis if they are necessary to understand the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds are entered into the banking system, even if funds are deposited into the bank for the purpose of transferring them to the country after receiving a bill of exchange, if funds are diverted to illegal purposes such as financing of terrorism, they are likely to be found.
With regard to general standards, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed streamlined job classification system and looked forward to a detailed report of the Committee to the General Assembly on the results of the evaluation of effectiveness, as decided by the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership calls for mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries and support by developed countries, especially through aid, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-sixth claimants were in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In accordance with the methodology set out in paragraphs 211 to 215 of the First “E4” Report, claims for uncollectable receivables that cannot be recovered in the twenty-sixth instalment were verified and valued.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering that extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disasters must be addressed in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gandhi Memorial (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 urges all States to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and I personally join all representatives here in expressing their deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergey Vieira de Mello, and others, who were brutally murdered.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation and the protection of items that have been destroyed.
In addition to the organizations of the United Nations and international governmental organizations, ACI has worked with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Association of Air Transport (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Federation of Fretiliners (IFATCA), the International Coordinating Council of the Association of Astronautics Industry (ICCAI), the International Council of the International Federation of the International Federation of All and the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of All Migrant Workers of the International Federation of the International Federation of All Migrant Workers of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of Merchants of Air Transport Association of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of Air Transport Association of Air Transport Association of All Migrant Workers of the International Federation of All Migrant Workers and the International Air Transport of All Migrant Workers and the International Federation of the International Federation of All Migrant Workers of the International
English and French are working languages, but other languages, such as Spanish, are also used in some forums, including meetings.
The first lenders are pre-insolvency lenders or sellers of goods who continue to be associated with the debtor and its business, and may make new payments or provide trade credit to improve the possibility of recovering their existing claims, perhaps by raising the interest rate for new loans.
There are a number of laws that introduce a default rule that would imply that the failure of the insolvency representative to act within a specified period would result in a contract being considered, for example, to be rejected or not enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a corporation or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be delegated to the insolvency representative or to the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Advises and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor who acts as the insolvency representative;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are in place, requests in other laws that may prevent the delay in the recourse to the law of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines or on Their Destruction.
The failure of creditors to submit claims before the final report and accounting may result in different results depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
If a claim submitted in a proceeding is the subject of consideration outside of the insolvency proceedings, such claims are usually subject to the nature of the claim and may be provisionally recognized in an insolvency proceeding (subject to the application of the stay measure, see chapter II.B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor's counsel or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken by many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative convene a meeting of creditors and present accounts after the loss and distribution of assets.
The threat of a non-conventional attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have not yet seen any practical steps by Israel to achieve this goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the view of other members of the Conference that we all pledge to resolve the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to worship or assemble in a religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions included the overall orientation of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In resolutions on the rights of the child, the General Assembly continued to emphasize the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two statements were distributed informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999, the North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme a feasibility review of the first phase, Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana.
Exception of exceptions in bilateral dispute settlement would undermine the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in its decision in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle of the exercise of diplomatic protection on the corporation.
Thirdly, after the breakdown of State practice, it should be possible to determine the grounds for unilateral actions or acts by States; the criteria expressly or implicitly committed by States, in particular, but not limited to those relating to the authority of the organ responsible for acts or acts; and the circumstances and conditions in which unilateral commitments may be revised or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through its Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
Currently, with the support of the Ford Foundation, a project is being implemented to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding innovative means of reproductive health.
A growing number of new Rotarys have been established around the world, with the fastest growing areas of Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
The treatment of Guatemalan refugees in Mexico could be an example of a durable solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, will host an exhibition on family issues on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in close proximity to the Vienna Coffee Office, located on the first base of the General Assembly Building.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of the IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and note the considerable progress made in improving the efficiency of the technical cooperation programmes.
The action plans emanating from the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure the continuation of good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the Action Plan against Nuclear Terrorism, proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff work daily in these areas and in many other areas in order to make our world better and safer.
Natural persons have no place of business, whichever is the place of habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration to an electronic signature after signature may be detected; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition was not the text of the instrument and that it was the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation should take place in two phases.
6.8.4.5 In the event of the need to use the lion to maintain dangerous goods, the provision of 6.3.3.1.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and determine their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the Scientific and Technical Activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, in particular on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, to the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- International Decade for Action, “Water for Life”, 2005-2015, [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicated that young girls were given the space they needed to achieve self-determination.
As a result of the cancellation of the meeting scheduled for 27 October by a Main Committee of the General Assembly, the proposed Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be held within existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the 2003 Human Rights Development Report clearly states that if the situation is not rapidly improved, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by 2129 and that by 2147 the reduction of extreme poverty to two thirds of the child mortality rate is possible.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's recovery.
Developing country producers must overcome a range of obstacles in order to use these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Committee will facilitate the work of the Committee.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens, some forty-seven injured.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant found that he had been placed in a continuing situation, which certainly arose from the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955) but continued after the date of entry into force, because the relevant deprivation was `life'.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights often found more than one violation of a provision, and subsequently proposed a package of measures that could be classified according to the foregoing.
In response to the State party's objection to admissibility, on the grounds that the acts complained of are not carried out by State organs, but by the Committee on Business Insurance, which the State party is unable to affect them, the Human Rights Committee is of the view that the State party's mandate to other self-governing institutions remains subject to its obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed the issue of alleged discrimination in the lending market, the use of humiliating language by individuals, 203 and access to public places or to public services.
Human Rights Committee, communication No. 172/1984, Broeks v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; Aklla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Kamler v. The Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of graduates from vocational schools for further training at universities to become trainers and to send the management of cooperatives to refresher courses abroad.
On 13 May 2003, Radio Bombolom was re-issued by a decision of the Tribunal of the Tribunal, the first case that the Tribunal had overtaken the decisions of the Administration for several years.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on multiple fronts and clearly demonstrates the urgent need to strengthen the regime.
The provision of $10 million in contributions and $500 million of fast-track credit has been agreed upon under this joint programme, which is expected to demonstrate the complementarities between capacity-building and lending operations, as well as between the United Nations and development finance agencies.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen Mackafri, presented a detailed study of the topic.
(d) Conflicts cases;
Bulgaria has also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island no longer has a joint central administration, whether in law or in fact sufficient to represent Cyprus as a whole.
The Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political settlement of the island.
The priorities of the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoration of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the gross domestic product of Djibouti grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive evolution was confirmed in 2001, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the year and a change in the outlook figures for 2002.
Article 24 of Act No. 770/83, which penalizes another type of deliberate financing of terrorism: “For the purpose of fighting, recruitment, membership or support for illegal military organizations, regardless of the form of armed or unarmed, with uniforms or uniforms”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, some 300 kilometres of fencing have been constructed, which prevents Palestinian terrorists from penetrating into Israeli settlements centres for the murder of civilians.
Germany regrets the recent upsurge of violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
The wall has trenches, roads and fencing that are parallel to its extension.
The European Union, in close contact with the parties concerned, is ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to ending such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee is unable to reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to the specific information system.
Proposed new section
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there appears to be no measures to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Deeply concerned about the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of countless innocent lives and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “the Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future mandates”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 was due to the fact that it imposed only transparency measures on conventional weapons and excluded weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to harmonize national, regional and international policies and the activities of the organizations and agencies responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
March 2003
The diamond-mining inspection advisers, the cross-border inspection advisers and the airport inspection advisers are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these important areas.
In particular, children are suffering from nightmare, urea, blindness and sleep insecurity.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be combined with those dealing with special priorities and insolvency.
governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the review, bearing in mind the need to recognize the active role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Conscious of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the extension of British citizenship to citizens of the Overseas Territories, while calling upon the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services regulation, in order to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 500 million in construction, mostly by the Bank of Anguilla and the Caribbean Commercial Bank.
In the above-mentioned resolutions, the General Assembly called upon all States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase their special allocations for grants and scholarships to Palestine refugees; invited the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide assistance to Palestinian refugee refugee students in higher education within their respective areas of competence; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustees of such grants and scholarships for special grants and scholarships, and to be awarded them to eligible candidates for Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomes the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should concentrate on a smaller number of issues and avoid the fragmentation of resources on issues that have already been of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Sanctions Working Group and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Internal stability regimes
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult because mass exoduses are generally in crisis and conflict situations where national authorities are not able or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented a copy of a bill issued by Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipt issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, called for a single recorded vote in paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the Chairman had not applied the fact that he had earlier ruled on rule 129 of the rules of procedure and wished to record that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and earlier by the President.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo, as well as security assistance in support of UNMIK police activities.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the meeting in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide, within existing resources, the necessary resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination to Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Information Network of Small Island Developing States, of the aims and objectives of the International Conference to encourage contributions and support the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Charter of the Latin American and Caribbean States will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
But we still need to mobilize the necessary resources for the joint implementation of the declarations adopted by all of us — those declarations, which have given rise to great hopes in the hearts of our peoples of extreme poverty.
We urgently need to re-energize our economic efforts, supported by new foreign direct investment, the transfer of official development assistance, the transfer of technology and the need to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally saddened to learn that the members of the Iraq Management Committee, Ms. Agira Al-Hashmi, have died as a result of wounds sustained by recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime is intrinsically restrictive in dealing with the identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean Moro and Robert Schuman led to the establishment of the European Steel Community, which was subsequently expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration body known today as the European Union.
High-handed and committed acts continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Option
Some support was expressed for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is available through the National Statistics Institute website (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also on those subjects, we are evaluating the evidence gathered so far on each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran agreed with the analysis made by the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on strengthening support for South-South cooperation and raising public awareness about South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has communicated with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva on several occasions.
In addition, similar institutions exist in Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, a revised draft text of the ministerial declaration (Job(03)) was submitted to the Conference (Job(03))/150/Rev.2) on the basis of which WTO member States continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not fully reflect their interests and concerns.
A major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. For those who use force, threaten to use force or use other hijacked aircraft or vessels, a term of seven to 15 years' imprisonment is imposed.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures and the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines and announced that the State had become a co-sponsor of the Danish and United States proposal on such mines.
Form of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
That is a good start, yet the Unit will require a considerable amount of additional resources to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law.
In the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased significantly and the nature of armed conflicts has changed significantly.
It was hoped that, in preparing the report, consultations would be conducted as widely as possible not only within the United Nations system, but also within relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with particular attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, following a proposal made by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The Financial Intelligence Unit has signed agreements and memorandums of understanding for the exchange of information with other governmental agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama concerning the financial network of the investigation.
• Description and list of items of importing companies;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission experts held preliminary discussions with local leaders at the UNMIK and central and municipal levels, and initiated a process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A code of discipline has been implemented and a recruitment policy will be approved shortly.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group established to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the national reports prepared for the next session of the Subcommittee that focused on new mechanisms and initiatives implemented by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enables Sweden to obtain all data from all parts of Europe from Earth observation satellites through direct reception patterns.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will participate actively and effectively in the work of ensuring that the final outcomes of the Conference are accepted by States, both in form and in content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on demining technology were held in Geneva at the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) and an annex to the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared on the basis of the results of these workshops.
International testing and evaluation programmes: an international programme that would help participating States to cooperate to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating various humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility of the full and effective discharge of his mandate in the performance of his mediation;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system for them; in addition, there will be no alternative if a genuine move towards a non-discriminatory open system.
The search for solutions will take into account the actual trade economies of particular countries and assess their characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the CST Expert Group, to select three to four representative case studies in the reports received by the Parties and to submit them to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Chairmen of the Main Committees of the General Assembly regularly use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, by its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase in local staff salaries effective 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 to local staff travelling daily to Damascus and Camp Faouar.
Each year's federal budget includes an allocation for the protection of the security of stockpiled chemical weapons, which is an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunities has applied a number of procedures to be followed by the promoters.
(2) Provide or demonstrate skills or know-how for terrorist organizations, their instructions or cooperation with them;
The Chairman said that the phrase “laws law” might give the impression that the reference to other laws might be made, whereas “legally” meant to refer expressly to laws relating to the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, has caused socio-economic paralysis and has been exacerbated by the blockade.
That is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two States within secure and recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the grave threats posed by those regimes, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programme, its hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are unknown to all representatives and the entire world.
According to the assessment of UNOMIG, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally quiet.
I would now like to touch upon some of the work of the IAEA, which is of the interest of the international community.
I usually hear donors, and I am not aware of what terms of reference of donors.
He spoke eloquently, honestly and candidly about the sinking and change faced by commodity-dependent countries.
The above Guidelines aim to provide a normative and coherent risk evaluation framework that allows the Government to respond to threats with a degree of vulnerability to ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that specific efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts of human activities that undermine, degrade, pollution and threaten the health and viability of fisheries resources.
Flag State control over their vessels must be strengthened.
Reference is also made to the news synthesis material published by the General Division of Energy and Transport of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be mandated with the need for clarification in advance.
The Commission recommended that ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; to help establish information exchange and networks of policy and experience exchange; to mobilize resources; and to promote best practices.
The secretariat has revised the country database annually on the basis of three criteria adopted by the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to fight poverty and integrate it in the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “Organizational arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular part VIII of which “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of executive direction and management in the results-based budgeting format, namely, through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Commission also emphasized that the three subprogrammes presented should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for Africa's development.
Concern was expressed about the proposal to halt some outputs as a result of the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States.
It was noted that statistics are one of the areas where duplication of effort may arise.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure consistency in their policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following: “(c) Supporting the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation while focusing on the thematic clusters of the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, by strengthening the knowledge base for sustainable development; developing technology transfer, making more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in the implementation of sustainable development; and using contemporary data collection and dissemination methods, including increased use of information technologies, including increased use, including increased use of information technologies.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be overly demanding and should be approached with caution.
It was reported that, in addition to the de jure non-recognition of the Roma in various parts of the Americas (except in Colombia), there was discrimination against Roma society and that incidents of police abuse against Roma were regularly occurring in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is recommended that an independent court or tribunal consisting of members of minorities be established.
However, it is difficult to devise international standards that adequately integrate the two measures without imposing restrictions on some States.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including in relation to strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements on United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reiterates its approval of the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau for 2002;2
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of demining operations, and recommended areas to be given priority by the international community as a whole for the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are mutually exclusive, but complement each other and contribute to the justice and reconciliation of Rwanda.
This record is equally important in the exercise of the obligation to exercise law and to administer justice.
In accordance with existing legislation, the representatives of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have the right to focus on the proceedings and to have access to the archives of the Tribunal, and the evidentiary material obtained by the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia can be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations had failed to act on the question of Iraq and failed to stop the bloodshed there, and the United Nations had failed to address the deteriorating Middle East crisis in the half century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations has forced us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked how can we support preventive efforts, such as those in place?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
Ecosystem approaches need to expand such functions and processes that must be considered in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit, in accordance with the modalities for participation established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The Commission had previously considered the question of exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the form of judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and writings of judicialists.
According to the theory of the right to a remedy, the injured alien needs only to exhaust remedies derived from rights and may result in binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to leave the current tickets for attendance at the sessions of the Economic and Social Council on the basis of the first-served principle;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the manner in which the concessionaire might acquire the right to work by means of a study conducted by many national legislation.
Before the twenty-fifth instalment claims were submitted to the Panel, the secretariat of the Commission undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants have received responses, none of the responses meet the above criteria.
Contribution at the national level to development effectiveness
Recalling also its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits” the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The General Assembly mandated the review to be undertaken, and the approach taken by the Office of Internal Oversight Services to the mandate focused on a number of administrative areas where the Organization's production could be improved after streamlining.
The States of EAPC reaffirmed their determination to sign, ratify and implement United Nations conventions to combat terrorism.
The Act deals with:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council made additional tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group could contribute to raising awareness of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in situations of conflict, as well as of the relationship between that issue and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution is found, none of the above recommendations can be implemented over the long term.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the family-related provisions of the outcomes of the United Nations summits and conferences and their follow-up processes in the 1990s continue to provide policy guidance on how to strengthen family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), noted that the late issuance of those reports and reports of the Board of Auditors recommendations remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee that the status of the payments made to the Humanitarian Coordination Office in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide the Committee with the information available and similar information on the entities listed on the List.
If so, please provide the number and date of the justification, disembark or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, no financial activities of any kind are authorized by other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators).
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes part of a systematic long-term policy known to the occupying Power and its subordinate local authorities, that is, to deny that there should be no support for the reunification of Cyprus and that the Turkish Cypriot people who are not occupying forces and are members of the European Union have made criticism.
In different scales, the BioTrade is also designed to integrate the environmental and social dimensions of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) the incorporation, wherever possible, of potential new knowledge areas related to the subject of development in the context of capacity development efforts; and (b) flexibility in designing actions to adapt to new topics or new models where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means that the international community is committed to reorient the WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should participate actively in the decision-making process of sanctioning a Member State and should follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and impede the pace of economic and social development of the injured State.
The Committee enquired as to why baseline data for measuring performance were not available for three bienniums and why there were no outputs to be discontinued.
Several factors have led to such changes.
(t) “Private persons” means any employee, operator, manager or official of any entity, organization, business or private legal person other than the unit in which the person performs his or her duties;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) For the purposes of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may, in its opinion, provide assistance within the limits of its discretion, regardless of whether the act constitutes an offence under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) Subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings requested, as well as the name and functions of the department conducting the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
States Parties shall [implement] [adopt] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain transactions during an appropriate period of time.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that it was also important to ensure that the system designed by the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
The increase in emissions in all sectors for the period 2000-2010 is projected (in the light of the “measures”), except for waste management.
Note: National codes of conduct are described in the annex.
These rates include the salaries of lawyers and office costs.
One of the last three months of retaining the lump sum amount could be used to pay the increased instalments for the month if the trial phase was to take place in advance.
A full interview is attached for your information.
If an organization recognized as terrorism was cleared, its assets were confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 Foreign Ministers have expressed their support for the joint declaration.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forests
The process of preparing the present report shows that, while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad, as a result of better practicality and cost-effectiveness, most of those engaged in cooperative practices are not guided by institutional policy.
Many Governments have renounced the concept of directive that prevailed in the course of the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs have indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources are major obstacles to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
UNDP field staff networks have been expanded and are using these resources with key partners to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
In order to deal successfully with terrorism, work needs to be concentrated in the three main counter-terrorism areas of activity: firstly, preventing terrorists from engaging in terrorist activities (e.g. by preventing the financing of terrorist activities, suppressing forged documents and not providing weapons, etc.); secondly, by not harbouring terrorists and ensuring that terrorists are prosecuted and/or extradited (e.g. by expediting the conclusion of anti-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying entry to terrorists and strengthening of law enforcement agencies, etc.); and strengthening, etc.).
The development dimension must be an integral part of IIAs in order to support national policies to attract more foreign direct investment and to benefit more from it.
NGOs organized a national photo exhibition to improve women's image and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know about the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would like to know about literacy training and the retention of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancies.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act and is not in conformity with the road map, which makes the creation of a viable and contiguous Palestinian State even more difficult.
Institutional capacity-building.
First and second resumed sessions
In Amman, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (co-author)
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, with reference to his notes dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that Mr. Peter Love, Acting Controller of the United Kingdom (United Kingdom Department of Court) is a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Resident Partner, Lilongweper Lebrand International Accounting Company, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance in this regard;
For example, three countries with the highest level of port openness to the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack sufficient funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Former Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off shall be permitted to determine the net exposure of the risk, regardless of whether the termination of these contracts occurred before or after the commencement of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in some of the preliminary investigation reports made by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, and the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including, where appropriate, prompt action to address staff complaints;
The Commission considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the Programme of Action on human rights and respect for human rights as an important factor in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report to the Committee on a regular basis on the implementation of all activities undertaken by its members in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above and in implementation of the present resolution, in particular the statement of ECOWAS on the moratorium on small arms and light weapons referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Some country teams participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the HIV/AIDS debate and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals debate.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman also held several consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link between these requests and what is happening in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that a large number of individuals could violate the ban because they possessed multinational or a residence permit for other States.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and recommendations on how to resolve the problems of arrears to Member States of closed peacekeeping missions with net cash deficits, for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals has compiled a draft on the basis of inputs from the Subcommittee on Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which, after its consideration of the draft, may reach consensus on a global system of harmonization,
Stopping the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore imperative that we fully support this effort.
More must be done to identify what acts of terrorism are caused by fanaticism or criminal intent that is irresistible, and what acts are caused by political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world is at greater risk, this principle is more relevant.
How can we do that?
However, there are a number of questions that cannot be brought to the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — and you can also correct our assessment — is vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna said several minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth handover of the presidency, which is crucial to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of land law; the inadequate availability of forestry and agricultural concessions to effectively safeguard the poor; the fact that some people have been displaced by road construction projects; and the relocation of children and the poor on the streets.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to shift from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment for a term expiring on 18 May 1995.
The above-mentioned acts result in the death of a person or other major consequences, punishable by 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The above acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
The Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) tell us what?
Only after the threat of use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process — can some progress be achieved in this cooperation, but still far from the level of “conditional, immediate and active”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from a legal standpoint?
The third type of disease - a severe neglected disease - has received very little research and development in the rich countries, and there is essentially no commercial basis for research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Advocacy and promotion of the use of the Counter-Terrorism Committee's centralized Counter-Terrorism Information and Resource Kit.
Main conclusions
A detailed study of adult sex workers was carried out by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
The question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with existing practice of using certain types of transport documents, such as “pre-shipment” bills of lading and “manned” bills of lading.
A general comment was made, noting that the terms “Transport document or electronic record” had been repeatedly used in the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument, with the aim of emphasizing the distinction between transport documents and electronic records, rather than focusing on the content of documents, as the Working Group's mandate was intended.
The view was expressed that the text of the draft article was equally concerned with respect to subparagraph 12.2.1 and that it was requested that the text of the draft article should indicate which liability under the contract of carriage would be incurred by the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions in the manner proposed in the Swedish proposal, such as the issues that had not been specifically identified with regard to the calculation of compensation and damage (see paras. 258 and 264 to 267 below).
The Permanent Mission and Observer Missions are reminded that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 p.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and will reopen to authorized vehicles on Monday, 22 September 2003, at 4 p.m.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of the procurement system to the national economy and highlight the efforts of international institutions that need to coordinate their activities in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with civil aviation organizations on further methodological work towards improving the quality of data reporting and to support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and to provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities called for all air traffic to take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support the reporting of livestock disease systems and livestock immunization;
The Department's brochure entitled “United Nations and decolonization”, which was prepared by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs in 2001, responded to numerous queries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, whose problems were concentrated primarily on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the options for the future status of the Territories and the assistance available to the Territories.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had been broadcast by the local television station for parliamentary debate under the press release.
According to this provision of Swiss law, there is ample reason to freeze the assets of persons and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act has changed, the EVA system will be amended immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In accordance with the request of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292 for the further strengthening of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposal to strengthen the regular budget component of the Office will be included in section 29G of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (Administration, Nairobi).
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and graphics, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of the Monterrey scenario as a whole depends essentially on the idea of a global partnership.
At this time, we must work to reflect the spirit of partnership between the rich and the rich countries that we saw in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility, undermine industry, regions, international banking systems, financial markets, international business vouchers, international trade to the stability of the State.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and business law can play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred upon it by the arbitral procedure regime.
Internet and computer technologies have increased not only traditional crime enforcement (e.g. theft of identity, misappropriation of intellectual property, infringement of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also threats to the business and government by attacking key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communications).
• Ensure free access to outer space through measures that apply equally to all parties, while avoiding the release of debris wherever possible;
They have repeatedly emphasized that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are the root cause of greening frustration and the cause of new conflicts, and that there can be no consolidation of democracy, stability, security and peace without rectifying the increasing level of international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that, pending the absence of a comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should work as a matter of priority towards the conclusion of a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government fully oppose the imposition of these problems as a condition and excuse to restrict the market access of developing countries, or to restrict the provision of assistance and technology to developing countries or to link them to multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also adopted similar measures for stock brokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to conduct a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To this end, independent courts or tribunals should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees are provided for minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that each State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized by the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Approximately $6.5 million will be used for civilian staff training, approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines of the circular and report on their actions to the Bank of Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) Campaigns and engagement with the media and eminent persons to serve as a good example of the role of men in increasing the participation of men in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has contributed to the development of a national population policy and the updating of census information, which are crucial for a better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
In the World Bank, the Group met with Mr. Ballisto Madavo, Deputy Director-General and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator; and Mr. Marcelo Andra, Head of State Economist and Head of the World Bank, Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations for the Management of 1970;
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 addressed to you by Reşat Çağlar, representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Group had also expressed support for that and had facilitated development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The implementation of the UNCCD was discussed for the first time between all affected European Parties.
In conjunction with the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002 to present an analysis of the needs and proposals of each Annex IV country in the area of regional cooperation and to identify further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal of Ambassador Amorim to address outstanding arms reductions in the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive report, indicating their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor and a prerequisite for guaranteeing information security, national and ethnic sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for an initial period of six months, with a mandate to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include a military component in the Mission, in accordance with option (b) of the report of the Secretary-General, in conjunction with the operations of the French and ECOWAS forces;
Calls for the immediate cessation of the recruitment or use of children by parties to conflict who recruit or use children in violation of their applicable international obligations;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, read out at this meeting on 21 January of the United Nations Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, strongly supported our initiative, and he was greatly encouraged by the fact that we would formally launch it.
“In reading the report of the annual session 2001, I am fraught with a paradox.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from the RUF to allow for the access and release of abducted children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, and the Civil Defence Forces have made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize them.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “era of application” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraqi territory, difficult times have passed.
In the case of Japan, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils its primary responsibility to it in order to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not an issue of disarmament experts.
The Governing Council, in paragraph 6 of decision 9, determined that the claimants submitting claims to the Commission had a responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the losses “the total amount of loss to be compensated would subtract the loss that might reasonably be avoided”.
At the broader level, significant progress has also been made in strengthening the United Nations Standby Arrangements System for Military, Civilian Police and Civilian Personnel and in the procurement and management of the strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, as poor households often do not have equal educational opportunities or in some cases have no chance.
If migrants do not meet time requirements, social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Migration to cities has eroded inter-generational support for indigenous peoples over the years and cut off relationships with traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, vulnerable older persons are considered to be particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them will soon be interrupted with their families living in the labour market, thereby losing material support.
This legal framework often does not protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as they emphasize their common ownership of all their resources.
The inconsistency between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of claim preparation costs at a later date.
In one claim, the Claimant seeks compensation in the amount of the amount owed to the goods that were sold to Iraq under a sales contract with agents in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1(1) report, paras.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith, for your information, a document dated 30 April 2003, entitled “Appointments by the Organization of American States to assist technical experts on the demarcation of the El-El Salvador-Honduras border”, which is being circulated as a document of the Security Council.
UNHCR assists refugees, especially women and female-headed households, in obtaining adequate housing, which constitutes a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/weshm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying solutions to trade and development issues that balance South-North interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for and developing national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations.
The specific implementation of the above provisions would, in each specific case, look at the complexity and details of the request, and if the time-frame was not met, it would be agreed with the requesting party to handle the schedule.
The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1.
The security wall has serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being constructed, while existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cumberbach Miglien (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to state that it joined the consensus on the adoption of draft resolution A/58/L.39, on strengthening the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but that it does not mean that my country agrees — in the language of the draft resolution — to use the concepts of operative paragraph 12, such as “culture of protection”, which we have not been properly discussing in the framework of the framework of our work, because they may be distorted by reference to the relevant principles of General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991, as well as well as well as to the principles of the United Nations resolutions.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the “completion strategy” developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (para. 45 of the report) provides a breakdown of income by $13.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten by economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which is the cornerstone of international security.
For acts of terrorism committed by extremist groups or individuals, regardless of their seriousness, powerful States should not exercise their inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally launching an unpredictable war that may have a global character, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
It is only counterproductive to avoid the most important question of defining the content of this law.
In the recent national elections, a Government-funded campaign encouraged the electorate to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the National Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs) is a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goals report.
As a result of the country's participation in the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission chemical precursors project, the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) had been assisted in the development of the new draft legislation.
Within this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded reserve for after-service health insurance.
The meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment reports and a summary of unfinished reports, an overview of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, ongoing challenges in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the areas of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
The region already has measures to address law enforcement issues at the level of the South Pacific Forum.
The objective should be to develop management mechanisms with a better understanding of the resources involved and the environment in which they arise.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The preliminary report has made progress in the follow-up to the special session on children since May 2002; highlights the actions already taken in the four main areas; and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region, urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and on the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRSG International Rubber Research Group
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the appalling acts of terrorism committed on 11 September 2001 and, in the latter resolution, also condemned the appalling acts of terrorism in Bari and Moscow and urgently called for international cooperation to prevent and eradicate acts of terrorism, and Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombings of February 2003 in Bogotá,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
It was decided to allocate the items proposed in the Secretary-General's memorandum to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnology can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It would be meaningless to expect that the issue of the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands would be resolved during these two visits.
To engage all nuclear-weapon States as soon as possible in the process leading to the ultimate elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves become actors of an approach to planning and decision-making at all stages.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of additional documentation for the Convention, as well as the work programme of cooperation with States that have voluntarily promoted “special agreements”.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who have reasonable grounds to believe that they pose a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for special serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to do their utmost to ensure that the education of their children is in the interest of:
In many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in several areas of Asia, Africa and Central America.
S-19/2 Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on an integrated primary health care and referral system.
In addition, new initiatives are taking place in the area of health care.
For example, at the policy level, only 4.02 per cent of senior women administrative staff (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (table 5).
At the lower secondary level (11 to 13 years old), the net enrolment rate of girls fell to 26.2 per cent, to 36.5 per cent for boys, indicating that more than two thirds of the children in the age group were denied access to education.
Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with Economic Reform to Promotion and Industry in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Regrettably, after decades of occupation, bloodshed and defiance of international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has still not realized that the path of peace depends on the implementation by the State of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same subject, all of which remain idle as a result of Israel's defiance of international law.
Nor will we reorient our policies by threats.
The United Nations efforts aimed at stability, democratization and reconstruction in Iraq are fully supported by my country, and I also commend the brave and selfless work done by United Nations staff.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through an objective and rational implementation of a programme, rather than through the use of artillery or jet fighter aircraft, or through the mobilization of a large number of armies to destroy hate regimes.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council called upon all States members of the Authority and other parties in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation wishes to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and the clear warning to us that, despite the measures taken so far, these measures are insufficient to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
The progress report of the Voorburg Group on Services Statistics is also being presented to the Commission (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room papers).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it a draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and a list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative is a model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In a written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi mentioned that Burundi was unable to pay its arrears to the United Nations because of the terrible socio-economic situation that had been taking place since 1993.
In its written and oral statements, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly as a result of earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution does not add a budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to mobilizing resources for TCDC and OECD (including from developing country Governments, donors and other sources under triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) To develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and to strengthen child-related governmental institutions, including, where appropriate, ministers responsible for children and independent commissioners for the promotion of children's rights;
A/58/282.
It was said that it would help to avoid a problem that became more obvious as a result of electronic commerce, which was an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of that suggestion regarding the wording of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which brings additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to NEPAD values and practices.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity projects, and to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and enhanced monitoring and assessment system, CPC has placed greater emphasis on the assessment of programme performance and will ensure that the Organization is moving forward in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress, and it is seen that it is a departure from a peaceful settlement and a move away from negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each word of the plan has been determined by a number of rounds, carefully considered and thoroughly weighed.
This would lead to the re-establishment of a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which have serious negative effects on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Weekly News, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, for the tireless work of the world for peace with Africa, and to make every effort to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and the support of the Organization.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols relating to terrorism is in its final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection
Noting that, despite progress, difficulties remain in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society organizations, to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, a complete report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in the addendum all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with interested Governments, to hold a further consultative meeting with all Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council to finalize the “Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to Compensation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law” and to consider, as appropriate, options for adopting those principles and guidelines;
Notes with satisfaction that the progress made by many countries in the world in building democratic societies has made these countries better able to achieve civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to organize, in advance of the sixty-first session of the Commission, a joint seminar with the United Nations Development Programme on practical ways and activities to effectively strengthen good governance practices for the promotion of human rights at the national level, using extrabudgetary resources, in accordance with paragraph 5 of Commission resolution 2002/76, to review and enrich information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, for the achievement of sustainable development and for ensuring sustainable development for all;
Decides to continue consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction that the people of the northern part of Somalia, despite various difficulties, still enjoy relative peace and stability and have access to basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations resulting from the circulation of and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/18, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/21, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/2, 2003/2, 2003/26, 2003/28, 2003/29, 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report of its fifty-ninth session.
Death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 231
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 22
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and the beneficial development of the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Pre-deployment medical costs incurred under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
The Committee therefore expects that considerable savings will occur during the current period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity for the international community to identify a comprehensive issue of sustainability at the Johannesburg World Summit; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has shown a new and dynamic direction for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, the international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of the regional seas programme within their existing resources;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in the provision of financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of those Governments in their quest for the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of those peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights by everyone and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit annually an annual report to the Commission and a midterm report to the General Assembly on the activities performed under his mandate;
Explanation note: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; Economic Commission for Africa; Economic Commission for Europe; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; regional commissions; UNCTAD; UNODC: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations-UN-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, referred to in paragraph 15 of the 2000 Final Document, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency throughout the NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility to continue to service them until their situation was resolved.
Replace “5.5.6” with “55.0)
The Supreme War Commission held a hearing in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003, declaring the innocence of the six persons and, in addition, maintaining life imprisonment for one accused and carrying out six months of detention for another accused.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to serve as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with an increasing number of United Nations field operations with human rights mandates and OHCHR field office staff to improve the flow of information related to disappearances, using their unique status on the ground.
During the reporting period, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send a reminder regarding the 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
It is alleged that disappearances are linked to the wide powers conferred upon the security forces under urgent legislation, in particular the Terrorism and Disbandment Act and the Public Security Act, which allow for preventive and long-term detention, without many other normal guarantees under the Penal Code.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to find the best course of action to address the issues you have raised.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members have resources for the implementation of recommendations, the importance of data preparation to monitor internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and the provision of adequate extrabudgetary resources to ESCAP for its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meeting to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The same is true of laws on inheritance, marriage and donations.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as stated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and their obligations under all human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification by the State party in November 2000 of the European Social Charter (as amended in 1996) and the Additional Protocols to the Charter of 1995 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly hit by structural reforms in the area of public and agricultural sector.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, genuine partnership with Governments will not be possible to advance the achievement of the education goals.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State party should not deprive another State of the capacity to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, in 1998, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (which is attached to it for your information), which should serve as a frame of reference for a plan to adopt an international code of conduct on the right to adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established linkages between human rights and development, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection rights and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights video campaign was completed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Symposium organized by the International Training Division in Detop, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that perpetrators of violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and relevant agencies and agencies and non-governmental organizations, and to assist, upon request, the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba expressed dissatisfaction at the lack of progress in implementing this provision in different forums, and it believed that the nuclear-weapon States had the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Por Home Countries Cry Foul Over New Trade Plan by the West”, The EastAfrican, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
As with European Union partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Air and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, a seminar on space and society in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and recording, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Penal Code of Guatemala provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that there is widespread endorsement of the claim that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide cannot be punished.
According to the above definition, in 2001 there were 415,000 underemployment in Spain, of which 68 per cent were women and almost 32 per cent were men.
Source: BVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax reduction factors in the purchase of rent, indicating the percentage of the salary income required to pay the first year of receipt.
More than 236 hectares were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and women of different ages, including young and older women, will focus on networking, exchange of information, knowledge-sharing and formation alliances among countries and cultures within the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace, which will remain a high priority for further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting women's human rights.
They can also resort only to domestic law if available, with a view to continuing their interests or to obtaining redress.
“It is fundamentally difficult to say that a State will be able to take a decision in full and freely on the question of who brings property into its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the individual opinion of Judge Vega in the Barcelona Traction case, I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In the case of any offence to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
The conclusion and implementation of such agreements or arrangements should comply fully with the principle of sovereign equality of States and should be carried out in strict conformity with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Anti-Corruption and Integrity in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Most delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee felt that there was no need to include the definition of “international public organization”, since the term had been clearly interpreted in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that it would be preferable to use mandatory language.
Discussions were also initiated on the concept contained in the final version of the paragraph.
No comments on this article were made during the second reading of the draft text for the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, there is still a need to retain sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting presented the report of the Group of Experts on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development Division” (DITE/ODOC/03/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to reduced official travel costs and the lack of training, as fewer trips by staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to the Mission to deal with administrative and technical issues, with fewer technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Consequently, the Committee was not asked to decide whether Mr. A's expulsion from Sweden was in breach of its obligations under article 3 or any other provision of the Covenant, and to decide whether he had been tortured by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups paved the way for the meeting of the Ituri Pacification Commission, held from 4 to 14 April 2003, and for the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
We therefore express our deep satisfaction at the efforts to achieve international efforts aimed at peace, as Venezuela shares the view that the illicit diamond trade, as recognized by many States, has the harmful effects of fuelling armed conflict and has delayed and impedes the efforts of all countries directly affected by it.
Chairman, Legal Aid Office, Legal Development Centre, 1999-2001.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Monitoring.
• Offences against abortion, Senda Press
One of the objectives of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, it was announced that January was the Counter-narcotics Information Day.
“Objective 2004-2005: using the Standby System to meet the percentage of deployment needs of all personnel and the level of rapid deployment or on-call list”
As for multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described as a way of referring to language and war.
Exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and representatives of civil society allowed for a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and introduction of targeted sanctions, making the contribution of the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on the arms embargo and travel ban a point of reference.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of humanity remained under colonial cover, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by means of vote, which became the foundation for the development and codification of human rights since then.
In the broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of racism and its impact on their own development, but also to the development of communities, as a result of racism and racist-based systems, where communities are repeatedly frustrated because they do not have the opportunity to embark on certain development paths that other communities can explore, as the situation in Haiti has demonstrated in many ways that the country is ready to celebrate the 200th anniversary.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
The Government of Iran informed on 23 October 2003 that Mazahi Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Court was also established to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Tuvalu Bata as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes region.
The active support of the international community for the preparatory process and the Conference itself is therefore crucial.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to include women in all peacebuilding and development processes.
We want to take many initiatives.
UNHCR once again emphasized the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, and reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with the International Organization for Migration and recalled the reasons for the need for such complementarity.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides, proposing a direct meeting.
In addition, following the opening statement by Mr. Clerides, it was possible to propose, not only for the Treaty of Guarantee to remain in force, but also for the appropriate details of the Treaty, its application to the new configuration established by the Agreement of Establishment and the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, which covered matters other than the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the two of its allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
Framework Convention on Climate Change
(c) If the chemical incineration of aerosol agents is less than 20 kilocal/g, there shall be no single fire at a distance test, which shall be carried out in the closed space fire test referred to in subsection 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve complementary objectives under overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this serious escalation of Israeli action, which could lead to a sudden change in the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa asked for further clarification, to whom I give the floor.
Following the debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally established that Azar and Abkhazia are the self-governing Republic of Georgia, and the Constitution has been amended accordingly.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and its support for efforts to organize and oversee a referendum on self-determination for the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to his country's requests to visit their countries so as to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, United Nations country teams and other theme groups, which have been steadily synchronized in the programming cycle and streamlined and harmonized processes, the progressive introduction of results management and budgets in many countries, the establishment of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and joint efforts to establish effective collaborative tools, such as the common country assessment and United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) and their relationship with the Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs), are efforts to achieve a single objective, namely strengthening coherence, the coherence, efficiency and impact of United Nations development goals of United Nations development goals.
Voluntary contributions were made to individual organizations on the basis of actual operations, mandates and coverage specific to them.
• Percentage of Central Government expenditure by category and purpose
In addition, the popularized version of the Principles, which is being codified for wider audiences, is being compiled, for example, under the auspices of various international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia, to produce a concordance of the Principles in Indonesian.
12 noon Press release by the Spokesman
They indicate that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do contribute to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan looks forward to further improvements by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies, such as through the consolidated appeals process, to address the forgotten crisis more effectively.
There is some degree of uncertainty about measures to protect the health of people living in contaminated areas and should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council has made such requests.
However, it was lifted after five days because of intense debate within Burundian society.
They are victims of a large number of violent incidents perpetrated by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that demonstrates that people have become aware of and hope that, with the help of the justice system, the fear of the military for them will prevail.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that have proven capacity to conduct laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacology and biology, and may be consulted in their national territory;
To congratulate the United Nations Press Association on the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsored journalists from developing countries to report on the activities of the General Assembly at United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to increase the number of scholarships available to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing together them as youth partners, to identify and formalize a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partner — to prevent HIV infection among youth.
On the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the initiative of preparing a draft guidance note on resource mobilization (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group took up the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group would need to consider it at the current session, without a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of the embargo amendment had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat in English, French and Spanish, which had been posted on the relevant Web site of the Conference of the Parties, in accordance with decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties.
For further information, please refer to information on the web site as follows: Asapgef@unep.org ( clicking on “notice board”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be adopted for serious accountability and good governance:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 21)
No documentation was submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The experts briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further recognizes that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system of the Secretariat are responsible for providing content, while the Department's responsibility is to coordinate, improve, express and disseminate content in close cooperation with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service in Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 on money-laundering in the member States of the West African Economic and Monetary Union, against the backdrop of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations related to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay particular attention to the options of self-determination for the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Erea (Benin) noted that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two major gender” in response to the first questions raised by members, and asked whether there were a third gender or whether the Special Rapporteur referred only to the sexual orientation of individual persons.
Therefore, if a member State makes a request for interpretation in the language and other languages, the delegation concerned would incur the costs.
WFP provides that basic English-speaking knowledge is necessary in all cases, while UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information worldwide network of information centres and services, as well as the information sector in the field offices, produces raw printed materials in various local languages.
Arabic; Chinese; English; French; German: German; Chinese; Russian: Italian; Portuguese; Portuguese: Russian; Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and freight and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approves the medium-term plan as a projected framework for the period 2003-2006 (summarized in document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7 table 4), including the preparation of up to $151 million in regular resources programme expenditures, to be submitted to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources for networks of field offices that are primarily responsible for the promotion of technical cooperation has contributed significantly to dialogue with Governments to advance their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to harmonize family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the unequal access to the labour market and the fact that women are generally limited to work in the agricultural sector and the informal sector, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that a number of major actions had been taken to give priority to combating the spread of the pandemic, including the issuance and promulgation of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the development of an integrated HIV/AIDS research and control programme in cooperation with stakeholders to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee appreciates the efforts of the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but is also gravely concerned that indigenous women still face systematic discrimination in all areas of life.
However, it is difficult to determine the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are fully publicized and trained to law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibility has been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
The Slovak legislation on the export of arms and military materiel is contained in Act No. 179/1998 as subsequently amended on transactions involving military goods.
These general claims are set out in annex I, entitled “Summary of general claims” (summary) as part of the present report and should be read together with the present report.
With regard to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and shipping certificates, but did not provide a certificate of arrival.
Ina, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machinery is 28.65 per cent of the insurance policy “purchase value”.
(b) North Refugee Project Contract of the SCOP: Retention bond costs (“claim 5”)
This claim refers to alleged costs of evacuating employees and their families from Iraq, including travel and communications costs.
The Panel therefore considered the total amount of USD 38,234,073 for contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, loss of funds, other losses and interest.
If a claim is found to be unable to provide these specific projects or not with a statement of claim, this deficiency is notified to the claimant and requests it to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“the article 15 notification”).
In the first instance, for the purpose of preparing the bond, a security arrangement is required for the principal amount of the bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating the seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting an integrated approach to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity to discuss in detail ways to improve financing for operational activities for development.
Available at http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globaloceans/index.htm#forum.
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary-related activities in any way constitutes a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples, regardless of the form they take in order to gain some legitimacy,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders are valid until 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue our efforts to implement the recommendations made in the report of the Human Security Committee.
Finally, addressing violations of human rights and responding to those responsible is to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place them outside the Committee.
We trust that the appointment of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues raised in the sub-group.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only by means of a ballot box, by political figures who have acquired existing power by force.
UNIFEM's work in this area has increased significantly during the previous period of the Strategy and Business Plans, 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework set out below will provide guidance for the selection, partnership, monitoring and reporting of UNIFEM programmes.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the resumption of the RUF insurgency, concerns about the capacity of the army of the Republic of Sierra Leone to preserve territorial integrity have been difficult to overcome.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of this ban in Liberia, as a result of the difficulties in the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in West Africa.
He was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that he had returned his passport to the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support the implementation of United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can improve in this regard, but it does indeed require the cessation of all acts of terrorism in part of its implementation.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the right to work in the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work was difficult to implement in the context of low economic levels and the lack of effective social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of phenylacetic acid have been inaccurate: the probability of success has increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent, meaning that greater errors must be recorded, thereby reducing the length of life.
These measures must be applied by all concerned.
It was also considered that the overall trend in the geostationary orbit market had been the tendency of the satellite operator to remove the satellite from the functional geostationary orbit region after the end of the active life of the satellite.
Chapter ___. Adoption of the report of the Conference
In UNCTAD, a holistic, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be undertaken in the area of UNCTAD's expertise by strengthening cooperation between divisions.
Any regional office or sub-offices that may be established by the World Tourism Organization shall work closely with regional offices or branches that have been established or may be established by the United Nations, in particular the offices of the regional commissions and offices of resident coordinators.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general cost of insurance for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $7,578,000 and that the general insurance contribution for United Nations property administered by Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 amounted to $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of ODS will increase dramatically.
All three meetings were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1 of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the steps taken and on the progress made in the enjoyment of all rights and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Regrettably, the delay has been very serious since the establishment of the Committee.
The State policy in this regard should be clearly spelled out in the direction of the command of the military commander in the region, and allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated promptly by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without a report and a delegation's presence.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Relief Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system promotes coordinated humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries are committed to policies aimed at establishing a people-centred development path to ensure the creation of the necessary environment for poverty eradication in their countries.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
Important commitments have been made under the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and cleaning, and modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to speedily complete the demarcation of their common borders.
Particular concern was expressed about the ongoing conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for special attention to be given to this issue by international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was undertaken and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matiya Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the remarkable work he has done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statement and the distribution of the longer version of the national statement.
Mr. Chebani (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in welcoming your election as Chairman of the First Committee, the Committee on Disarmament and International Security Questions.
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to submit an analytical report to the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at its next session on existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, on their role, and to identify areas where additional international standards might be needed to help the Working Group to fulfil its mandate to prepare complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, within the framework of the basic principles of its legal system, consider the establishment of a procedure whereby persons convicted of crimes covered by this Convention may be disqualified for a period determined by its domestic law by order of a court or any other appropriate means, in accordance with the gravity of the offence:
Such joint investigations may be agreed upon on a case-by-case basis without such agreements or arrangements.
The position of nuclear-weapon States has hardly changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) on the adequacy of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) at the end of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, on the contrary, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the emancipation of peoples remain a sacred responsibility.
It needs the attention of the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, while there is a strong normative framework on mines, the instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will contribute significantly to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not carried out large-scale investigations, marking or demining operations.
In the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support binding international instruments that regulate unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promoting the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach that identifies the importance of regional approaches to resolving the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national information campaigns for urban poor partner organizations to support NGOs, governments at all levels and with sub-partner organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, and national advocacy committees have been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, and regional commissions have been established.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of the operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution of the Council, established a Committee of Permanent Representatives as an inter-sessional subsidiary body of the Council for immediate entry into force.
We will betray our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa awaits a multi-donor response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 148 as at 1 December 2003
The negative security assurances are that the nuclear-weapon States guarantee against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most courts are not functioning and most basic facilities are damaged or looted.
Training on integrated logistics concept will also be provided to persons concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
A voter who has not registered a certificate of permanent residence at the date of the election shall have the right to vote in the territorial Government of the place in which it was finally registered.
Similarly, women have access to special education programmes and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide for the development of general and functional labour skills for students with physical and mental development and special needs, as well as vocational education.
The present model of social security is based on the fact that the payment of social taxes is a prerequisite for obtaining a majority of social security.
Under the Social Security Act, any person who has lived in the Republic of Latvia for the last 12 months, but not less than 60 months of the day (with the exception of a person who has a personal code of Latvian citizenship, a non-citizen, an alien and a stateless person), has the right to receive a national social security allowance for persons with disabilities.
Currently, the amount of the national allowance provided by Latvia for children born prior to 1 January 1999 is as follows: the first birth 4.25 Latvia, the second birth 5.10 Latvia, or a 1.2-fold increase, third embryonic 6.80 Latvia or 1.6 times more, and the fourth and subsequent embryonic births are 7.65 Latvian or 1.8 times higher.
Disarmament remains key to making progress in the peace process under the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan has also financed the United Nations fact-finding mission in connection with this project, which was sent last year.
The conditions of validity applicable to general legal acts relate to the legality of the person in the law of treaties and are fully applicable to the generally recognized conduct, in particular the recognition of the conduct of the State.
In particular, the question is whether the State of the act could modify, suspend or withdraw it unilaterally.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties related to the assessment or possible implementation of GHG mitigation options.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage organizations of the United Nations system to improve their procurement measures, in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors registered with another United Nations system, inter alia, by using the Internet and by publishing their procurement information on their respective websites;
I will return to this issue later.
Therefore, my delegation would like to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive impact in order to promote this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be concluded only if the democratic transition process that the other countries of the Great Lakes region are progressing.
However, nothing will prevent the extension of this new Great Lakes Community to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We take note of the considerable progress made in the negotiation of a draft resolution dealing with this concern.
In the area of health and sustainable development, the plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing affordable energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affect the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote the rights of rural women in access to resources, especially land, legacy and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation in combating terrorism and national action should be conducted in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate has been further in-depth in the Bonn-Berlin process, with a focus on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and related air-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects that the visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the self-governing arrangement can take place with full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on a matter of great importance to Australia and, as my Fiji colleague, the Pacific Islands Forum countries.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance to these efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has been affected by the devastating consequences of the proliferation of small arms, whose social devastation is evident in the Solomon Islands of Papua New Guinea's neighbours.
New Zealand's support to the Transition Group is a complement to our continued commitment to providing other assistance to the people of Bougainville, which is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“Peops!
The United Nations has played a role in an international system composed of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased programmes of informal, adult and long-range education throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address, in updating workload standards, the level of self-revision should be determined to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
He responded to a number of specific questions, stating that the movement of natural persons was being addressed through requests for and approval procedures for the negotiation of services.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel, in defiance of repeated calls by the United Nations and the international community for its cessation of violations and acts of aggression and disregard for the dangers and consequences of such actions by Lebanon, which continue, in many cases in depth, in the territory of Lebanon, in the intimidation and torture of Lebanese civilians and in the causing of material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kate Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account the negative impact of their own policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of the socio-economic commitments contained in the Peace Agreement.
Terrorism groups are intimately linked to transnational criminal networks, and the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions in order to combat all kinds of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), continued activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in the list.
It was pleased that some of the recommendations it had made to that end, in particular with regard to the establishment of aid funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Tourism Organization successfully organized 10 regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Almost 1,000 participants from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to make it easier for various stakeholders in the field of ecotourism, especially those who did not participate in the regional preparatory meetings that had already been held, to share experiences and make observations.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of various issues.
UNICEF Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources throughout the country, laying the foundation for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource base for new missions to rapidly equip the future, remarkable progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that applicable legal issues were essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on those issues in order to assist and guide legislators and other users.
Removal of candidatures
His delegation was of the view, however, that the decision to retain or delete the attached footnote should be taken in conjunction with the discussion in chapter V.
The following is a draft strategy developed to fulfil the commitments made in thessaloniki, which is available to delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
In his opening remarks, the President of the ninth session expressed his gratitude to the Parties for such confidence in him and for the efforts made by his predecessor, Mr. T.R. Barru and the members of the Bureau during his term of office.
The Conference of the Parties is now able to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limitation and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the crucial role of the Economic and Social Council in the systematic implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events effectively identify the way forward for all of us to eradicate poverty, promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the action already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system in order to bypass thematic clusters covering the priority areas of the partnership, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such processes with a view to promoting coordinated responses by the United Nations system in support of partnerships;
If this amount is not used, the exchange rate used in this table is indicated in United States dollars only for the sake of comparison, at mid-August 1990 rates, as shown in volume 45 (April 1991) of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics.
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost profits of USD 70,787,6804, USD 146,724, USD 7,155,489, and USD 126,344, respectively in six contracts.
Furthermore, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel determines that the date of loss took place on 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as that date was the date on which the claimant lost control of the assets in question.
In addition, KNPC was requested to reimburse ABB for the costs incurred or commitments made to third parties before the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes, within the scope of the present draft articles, a number of issues that have not been addressed in the articles on Responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model and take into account some earlier work done by the Commission on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission take into account the following:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself and loss of profits and tourism (para. 174 above), sub-paragraph (13) and (14)
The report therefore focuses on outcomes or outcomes and does not emphasize the negotiating processes of those instruments or the attitude of States in the negotiation process or in the conclusion of them.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition would vary depending on the specific type of recognition.
Methods of work
Therefore, the definition of objections should reflect the true intention of the objecting State, rather than the legal effect of an objection to a reservation under the Vienna Convention.
Unless the treaty otherwise provides or is otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation shall become effective against that State or organization only if a notification of withdrawal has been received by a Contracting State or a contracting organization.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was stated that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the question of the creation and interrelationship of international judicial bodies.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, ibid., pp. 260-266.
See P.H. Imbert, “Reservations to Multilateral Treaties”, Pedone Press, 1979, p. 288 or Frank Horn, Paris, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-224, cited.
The Commission considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of modification, suspension and cancellation of unilateral acts was also examined, i.e. whether States could modify, suspend or abolish unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 have been detained for more than 20 years, and the world is the longest prisoner of war.
However, some relevant officials seem interested in restoring these services and exploring the possibility of restoring common services in the area of recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the management of premises and facilities and conference services, which can be used for the reference of the VIC common services.
A/C.5/38/87 of 7 December 1983.
However, the United Nations, in collaboration with civil society organizations, could become more creative, forward-looking and more important in conflict prevention and building sustainable peace.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar held at the Valley, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and taking note of his concern about the cases before the territorial courts,
Acting for this purpose under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such a case, the Pyongyang law is appropriate to the land of the area where the situation of the soil is likely to benefit most.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, Sea WiFS has also made it possible to conduct global measurements of rich terrestrial and marine plants, thereby providing baseline measurements for a period of five years for a major model of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere in the light of a multi-mers-life support system.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest level of government in order to provide scientists with spatial data in a number of research and applications;
However, an increasing number of people are increasingly breaking silence and acting more actively against this policy that impedes normal relations with the family and with Cuba.
Efforts are under way to develop an exception to common law, which can be defined as a serious crime within this framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See paragraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, 8 were deployed to four districts (1 General Service per district and 1 United Nations Volunteer).
Other subsectors will be composed of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer and two national staff support.
Issues not covered by other items allocated to the Third Committee in the agenda of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: now, half of children born in Norway are married.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in the context of the mutual awareness of the rape and the victim, which is another reason for the very few allegations.
Article 3 483 - 500 100
This situation has been created by cultural patterns and the social status of women, but this has also been the case in the selection of occupations with low demand in the labour market.
At the same time, the low expenditure on rural household registration (3 per cent lower than income) shows that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention 135 (1971) on Workers' Representatives stipulates that the same manner as employees' representatives shall protect the welfare of trade union representatives and workers' representatives, since both represent the individual and collective interests of workers that are respected by the principles of national legislation.
Data on communicable diseases (excluding prevalence and AIDS) in Montenegro, 1992-2001
Contents
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region on the basis of a change in the situation and Israeli policies and the existence of two States, Palestine and Israel.
1.2 With regard to the enactment of the Act, the financing or financing of terrorist acts should be punished; domestic legislation should be adapted to the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The law enforcement and defence of the specific institutions of the State, namely the Chilean armed forces and the police of the military, are not restricted by the general subjective ban mentioned in point 2.
Mr. Twinning (United States of America): The United States wishes to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, a draft resolution entitled “Training Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in the early establishment of the Special Chamber.
However, there is no reason to avoid the reciprocity of the responsibility of a State for the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Consequently, El Salvador judges, regardless of their low level, have an independent hearing of the cases submitted to them.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom that had subsequently been reported as “illegal, politically unacceptable”; under that arrangement, the two countries would discuss what European Union aviation measures should apply to the Territory and should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and the promotion of existing international rules and responsibilities in the area of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular in support of the reintegration and resettlement of former combatants and in support of electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs sustained support, as well as the development of improved child protection strategies.
These issues pose major challenges to the informal or formal role of youth in forestry.
It was hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations would redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forest issues.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, sect. IV, sect. B)
I am not grateful for the cooperation and support of members in this regard.
The oceans have a tremendous impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, showed the usefulness of the Forum, and the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, decided to make the process for a further three years.
While all efforts have been made, the problems caused by pollution of the marine environment are unfortunately still far from resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are still a number of specific issues in the area of ocean activity that require continued and concerted action by the international, regional and national levels.
The Conference marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, since it would mark the tenth anniversary of the institution's establishment.
According to the Office of the Attorney-General, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
A number of additional work has been planned to strengthen security guards at the premises (infiltration glass, promotion of television monitors and public broadcasting systems in the garage and the top of the roof).
Conclusions
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange for the inclusion in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council of the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, as appropriate, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, in the agenda of other organs or bodies of the United Nations.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has established a dedicated web site for the observance of Human Rights Day activities on the United Nations website, which is linked to resources on related issues.
National human rights institutions play an important role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and should therefore encourage those institutions to continue and, where possible, enhance their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who owns or uses radio or television equipment for illegal purposes or any designed or modified electronic means to send or receive a signal that only one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment shall be punishable.
Recalling the results achieved over the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reforms and make their proposals for reform.
The right of veto is in flagrant violation of the principle of the principle of sovereign equality between States, as set out in the Charter, as well as of the principles of impartiality and democracy.
However, because of the position of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not acted on Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as the threats and possible trends posed by your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations remains seized of this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of the Board's further review of issues such as the memorandum of understanding, pre-deployment inspection, arrival inspection, verification reports and staff resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people and create employment opportunities for them, action plans should take fully into account the impact of ICT on each priority element.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize the obligations of States parties under the various international instruments on human rights to which they are parties, and must not be construed as modifying their obligations.
Human rights defenders protested or sentenced to the application of laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, who themselves became the subject of security legislation in many countries.
In comparison with previous national communications, the third briefing by Parties has significantly improved the structure and policy and measures of the information.
They described steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level meetings will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all members of the Conference and to non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to requests from the mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture, covering chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, the report of the Secretary-General on institutional processes in the context of Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to the cases to be appointed, the right to decide in the prequalification of other cases.
It has prepared draft rules of procedure of the Board, terms of reference of the Panel and special contract agreements for experts serving on the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to conduct substantive discussions at its fortieth session in October 2002 on various issues raised by the preliminary Secretariat survey (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even with more than 10 per cent of the transmission rate, as in Uganda, can reverse the upward trend in transmission rates.
That is not sufficient.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA has received from programme countries that it supports, as well as the recognition that the mobilization of funds is a shared responsibility of UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/2210/Add.6-9, 13, 14, 20, 24, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 3, 21, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-41 and 45; S/1999/25/Add.4, 19, 42 and 49; S/1997/40/Add.3, 42 and 50; and S/2000/40/Add.1;
Fourthly, the military revolution has emerged, arms are increasingly complex and the boundaries between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee agreed unanimously to this schedule.
This time demonstrates that the time period for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people is indeed stipulated, but that should be synchronized with the political process to achieve the sovereign Iraqi Government.
This may lead to inconsistencies in demands and to other problems for enterprises, which make enterprises vulnerable to information for different purposes open.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices that are members of the United Nations country team have an important role to play in this regard.
Examination procedures should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment methodology is used, the IPCC good practice guidance should be taken into account before access to the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary meeting.
Once this work has been completed, we should — and I hope we can — work in the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), under paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, that is, the process aimed at determining the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations security management system in the field” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to the acquisition of the United Nations consolidated building by means of a pre-lease purchase agreement with the United Nations, at the end of which the building and the land occupied by the building will be owned by the United Nations;
Environmental reports and social reports must be verified so as to ensure their credibility.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and the EFTA countries and members of the European Economic Area align themselves with this statement.
Regional organizations and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) contributed significantly to the meeting.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and developing countries' negotiating capacity by sharing knowledge of issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) greater participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
The cooperation between UNDP and the regional commissions has also improved in some areas; however, the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP must be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coherence in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia has had an impact on the demand and supply of global commodities and has indirectly affected Africa.
Various efforts have been made to ensure consistency in the policy of the Consultative Group, the round tables and the country-level development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the linkages between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent drought and the coffee crisis in Chandan and Managua and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will take place within the framework of an integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must have more than 24 years of age.
Many major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial market and terms of trade, the control of the effects of environmental pollution, the risk of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food and rapid urbanization, are of course governance issues requiring international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal was to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue notice in advance of the launch of the spacecraft and its object and basic parameters.
4.5 Through joint investment by the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects for poor rural communities have been introduced, focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in areas 2 and 3.
However, only 7 per cent of births were delivered by women in the interior with the help of doctors.
It was also noted that the pilot plants produced UDMH, a more effective and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has expanded significantly over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the misuse of international asylum systems and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
The online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesian mainland has been the victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the largest terrorist attack in Bali on 12 October 2002 and the recent attack in the Malian hotel on 5 August 2003.
To deal with the major cases, the mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — national Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to change the exchange rate to all or all of Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the Committee shall apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations in the enforcement of sentences,4 but it is understood that future budgetary requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided in support of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Order No. 134 of the Prime Minister of 5 May 2000, the responsibility for the preparation of a national report on United Nations human rights conventions was entrusted to a cross-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A more detailed report will be provided after the session, reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
3 The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Oxford Human Development Report 2000, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada promoted action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms in the light of their common desire.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training sessions for a total of 631 trainers, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, depository librarian and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall notify the headquarters of the bank or financial institution of the matter so that a computer system can be established to properly track the movement of the currency.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, particular emphasis will continue to be placed on addressing the technical cooperation needs of LDCs within the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-Agency Trade-related Technical Assistance and on expanding South-South trade and export-driven poverty reduction activities.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintain resources for language training at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Institutions Appointments Act
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and continuing education of lawyers and judges fully includes an understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in this regard.
Currently, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established in many federal states, as the fight against trafficking in persons can only be successful through close cooperation with the various units.
(1) The adoption by States parties of temporary special measures aimed at accelerating the realization of de facto equality between men and women shall not be deemed to be discrimination within the meaning of this Convention, nor shall they lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; they shall be discontinued after the achievement of equal opportunities and treatment between men and women.
In category B, the proportion of women in German staff is 52.94 (117 women and 104 men), in category C (approximately equivalent to intermediate services), and 53.72% (375 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons raising children have contributed to society at large.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure, on the basis of equality of women and men:
Total income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to exacerbate tensions and thus attacks on Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor in the area of Tedza, Ukraine (2.2 million inhabitants).
• Under article 500 of the Penal Code, if a person who fails to identify a person who has actually committed a terrorist act shall be held accountable for the offence.
Official Journal No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
It is an outstanding question as to whether the depositary should also communicate the reasons for the reservation to the other States parties when transmitting a message that is inadmissible.
Needless to say, the depositary will become a custodian of the fact that it may lose the “post office” of which it has been established, which is wrong under the current law and is not desirable under the proposed law.
Therefore, the Committee is urged to pay greater attention to situations in which the activities of foreign ships may result in liability, to the corresponding prevention cooperation efforts of flag States, registered States and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, as a first step, legislation was increasingly characterized by self-contained regimes in areas of international law, such as environmental and economic law, and that, as a first step, the Commission could fully investigate rules and mechanisms for dealing with potentially conflicting norms found in relevant international instruments, and then analyse rules of general international law, in particular relevant treaty law rules, in order to determine whether they were adequate.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to clarify the conceptual links between these two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on mandates and activities.
In order to avoid conflict, UPDF withdrew from the Yambio camp and police headquarters in the town.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to seek compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
In recent years, efforts to achieve peace in the Middle East have been largely outside the Council.
In particular, policymakers want to ensure that there is sufficient representation of researchers with a view to meeting the increased demand that countries expand their scientific capacity and focus more on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The subsequent biennial cycle will focus on each policy session.
Policy papers of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness and the need for capacity-building and measures, inter alia, to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
Parties and parties to armed conflict shall take all feasible preventive measures in areas under their control affected by explosive remnants of war to prevent groups of civilians, individual civilians and civilian objects from the hazards and effects of explosive remnants of war.
There should be a regular, in-depth test of stored explosive ordnance to ensure that the ammunition is expected.
Welcoming also the active and strengthened review process for the first session of the Preparatory Committee for the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
While we pursue the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and that democratic processes and due process are not trampled.
Such reporting would help sanctions committees to measure compliance with sanctions and to identify technical assistance needed by States to improve implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 in the work programmes of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The introduction of a multi-digit approach to staff resources, as implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), including through the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office of Human Resources Management, to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large or complex emergencies, and to recruit staff from United Nations backup staff, including high-level reserve staff.
This gives WHO sufficient qualifications to benefit from the World Bank in the capacity of funding agencies and to coordinate the relationship between the representatives of WHO in Dili and the experts who have been seconded by UNTAET from WHO (although only a fraction of the funding provided for WHO's overall activities in East Timor).
Details are provided in the report of the Secretary-General of 4 October 1999 S/1999/1024.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Millar (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The recent emphasis by the EU in its Common External and Security Policy on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign of the great desire for our joint efforts to be at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-handling devices.
He welcomed UNCTAD's report's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Advisory Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
As the Conference on Disarmament is facing an impasse, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that can discuss the guiding principles of disarmament — will, as always, serve as a framework for effective and fruitful exchanges.
Since the inception of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously launch practical ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece on behalf of the States members of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it does not contain a total ban on landmines, but its progressive approach has gained broad support from the major users and major producers of mines.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and that a diplomat who has been nominated to serve as an important post in the Oai (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) has been nominated for me.
The Government of the Congo believes that the draft UNCITRAL model legislative provisions on privately financed infrastructure projects represent real progress and would enable States to harmonize their legislation, and the Government of the Congo is pleased that the Commission had decided to consolidate the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including the date and venue
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document of the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme
Mine action is one of the priorities of Ukrainian peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing mines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for the consolidation of peace and the commencement of reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to clear mines and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate on mines.
Progress in the implementation of the HIPC Initiative was extremely difficult and slow, with cumbersome procedures and even countries that had reached the end of the process unlikely to feel that they were at a sustainable level of debt at the end of the process.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used by headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
A prisoner who has served his sentence for the last four months of imprisonment may be subjected to electronic monitoring.
UNEP noted its support for the work of the Centre in the area of crime prevention and expressed its hope for future cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit Conference, I think it is my duty to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can convey to the members of the Security Council, so that they take our position into account in the consideration of the above issues.
If we continue to work on the basis of these fundamental points, I am sure that we can outline a new vision of global security: human rights are respected in the face of threats to our time, including threats of terrorism.
The remainder will be reported in several instalments.
2 The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with the full category “C” original claims and the groups in this total: that is, with Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinian claimants submitted by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review is to provide brief and highly generic information on a number of issues that are representative of United Nations technical cooperation in order to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this argument, competition between United Nations technical cooperation providers can lead to choice, whereas overall coherence is achieved through the country programme formulation process.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to work with relevant human rights institutions, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in accordance with Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism, with due regard to the promotion and protection of human rights;
The concept of a culture of peace includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and mutual understanding between States and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, and today, the range of values, beliefs, traditional practices, patterns of conduct and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace have become an integral part of almost all major initiatives in national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces may refrain from using dormant cluster bombs that may be high.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by those organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It should not be allowed to cover States that are committed to and glorify terrorism by submitting lengthy national reports.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the safety of the staff of the Agency, in the protection of the Agency's institutions and in the maintenance of its facilities;
Control of precursors
Following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” on agenda item 107 entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes a provision for continuing nationality until the date of the request, which is relevant to individuals and which shall be extended on judicial grounds to legal persons.
However, there are still vulnerable employees who are excluded from the deregulation of the labour market for a decade and are almost unprotected by trade unions, although there are allegations of violations of good will, mediation through employment relations legislation has led to a number of confrontations in industrial relations, and to the settlement of disputes in other areas, such as human rights and the environment.
Her delegation acknowledged that the imposition of a ceiling on paid parental leave would restrict the participation of some fathers in the programme, especially in view of the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In order to counteract pressures from male rights groups, New Zealand has worked to focus on children who are out of marriage or relations.
In their view, the Interim Chemical Review Committee has been able to have sufficient and clear information sufficient to make recommendations by consensus and to ensure that all relevant criteria included in chrysotile asbestos have been met and that the relevant procedures have been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contribution of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital inflows to developing countries
The first net inflow was due to the rapid growth in the financial deregulation of industrialized countries and in the European dollar market.
In the 1990s, the official “saving” operation became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt-servicing capacity issues, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementation of the HIPC II: Meeting of the HIPC Ministers with the Bretton Woods institutions to express concerns over the HIPC Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, 27 September 2002, Washington, D.C., www.dri.org.uk.
(h) A common integrated third-party insurance plan should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387 para. 56) refers to two sets of measures recommended: improving the quality of reports and analyses produced by special procedures, including the designation of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and selection of candidates, developing better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and strengthening the capacity of the Organization to support special procedures, including by appointing more senior professional staff and providing good administrative support.
It is encouraging, however, that there are currently 14 women's representatives from 99 deputies in the National Assembly, while one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council is female.
At present, the number of enrolments at the lower secondary level (secondary level) has surpassed the absorptive capacity of the existing education infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan specifically designed for women, the Royal Government is committed to integrating measures related to women's participation in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare because Bhutan does not, unlike many other countries, prohibit divorce.
The action taken to combat such transactions would involve the transfer of sex workers to the underground, so that they would not be able to monitor and deal with, or provide advice on, HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Royal Government of Bhutan
There is widespread recognition that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of ICT in all countries and bridge the digital divide.
Finally, the areas in which agreements have been concluded and unresolved issues have been resolved in order to draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property, adopted by the Commission on International Law at its forty-third session, and to prepare a universally acceptable instrument, based on the discussions and discussions in the Open-ended Working Group and the Ad Hoc Committee of the Sixth Committee, and to recommend a format for the instrument.
Both hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and suffered widespread damage; the second hotel had been used as a centre for the detention of hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the third claim hotels were widely burned by Iraqi forces.
In this way, for example, in the case of three claims filed by persons operating in Kuwait's hotel, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concluded that, in view of the nature of the institutions administered in each case, the extent to which significant losses were incurred, the period of reconstruction and the improvement measures as part of the repair, the first and second claimants claimed that they had incurred on 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991, as well as the date of compensation claimed by the third claimant for January 1993.
The calculation of the intrinsic value of commercial securities should be forecast of cash flows and reserves by determining the expected profit and loss stream on the assumption.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of local civilians and those participating in humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of laws, science and art, and indeed to human civilization.
It is clear that such contributions to Iraqi friends who share a common value with the Iraqi people should respond to the wishes and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
Gross national income per capita fell to almost half of 2000.
6 Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Occupied Territories (UNSCO) on 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and that the projections for 2004-2005 be approved, taking into account the information referred to in paragraph 8 above.
As a result, there were resignations, as was the case in two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
United Nations
Source: Based on the statistics of the Spanish Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Education of the State Statistical Office.
In the area of overall mortality in the population, 371,102 people were killed in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The Network is composed of professionals and seeks to promote the inclusion of the specific issues of women's health in the preparation of programmes and in the conduct of research.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments to the situation cited above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
Undoubtedly, this issue poses a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States has insisted on setting 18 as the minimum age for forced recruitment or use by State actors for hostilities.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts of the Board in monitoring the implementation of relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular by:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be considered to be efficient when the effectiveness of the public sector is consistent with the objectives guiding its functioning.
It was so decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to that view, a comprehensive approach could not produce a constructive outcome.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, which is the “third-party” Supplementary Fund.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Administrator explaining the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003), concerning the orderly transfer of authority to the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (text)
Promotion of the right of everyone to culture and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or through knowledge generated by “bilateral learning” in the implementation of the project.
While it is very rare to translate the increased awareness and knowledge into behavioural change, they can usefully complement and enhance the information and actions of various other interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the area of Bouaké, the Forces nouvelles did not allow for the full freedom of movement of military liaison officers; in Man and Buna, they allowed only controlled access by military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide additional expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue supporting the work of the Centre in this regard through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In a diplomatic process that seeks to find a peaceful solution to the crisis in Iraq within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and reiterates that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I also wish to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions. The voting was as follows:
The text of the resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to spare no effort to improve the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, it was equally aware that the change in baseline data was a serious matter that could be accepted only if the Committee had exhausted its full view that there were substantial grounds for change and that the Committee had developed a way to submit applications for future applications, which would be spelled out in a decision proposed.
He concluded by noting that, in the context of the simultaneous changes in the two large atmospheric changes, the environmental impact made us all the more justified in our efforts to protect the ozone layer: the faster the rate of success we have achieved, the less the damage caused.
(ii) In addition to the essential uses that may be approved by the Party, the consumption of methyl bromide was terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the terms of the reduction plan;
In a port security programme, the Netherlands has signed expressions of interest in strengthening cooperation with Colombia, including between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed has not received an appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such case, the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings until the arbitral tribunal heard a statement by the parties]; or
It was further explained that the intention of the draft amendment was to allow the Court to have discretion in rejecting recognition and enforcement of an interim measure, and that the Court should not only be satisfied that there was a major problem, but also that the issue was an appropriate basis for rejecting implementation and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of that provision should avoid unnecessary deviations from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In this regard, the Working Group believes that it should also be left to applicable procedural law.
This does not contradict the uniformity that the model provisions seek to achieve if a State is less likely to refuse implementation.
C. Decisions on the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (the “Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously concluded that Internet commodity advertising was only intended to be an invitation (invitatio ad hoc of interestendum) and considered that a binding contract was only established when the seller accepted the buyer's offer (an offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Department is responsible for the following anti-money laundering investigations, in accordance with section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Decree-Law No. 153 of 26 May 1997, through the Financial Police Unit, which is authorized to do so:
It is quite clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy or, in any case, within the jurisdiction of the Italian criminal law.
The first counts
(Signed) Mr. NGUIE MBOB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as a national court in Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqi and Freiz Deliu all come from the Vitina City and are accused of terrorist acts, illegal weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated that the Joint Liaison Group should invite the secretariats of the Ramsar Convention, as appropriate, to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; that the SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical papers prepared by the IPCC on the interlinkages between biodiversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work of cooperation among the Convention; and noted the interest of the Parties in identifying areas and activities related to collaboration in the preparation of the document, in conjunction with the activities of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
Harvard University (Winter in 2003): Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Filipe Hommer delivered a course entitled “Justice Empowerment”, analysing how the Public Prosecutor's functions in the application of public law and private law and reviewing the various ways of prosecuting officials at the national and international levels of crime, and organizing a seminar on “Human rights, international business, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to achieving a more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the GEF entity operating the financial mechanism, taking into account lessons learned from projects and programmes financed by the Global Environment Facility, in an effort to simplify these guidance and to report on the results of this dialogue to the COP at its tenth session;
It should serve as a framework for country-driven actions to address the specific needs and circumstances of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, in view of the devastation caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that, in order to re-evaluate the country's rate of assessment for 2003, it would be preferable to prepare the current scale of assessments using the United Nations operational rates of exchange rather than price adjustments.
The European Union was of the view that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, adjustments to some assessments should not, in any case, result in an increase in the membership of other Member States in the scale of assessments adopted by the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized and unintegrated territory of the United States of America.
The Civil Rights Code, inter alia, lists the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns expressed in recent years is the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of civilian rights and interests by all parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the warring parties to pursue lasting peace.
In consultation with the “Montreal International” and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada, a senior diplomat was seconded for one year by the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Communications Network.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting Gedo and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the modification of the Security Council Sanctions Committee and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amiri Decree of 7 January 1979 on the Ministry of Education
As a result of the review, OIOS terminated 9 of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving in the General Assembly: members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In the case of any offence to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
Unless the State Party to which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees that, regardless of the nationality of the person, he or she may not be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction on his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred for purposes of his or her conduct, omission or conviction before leaving the territory of the State from which he or she was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public service management, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall provide to the Conference of the States Parties, at its request, information on its programmes, plans and practices and legislative and administrative measures taken to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist peacefully and peacefully within recognized borders.
North-East Asia's position on peace and security and international non-proliferation must not allow North Korea to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there other benefits that help to strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96), providing guidance for countries and other actors on access to prevention, health care and support opportunities in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975 with reservation 1,23.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should commence on 21 April, on the date of their election.
The revised appeal requirements remain modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the achievement of equality between women and men as provided for in article 2, paragraph (2), and article 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to adopt measures at the national level to ensure that home households have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the conservation of the ancestral lands of the song-urban population and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contained a very useful definition of terminology — for example, “from their surface” or “digit place”, which had different meanings in paper and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in achieving the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
Setting the conditions for industrial research and technology development enterprises in Iraq and providing the necessary support for the rehabilitation.
The Arab Labour Organization believes that the following forms of assistance must be provided to all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, businessmen's organizations and workers' organizations:
- The League will provide assistance in the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high- and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources in accordance with their capacity, thereby avoiding increasing reliance on a limited number of donors.
Many of these clearly reflect the alignment with the UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
The Financial Intelligence Unit therefore promotes training programmes related to the prevention of capital legalization and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their production and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that the organization and substantive preparations were scheduled; most unedited advance documentation had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the website of the Committee of Permanent Representatives; and the final version, as approved, would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Add a new preambular paragraph
Official exports were reported to have reached $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one made a statement under the item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure the timely delivery of conference services with the highest cost-effective and timely delivery, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this goal, activities such as the African Development Forum will be carried out, aimed at reaching consensus on important issues of African development and developing a collective African perspective on these issues and on ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr considered that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on girls' education and had increased illiteracy rates, thereby affecting women's employment, and said that urgent remedial measures were clearly needed to that end.
Specific UNICEF support is provided in national cooperation programmes.
The examples cited are only for illustrative purposes and cannot be done.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to keep the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close scrutiny and welcomes the EUPM deployed by the European Union since 1 January 2003.
Shortly, the “United States-led Joint Command” was unilaterally falsely incorporated into the “United Nations Command”, and has been abused to date to violate the sovereignty of a United Nations Member State.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
These consultations included the participation of the Chairperson at the meeting on draft general comments organized by the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 sets out export income data from various sources.
This article sets out the obligation to investigate and prevent persons who commit human cloning.
The Joint Fact-finding Group of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories with appointments of one year or more
Table 1 shows the gender distribution breakdown by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reported to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session on this issue and also proposed policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the model project of the International Family Care Organization, entitled “Safeguarding women's lives: the initiative for skilled care”, was awarded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund for a five-year grant, which greatly enhanced the funding base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association, Mrs. Pâquerette Girard, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges held in North Lawn in November 1999.
This is defined as the long-term or temporary expulsion of a person, a family or a community, in violation of their will, from a house or land in which they live without, or cannot invoke, appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the findings of the recent United Nations and other studies on the analysis of the effects of sanctions have concluded that these exemptions have not produced such effects.
In order to carry out this function effectively, the nature and effect of the Convention must be communicated to the relevant courts or tribunals and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the public accountability system, as is the case for activities financed by the State.
The Committee is of the view that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law, as set out in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(a) National indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources;
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar institutions should be allowed to deal with violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
States parties have generally indicated the manner in which a state of emergency is declared by their legal systems and the provisions of the law applicable to the control of derogation.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), the charges may be presented orally or in writing, provided that the law and facts on which it is based are stated.
In interpreting the scope of the restrictive clauses permitted, the State party should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including those contained in articles 2, 3 and 26, on the basis of equality and non-discrimination on all grounds.
In many instruments of civil and political rights, the interplay between many provisions ensures the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented and, within the framework of the electoral system in each country, the vote surrendered shall be equal.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and practices that may interfere with the enjoyment by women of their right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, in addition to providing that ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice in their own religion or in using their own language, provides for the right of peoples to self-determination.
In order to ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funding, including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions, staff, premises and any financial controls that do not affect their independence.
Government departments can only be consulted.
It is clear that in any future decolonization work, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account.
Therefore, we are not proposing it as a formal draft resolution, but hope that delegations will be given the opportunity to consider it and decide how we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work of the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit it to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006).
Bermuda has three-tiered courts, namely the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act grants British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living, with the highest purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income of persons over 54 was $11,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education in Bermuda is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared to other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrators; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications; officials and members of professional bodies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular to the funds and programmes, whenever possible to make contributions on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need for further exploration of other sources of finance, which are complementary and not alternative to traditional sources;
Takes note of the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, collaboration and coordination, including through further harmonization of the strategic framework, approaches, modalities and partnership arrangements, fully taking into account the priorities of recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring further alignment of United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the strategic frameworks designated by the Bretton Woods institutions, with national poverty reduction strategies, including poverty reduction strategy papers that have been formulated;
Emphasizes the importance of strengthening the institutional capacity of those least developed countries that are affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations and providing adequate support to the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and its subsequent decision to devote the coordination segment of the first meeting to a special review and appraisal of the implementation of those agreed conclusions across the system by 2005,
Also taking into account the programme of work annexed to the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration, which was launched at the Euro-Mediterranean Conference held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, aimed at linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure the interoperability of the two people,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies only through foreign direct investment and other channels does not ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that the following four could be members of the Board of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development, for a four-year term of office: Yin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Marya Pavlo- Sylveskaka (Russian Federation) and Salman Subang (Bangladesh/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend for three years the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in this regard, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti Foundation for Housing and Social Inclusion of Homeless Persons
(d) To take note of the fact that the Committee is no longer considering complaints from States concerning:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide to the Secretariat, six months before the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties, relevant information on the use of the draft format and questionnaire;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedure had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare guidelines for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five speakers made statements on the sub-theme of trafficking trends, with particular emphasis on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, it was reported that traditional forms of rural children's education were placed in urban households, which in some cases became a form of trafficking.
UNITAR workshops in English on the structure of United Nations resolutions and on the drafting and adoption of resolutions
Nor did the inspection indicate any indication of new nuclear facilities or directly supporting any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
States should not have a tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director presented to the Executive Board, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), a final year-end projection that UNOPS had actually achieved better results than that forecast in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Group I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to the facility site abandoned by Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed important, and the First Committee remains an important place for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, several of us, through the Organization of American States, have supported the call to other countries in our region to adhere to or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts is worth taking into account and that, with the authorization of the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations could convene the Panel to carry out specific verification tasks.
In this regard, particular mention should be made of the fact that the Norwegian Refugee Council's Global IDP Project will enhance the use of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
Although the corporation is the main legal person in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may require such protection.
Paragraph 1, paragraph 2, or paragraph 3 of this article applies regardless of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar process is relevant to the dispute that is currently the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for all on their side and for what they have done for the peaceful settlement of the crisis.
However, in order to maximize the impact of the Unit on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it is not sufficient to improve the quality of the development and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed its work for an hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with the provisions of annex V to the Convention, a thematic network (in the amount of $40,000 for consultants and participants); assistance for the holding of the Conference of the Parties to the Northern Mediterranean Countries Ministerial Conference in 2004 (including the cost of consultants, logistics costs and participants' travel to the countries of the Parties affected by the Northern Mediterranean); and the launch of a thematic network ($30,000).
During the continuing dialogue on the future of the islands, the St. Helena Legislative Directorate published 13 draft strategic objectives at the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year aid agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) The maintenance of a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business resulting from the combination of such activity is preparatory or subsidiary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and previous reports will help the Committee to assess the actions taken by Member States and make recommendations for improving existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) For the purposes stated in subparagraph (a), the seizure of a large number of assets or property and the return of the asset or property to the Government or international organization shall be subject to a penalty pursuant to paragraph (1) if the goods or property are not damaged or damaged.
The National Federation of Women's Clubs of the Republic of Korea, Seoul, launched a “on-line monitoring group on gender equality”, reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a lump-sum allowance is determined by the Minister of Labour on an annual basis.
Women still account for over 50 per cent of the agricultural population after 1990, 51.6 per cent in 1998, 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and women have become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity of adoption, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are valid only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion recorded in the summary record began at 2.25 p.m.
In the case of the latter, which will be submitted at any session of the Committee?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the intention of IMF was not to establish a standard, but to recognize the standards already established by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis for inter-State relations; mutual respect and desire for peace are the bonds that connect countries of large and small origin.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special session of the Security Council Committee on Counter-Terrorism with international, regional and subregional organizations, held in March this year, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova presented a summary of the Group's counter-terrorism activities.
It is this information that has led to various summits that have taken place in the Millennium Declaration and in the years since then, including in particular the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summits.
The Rapporteur was also elected by acclamation, following a nomination by the representative of Belize.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that it would be interesting to ask for changes in the allocation of resources between the various language units of the United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4, dealing with LDCs, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue requiring a long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the international development targets for poverty are planned to achieve at least 7 per cent of GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people had no important public service.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of activities and highlight the importance of assessment and implementation of recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not prescriptive.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides an effective opportunity for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to pursue, individually and collectively, sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
Issues and examples of actions under the current agenda item referred to in the various views below.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider the establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group at the request of any African States emerging from conflict, as well as Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, with the financial support of the Gender Equality Information and Policy Centre of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Federation of Christian Women of Belarus, with the support of the United Nations Office in the country, published a brochure entitled “Trafficking in human beings: imagination or reality” in November 2001.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the budget estimates for the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 amount to $5.5 million, of which $429 million is for programme resources, $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration costs.
The cost of the office's operations is drawn from the special-purpose contributions made annually by the Russian Federation to the Foundation (costs designated for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance considered the budget for 2004.
Addendum Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Deng Koon (Ireland)
Takes note of the continuing work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session, as mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5.2 of the Constitution of UNIDO, the request to Lithuania to restore its voting rights was agreed;
Noting with satisfaction the valuable support given by UNIDO to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of comprehensive programmes aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industrial sector, and noting in particular the encouraging results achieved during the pilot phase of the project, which began in 2000,
The analysis provided by the UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa's problems are a long-term problem.
Even if estimates are based on the most optimistic prospects for growth in the world economy, it now seems difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of the trade negotiations at Cancun was another matter of concern.
People working in sanctions committees are fully aware of the fact that the same name appears once and again.
We would like to suggest that this approach be further regularly taken in Africa and elsewhere in the future.
The results of these different discussions should serve as a reference for the Council to deal with the problems it has undertaken.
(d) Increased awareness of criminal justice officials and other persons concerned, in particular through training, of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in detecting and prosecuting such crimes by:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wend Wendland summarizes the work and plans of WIPO on traditional knowledge.
He met again with senior government ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, Chan Sarun and the Minister of Land Administration, Imm Chhunleem.
The proposed programme will require extensive consultations, well-known open debates and active advice to public judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between “legitimate areas” and “real zones”.
With the end of armed conflict, large land has become a highly valuable asset, inducing the military to claim that ownership of the former battlefields and the remote areas under the control of individuals is their possession.
The analytical process leading to the elaboration of the Standard Rules is the result of joint efforts by a number of international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and expert groups affiliated to the Monitoring Mechanism on the Standard Rules.
The support of some of the designated entities was identified in Australia, which is being investigated by relevant Australian authorities.
He noted that while recognizing the differences in national legal systems, cultural diversity and development phases and taking into account them in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, they should not serve as grounds for weakening the attainment of the objectives of the future convention.
A number of mid-term reviews found that awareness-raising activities were too broad and recommended that UNFPA, while maintaining appropriate focus at the country level, select a specific region to undertake focused advocacy.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the Quartet of international mediation — Russian Federation, United States of America, European Union and United Nations publication of the “road map” for peace in the Middle East
Three of the bombings were killed and more than 200 were wounded.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to help complete the transition process and to follow up at the end of the mandate of UNPOB this year.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina referred in particular to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard cited a number of important documents published by the United Nations.
According to its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement socially interested initiatives, such as promoting learning, research, cultural and assistance activities, in order to promote the development of the culture of the anti-blafist party in society, especially among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals in investigative and judicial institutions committed to preventing and combating organized crime.
Section 4
We take note of the ongoing efforts to simplify and harmonize programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach that promotes the rationalization of institutions, the optimal use of resources, the elimination of duplication, enhanced coordination and the setting of standards for oversight and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) A peacekeeping military exercise, “Byongho 2003”, was held in Francisco, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme managers”, insert the words “in accordance with the mandate”.
The Committee is of the view that the repatriation grant to United Nations staff who are retiring has been obsolete for 50 years and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Committee noted that the objective of the merged Chief Executives Board for Coordination secretariat was to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response to the policy directives and mandates of Member States, and looked forward to the implementation by the Chief Executives Board for Coordination of the relevant parts of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
The Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 at its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003.
In this regard, the Committee stresses the need for CEB to keep the issue of inter-agency coordination on the New Partnership for Africa's Development under review.
Responses to the door-to-door transport questionnaire and the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, rail problems must be fully taken into account.
The experts responsible for the establishment of the Network Profile Workshop made important recommendations, which should be considered by the General Assembly.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies from pension to pre-retirement and working age to 37.8 per cent (average 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property
The Claimant further states that the agreement was agreed to by the FIA to be signed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not fully signed as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The report on category D claims covered the review of individual claims for damages exceeding $100,000; the report on category E1 related to the review of claims filed by the oil sector; the report on category E2 claims covered the review of claims filed on behalf of non-Kuwaiti companies and other business entities; the report on category E3 related to the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; the report on category F4 claims covered the review of environmental claims; and the report on Palestinian claims related to the review of claims for individual claims for the review of claims for the review of claims for the claims for the claims for claims for damages for damages for damages for damages for damages for damages for damages for damages of USD 100,000 United Nations.
Decision concerning the payment of the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, to be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) since September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities were initiated in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste disposal plants have been set up in Ethiopia, and a process optimization exercise has been carried out in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, when preparing its reports;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by inserting the dates of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries that are particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons indicate that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity for enforcement
(m) Importers must obtain import licences from their local authorities and copies of export licences to their exporters before import;
(f) States could enhance cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and should take measures at airports, seaports and border areas to ensure the lawfulness of shipments;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to implement a standard computerized debt management system in the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level) ( Linguistic Assistants) — Conference and Language Services Section, from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (case manager)
• Drafting, in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section (art. 61, para. 3 (a)) and legal submissions (especially in relation to evidentiary and procedural issues)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation made by victims who are effectively dealt with by the Section, without undue delay or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance 16 months (P-2)
Therefore, the first half of 2004 will be the time for the Secretariat to be able to complement its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government to provide more information on the health status of women and, as a result, research efforts are under way to obtain sex-disaggregated data in the areas of infant and child mortality, breastfeeding women, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
Nothing in this article shall be interpreted to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude States parties from exercising any criminal jurisdiction established by their domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement this request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not yet been concluded between the States Parties concerned, they may consider mutual law enforcement cooperation against any offence covered by this Convention, on the basis of this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that, if the Convention is implemented in a comprehensive, universal and effective manner, and in the interest of all mankind, through the elimination of the possibility of the use of chemical weapons at all, it will further contribute to this goal;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, where necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination in the United Nations on grounds of nationality, race, sex, religion and language, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the United Nations Staff Regulations and Rules, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds-Sharif) and to give due consideration to the recommendations in accordance with that resolution;
Strengthening public administration capacity to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Burkina Faso is also a country of extreme poverty even in terms of the criteria of developing countries, and the box provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between initiatives and work towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you stopped the listed individuals at entry points or at transit?
Another speaker said that time had come for greater efforts to inform the world of the wide impact of the work of the United Nations.
Regulation environment 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: tax-free periods, reduced or waived taxes on profits, capital, labour, sales, value-added and imports; and other rewards: for example, infrastructure subsidies and public utilities.
In particular, in the implementation of cluster development programmes, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could result in savings in the length of the proposed discussion.
The range of activities during this period is wide.
The inclusion of the concept of gender mainstreaming in the budget document for the first time in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 was undertaken with the adoption of the agreed conclusions of the Economic and Social Council (1997) and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly called for all bodies dealing with the programme and budget, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, the medium-term plan and the programme budget were clearly mainstreamed.
We cannot ignore facts.
Israel has not stopped the destruction of property, confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youths, the closure of roads, the construction of tunnels for Israeli settlements, restricted actions and all other measures that allowed extremist Jews to enter Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern at the increasing restrictions on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians in accordance with its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations by attacks and threats against humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and associated personnel,
Stressing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal and that the work of the Tribunal should be directed towards achieving the desired results, with due consideration to the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in activities of the United Nations system: annual statements by the President to the General Assembly; participation in meetings within the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
Five other cases concerned seven accused; one accused in the Semanza case, one in Niyitegeka, one accused in the Kamuhanda case, one accused in the Kajelijeli case and three accused in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a United States citizen, had been arrested and sentenced for three years in an attempt to interfere with the radio and television programmes; that the Australian citizen Nancy Chen had been abducted by agents of the State Security Service of China; that Yui Zhang was preparing and publishing an article on the situation of China's Falun Gong member; and that 16 had been sentenced for demonstrations before the Chinese Government's office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities of their responsibility in responding to Islamophobia and hostility towards the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur underlines the serious nature of these allegations and notes that this has not been the first communication concerning such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not responded to their communications.
The concept of freedom of information is in itself an important element of one of the most basic human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries will realize their greatest aspirations to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must become the base of the Global Alliance against Terrorism.
I am sure that, before attempting to modernize United Nations instruments, serious analyses and careful judgements must first be undertaken.
The authorities have been set up, as is the case with the cassava.
These indicators enable the ministries of health or other agencies to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have made the Special Rapporteur more determined to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and that those responsible for systematic violations of human rights are brought to justice for several decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of the Mine Action Capacity Building Project (Goal 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations outer space treaty in order to avoid discussing the issue at the same time in two forums.
Governments and private creditors' associations involved in the Group of Ten have developed a series of model clauses.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein gives rise to knowledge of or suspicion of involvement in money-laundering.
The Panel will carry out this task by continuing discussions at its meetings on specific issues selected by the London Group.
In this regard, the pilot project on the establishment of the United Nations radio broadcasting capacity is in its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are designed to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade promotion, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2003).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter addressed to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General is still awaiting a letter from the Government of Israel regarding his investigation of the death of Mr. Hook, a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the revised draft general recommendation 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Alternative B will have a serious negative impact on the process.
The web site, protected by password, became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate to protect civilians and promote and protect human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shares the views of France and Germany and believes that the problem of cloning will in any way affect.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions are now available to provide financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Implementing measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As at 31 December 2002, only half a G-5 post at Headquarters was responsible for the oversight of the health insurance plan, and in 2003 a new post should better control the expenditure of the health insurance plan that was delegated to the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 is a reserve for 2001 to write off amounts paid to implementing partners for the long-outstanding period 1994-1990.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) sufficient extrabudgetary resources are available for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of a monitoring mechanism for the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and to adhere to the Habitat Agenda monitoring policies and strategies that have been implemented.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify the relevant legislation to develop or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported on steps taken to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status to national authorities by UNHCR.
Following the Algiers meeting, the African Union Commission accorded high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the Caribbean Community Secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been facing attacks on large-scale international terrorism and extremism, which, in the view of the indivisibility of the global threat, cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts to combat it.
The IDB applies international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Amendments to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 20031
Children under the age of 9 are not criminally liable.
Under the Penal Code, any person engaged in the sale, sale or any other kind of illegal transaction of a child shall be criminally liable.
Background
There are no multi-purpose and “time relative” problems in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing occurrence of various forms of violence by persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, abductions, abductions, harassment and illegal arrests and detention, as well as attacks against humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer products
Tomuschat believes that the purpose of the treaty to establish a general regime of strict or objective liability is only to deal with activities of extreme danger.
In this case, however, the injured party is the whole country.
A choice must be made between the law of the approving State and the law of the injured State.
The “Amoco Cadiz case” demonstrates the Court's approach in measuring environmental damage.
The company Indiana-American oil company is also unlikely to be liable voluntarily.
(i) Decree No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other transactions involving financial transactions (banks, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, stock securities companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following work programmes.
Other operational activities, such as in the area of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be undertaken, subject to the availability of resources.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you of my full cooperation with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of the general public.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Matt Company
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements are separated from civilian refugees and that the registration of refugees is improved.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be preferable to engage in in in-depth discussions on the issue of globalization and to review specific aspects in more detail.
International Mining and Metal Council
2003/21 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering has played a key role in facilitating the illegal transfer of arms to groups that cannot be purchased by legitimate means; they have embargoed States and groups, insurgents, organized criminal elements and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matiya Mumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda for the manner in which he led the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized cooperative service structures
• International Law Research Institute — African Centre for Legal Excellence (Kuala Lumpur, Uganda)
The experience of the World Bank in Andhra, India, shows how the decentralization of SMART (goods, ethics, credibility, accountability and transparency) in the form of governance is using the Internet for reforms such as the Integrated Information Centre for Citizens Services and the digitization of contractual registration.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to pursue the objectives, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Alliance Agreement states that, after the debate on self-government in the spring of this year, the Government will take a decision on whether to establish a governmental entity/sector to deal with self-government matters and on whether to hold a referendum on self-government issues.
The improvement of their conditions has been a top political priority.
To this end, incentives for employment must be strengthened.
The benefit programme is based on equality of opportunity.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports of ongoing violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a widely recognized indigenous organization.
In that connection, the seminar had played a significant role, including the presence of a representative of the United Kingdom, who, in his own words, was personally aware of the real ideas of the Anguillans regarding the option of self-determination.
At the request, a special compendium of companies on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals has been prepared for the following agencies: UNFPA (women's reproductive health), Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (Humanitarian Issues), Refugee Commissioner (refugee), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (information technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support intensified cooperation and coordination between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussion explored how to support ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and expressions of support for addressing these issues during the session, in particular with regard to identifying measures to improve competitiveness, diversifying and increasing the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first of which was the Latin American and Caribbean Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial administration, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions on non-compliance with the provisions of the report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognizes the needs that can be addressed most effectively through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by the Governing Council of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, under Article 3 of the General Procedures for Management of the operations of the Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director is responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation, under the authority and guidance of the Council, to provide technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules governing the registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been exhausted, but could not be said as to how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation wished to obtain an international consensus on the issue and would support the proposal of Belgium if a vote was necessary.
We therefore deem it important that the Security Council formally hear the views, observations and recommendations made by the General Assembly on the report of the Council.
We hope that the consideration of the report by the General Assembly will provide useful feedback for the Council to improve its work in the future.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous sessions;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signature or ratification of or accession to the Convention by some States and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the director of the factory and asked about the ownership of the refinery, the buildings surrounding the Northern Gas Company (North Gas Company) and production operations.
The people of Colombia support the Government's efforts to regain territorial control, safeguard the sovereignty of States, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter sets out this process and outlines some potential ideas regarding the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a set of voluntary guidelines to be prepared by a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the established principles of international law, is an obligation of all States to realize economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of leased air assets to monitor the implementation of air charter contracts; ensure compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control matters, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity in order to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be appropriately balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the widespread problems faced by developing countries, many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, have difficulties arising from the interaction of many factors, such as their small size, remote location, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, vulnerability to ecosystems, constraints in transport and communications, remoteness from commercial centres, weak local technical forces, acute reliance on imported goods, limited commodities, non-renewable resources, and a shortage of financial skills, especially for highly migratory.
I am sure that this seminar gives real hope to the people of the Pacific that the United Nations will engage in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for a number of durable solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement by the representative of the people of Tokelau, who said that the meeting with the Special Committee had been successful because of the “human face”.
These activities have various effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, the monitoring of their functioning and the improvement of skills.
Congolese men who marry foreigners are not required to join the nationality of the woman.
The overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the inability of rural livelihoods to sustain agricultural activities and the recent return of millions of refugees has further exacerbated this situation.
With regard to the second index, while the number of outstanding assessed contributions by Member States was large, at the end of 2002 it was much lower than $1.84 million, compared to $210.6 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to the national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of the terrestrial and marine environment.
In addition to television and film, where do youth see violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water supply system in Hargeysa and its surrounding areas of refugee and IDP resettlement.
Support to prohibited groups
Latin American and Caribbean States
Emphasizes the importance of the expeditious entry into force of the remaining Protocols of the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for women's independent enjoyment of their rights and rights are designed to enable women to benefit sustainably from forest resources, while protecting forest resources.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the preparations for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Further development of the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Association of Afro-American Persons said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not only a problem of poverty, as people of African descent were not discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Freedom of Democracy
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Cuéré and his Government in implementing the road map and on the path of peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the question of the justiciability of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the need for further development of indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant.”
It was also noted that the mandatory time-limit was not proportionate to an exception to a security right, that in some cases the priority was to prevail over the time of creation, rather than on the filing (e.g. an acquisition security right).
A number of suggestions were made regarding other issues to be addressed in Chapter VII.
Some projects and programmes will be evaluated independently on the basis of agreements reached with beneficiaries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to lift it out of its long-term dependence and negative integration into the Israeli economy.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic reports of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women in Parliament were not only a victory for Moroccan women, but a victory for Muslim women; through expansion, all women shared that victory.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the north of the Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
Countries are reluctant to freeze tangible assets such as business or property to further complicate this issue.
Of the 272 individuals named, very few are known.
In addition to actions that could not control the inclusion of the List worldwide, they would be given the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the business assets they hold or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be reasonable.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in southern Africa, as well as the situation in Iraq, have led the United Nations to identify clearly the humanitarian role and responsibilities it has played in this context.
The present report covers areas where progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for the New Partnership, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the transport of raw materials in the manufacturing sector.
The further development of the process leading to the identification of the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the document is not acceptable in its current form, the Kosovo Serb leadership also maintains a distance from that document.
Now we need to support those mechanisms and to provide them with the necessary resources.
How can we prove that it is correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws and the original criteria/baseline as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities are always aware that there are different values and scales of time on forest issues.
The capacity to carry out the required programme functions has been strengthened to improve advocacy and effectiveness of the country programmes in the following small offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million from other resources and trust funds.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In the course of a violent protest, the supporters of General Ríos Mont Montes were assembled in the capital in a bus and in a truck in which many people were wearing a cover, wicking, blocking streets, encirclementing the Supreme Court building and destroying property.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August; 6, 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 13, 17 and 18 December; 15 and 23 January; 10 and 26 March; 19, and 4 and 24 April; and 25, 19 and 4 and 26 March; and 25, 16 and 28 May, 16 December;
(Some United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee decided to remove the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be deleted.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendations (82) - 88
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the threat that they might fall into the hands of terrorists constitute an increasingly serious problem.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations aimed at resolving the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand had fully repaid IMF loans in advance of two years.
For such a future, Thailand is doing its utmost and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups as a criminal offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will start in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The UNAMI Core Group will lead the process of conducting operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as coordinating and directing the activities of United Nations agencies.
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a)) of resolution 1390 (2002), States shall freeze without delay funds and other financial assets or economic resources of individuals and entities on the list, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at the direction of such persons, and shall ensure that no national or any person within their territory provides such funds, assets or resources, directly or indirectly.
Kenya is seriously addressing this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of rulers and rulers, but also in all interpersonal relationships.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and in creating a secure environment in which democracy can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalances in the region are not conducive to generating full employment to absorb an increase in the economic and active population per year.
English
One solution would be to set out a provision indicating that diplomatic protection was complementary to the special regime on investment protection or protection of human rights, but that a binding decision, such as judicial decisions or arbitral judgements, must be adopted to provide safeguards on the basis of a special regime.
In the view of the Greek delegation, the best option would be to hold civil liability on the part of the operator, with the remaining liability on the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of losses arising from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities is being dealt with as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential for economic recession and financial crises during the biennium, space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly discussed with the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the high-level dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, Department of General Kele, became the convener of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean (excluding Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to address the outstanding issues satisfactorily within the framework of OPCW in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Much of production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of the recommendation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues, as they have a wide range of implications.
The National Forest Programme Services Project, chaired by FAO, has received support from many donors and developing country participating countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland obtained the required two-thirds majority and was elected to the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, take into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States is subject to serious civil and/or criminal penalties if it is found that there is no freezing of the assets of persons and entities specifically designated on the list of global terrorists issued by the Foreign Assets Control Service or who deal with them.
Have you stopped the listed individuals at entry points or at transit?
- Act No. 4208 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invite all Parties to the Convention to communicate information to the Conference of the Parties.
Economic impact assessment
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that the sea-level rise may have an estimated 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening freshwater supplies to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore, together with the International Court of Justice, dealt with disputes concerning sovereignty over Pedro Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Maddle Rock and South Ledge.
In the light of this situation, serious efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to levels that can produce the greatest sustainable catch by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean of the Russian Federation - Support for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultative mechanisms
The Special Rapporteur has received several reports of the involvement of mercenaries in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly related to drug cartels, but also to self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, if any amendments to the Convention are to be made in order to prosecute more effectively the criminal and internationally wrongful acts of mercenaries, the proposals and mechanisms under way should hear the views of a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for the development of the economy and the fight against poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the benchmarks for the normalization and implementation of the stabilization and association process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided it with a wide range of support and services during the return of United Nations agencies to the country.
Mr. Castebéri: Members will receive my entire statement and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic treatment everywhere, and we believe that this is taking place.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a reply from the Government of the country to his urgent appeal for the order.
Since there is also a great deal of expertise in demand reduction issues within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive work programme.
(Article 3)
ERW framework document
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the agenda for its fourth session as follows:
(e) Develop strategies to reduce the cost of ICT hardware and software through tax incentives and encouragement and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development of UNCTAD.
The President was elected to make a statement at the same meeting.
Another participant noted that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation provided a source of facilitation to identify needs.
Other participants considered that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, in accordance with the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation and the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which included, indirectly, a review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers to ensure that best available technologies were adopted, but that such activities required the support of Governments and the need for appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This could further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with a variety of grounds, ranging from Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What we need to do?
First of all, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan with regard to the tragic events of 19 August, which led to the loss of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but also to participate in many other ways that conform to their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated by drawing upon subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
34 African least developed countries are concerned about the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the UNCTAD Governing Council devoted to LDCs.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to thank Mr. Morris for his very meaningful statement, and I believe that his statement contains very important information and figures and reflects human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards, except as otherwise specifically directed by the General Assembly, and subject to the additional mandate contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) is currently in force for the sovereign States of the region, and that this fact has been formally endorsed by the 18th meeting of the Conference of OPANAL, which took place in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and taking note of the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration adopted by the General Assembly.”
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002 and endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), once again raised the question of the link between the exploitation of resources and human rights violations, while demonstrating the deep root causes of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of several cases: Mr. Blaise Blazise and his family were the object of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened with arrest and death; his two-parent was imprisoned for his request to MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
In his view, the visit clearly demonstrated the intensification of cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal security in the detention process
A year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States in curbing the illicit movement of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying light weapons.
In brief, the embargo has been systematically violated and has been wicked.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this vision under your presidency, Mr. President, and will address this issue in other regional organizations.
We have held regular staff consultations and I have mentioned Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE Mission is part and pillar of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister of Government and Local Government of South Africa for their kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring CCAs, United Nations Development Assistance Framework, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and its recent commitment to other measures within the framework of trade liberalization, the debt burden and the G-8 African action plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future work programme of the Authority should include a study on appropriate ways to ensure that the environmental emergencies referred to in document ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, many problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities were identified, which could lead to disputes and conflicts if not addressed.
The activities of the Working Group are valuable not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because it promotes the changing practices and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/427, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/218, A/58/338, A/58/338, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Central American Alliance for Sustainable Development” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold the Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss those texts without delay, pending consultations.
There is no legislation.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To invite development partners to complement the funds lacking in the emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service and efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) Replace operative paragraph 3 with the words “the developing countries and countries with economies in transition” with the words “the developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that have not yet done so or are not represented by women”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level would benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices (international organizations and national institutions).
Recent initiatives to develop data-sharing models have undertaken three cross-cutting projects described below.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are formulated expeditiously and that the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, confirmed the need to expedite the movement, release and clearance of goods, including trans-shipment goods, and to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and to take all appropriate measures to encourage the political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected positions;
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
In this regard, efforts are made to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops in the context of respect for fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to review the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and to the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings committed a few weeks ago and those who have committed crimes during armed conflict are prosecuted.
Encourages exploring ways to develop innovative new public-private sources of finance for development purposes, provided that those sources do not unduly burden developing countries, and takes note of the proposal made in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus for the use of special drawing rights allocations for development purposes;
Under international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit crimes outside the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to foreign countries for trial or serving a sentence.
It was agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate for the establishment of a lasting peace that allows Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to live side by side within secure and recognized borders, on the basis of the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analyses, as well as a summary of sources and systems, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability and lessons learned for results.
The system is results-based, concise and more consistent with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, the provisions relating to reservations are not applicable to relations between the two Contracting Parties in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention: “In such cases, the consequences of withdrawal of a reservation are intended to extend the scope of application of the treaty to the provisions covered by the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, adopted by UNISPACE III, the mandate of the Action Team relates to the implementation of a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, for the management of natural disasters, disasters and prevention, by using Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while maximizing the maximum use of existing capacities and reducing the gap in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias received approximately 50 honorary PhD degrees from prominent universities, such as the Harvard, Princeton, Ditus, Oblin, and the University of Washington, D.C., in St. Louis, as well as many awards issued by other universities, including the Month Martin Luthers Nobel Peace Prize, the Free City Award, the Jackson Rerston Prize, the Ashe and the Amiel.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is the governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of equal opportunities for women and men and the elimination of all forms of discrimination based on sex.
For households using timber, coal and fuel for indoor heating, Government decision 811/2002 decided to increase the grant of heating from 250,000 Lei/month to 300,000 Lei/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shares costs with other parties to develop a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean Emergency Relief Agency.
Important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the common country assessment and United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to the concerns expressed by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/201.
Table 2
Article 67 Method of suspension
On that basis, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, which was finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In the area of employment: providing flexibility in determining employment at different locations in accordance with people's skills and competencies;
However, it also emphasized some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual goals and objectives of the organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for its employees in hard duty stations was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member insisted that the quasi-State company was not a public/non-profit sector, since the other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
Although the members of the Committee and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, the representatives of the Staff Associations argued that data collection should be completed through on-site interviews with the data-collection team, in some cases the local salary commission could decide to adopt other methods if deemed useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Kenya, Latvia, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Liechtenstein, the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of Micronesia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United States of Macedonia, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of the United States of Micronesia, the United States of America, the United States of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of Great Britain and Montenegro, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of America.
(i) Advisory services: missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building, strengthening national mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream gender perspectives in national policies and programmes, with emphasis on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, the promotion of women's rights and the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
Symbol Main title
[States] general insolvency laws should recognize that [accelerating accounting,] [equitable,] set-off or netting is made in accordance with similar rules of the payment or settlement systems or financial markets of other States.
With regard to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the practices described in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, and refers in particular to paragraph 113, which states that adjustments are required to be made to the extent that a claim is not reflected in the costs of maintenance that would normally have occurred.
These proposals were circulated and discussed in a report and in a number of follow-up dialogues that took place during the International Business Forum and the Monterrey Conference.
There was a long recognition of the need to share experience in practice.
However, Algeria's accelerated accession to international legal treaties relating to human rights was followed by a shift to multiparty regimes in 1989.
In Abidjan, which is relatively calm, curfews have been reduced, and riots on the streets have been reduced, but the movement of the “Unionist” forces has often been hampered and acts of extortion have often occurred.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that 5 to 30 per cent of cluster munitions do not explode after the launch or launch, and they are drilling or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current workplan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: note by the Administrator on the Second Global Environment Facility Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action (DP/2003/23)
(b) The duty of the detainee to compensate for the foreseeable devaluation
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments and, in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, utilize their inputs, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, to address trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls, and urges States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments, coordinate closely with indigenous peoples, taking into account the experiences of the 2001 Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children in Quito, organize a Latin American Conference on Indigenous Children and Youth.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit a report to the Forum on policies and programmes in the field and participate in the dialogue at its third session.
United Nations Environment Programme
Conclusion
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon has signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supports the upgrading of educational facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, with the presence of resident investigators in the Mission, and they are implementing a drawdown plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and for the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements, and expresses its intention to keep under review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under review;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Commander of the Stabilization Force, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities conferred upon SFOR by Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement with regard to the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns the presence of thousands of landmines by Israel in the territory of Lebanon under its occupation, which has caused and continues to cause dozens of deaths and extensive material damage.
Reaffirms all previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this subject, in particular resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit Conference at its sixth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Foreign Minister.
Concerned about the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral actions by Member States in addressing their security problems would endanger international peace and security, undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea on violations of the borders of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by the rapidly growing globalization and integration of the world economy and by the formation of strong economic groups and the growing liberalization of world trade,
Taking into account the economic difficulties during the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Session of the Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at working together to safeguard and protect the Islamic heritage,
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of those symposia.
The international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, are invited to undertake active scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic impact to protect wildlife in coastal areas and member States.
The Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue) held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 2003, from 28 to 30 May 2003,
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
In the case of concession only, the concession concerned the concession.
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a notification (No. 10/2/3386), dated 9 March 2003, which emphasized the obligation to identify all relevant information through official documents for implementation of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and instructions on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001, of 5 August 2001).
This preliminary report sets out a broad framework for preventing violations of human rights by small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol No. 12 to expand its non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of deaths, injuries and disabilities in global road traffic,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “Strengthening of global public health capacity-building” (item 61) will take place on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process for the development of a new Constitution, and stresses the importance of including Afghanistan's international obligations in the new Constitution and of ensuring the full participation of women in all preparations and holding processes of the Constituent Assembly and the Constituent Assembly itself;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis and Implementation Agreement, expressing satisfaction with the Prime Minister of the country regarding the draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement, expressing once again their appreciation for the efforts of the French and ECOWAS forces, and once again emphasizing the concern over the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in on the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace in Liberia and consolidating the links between Sierra Leone's successful disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes; and (d) the Security Council should review the lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL in order to coordinate United Nations peacekeeping operations and to coordinate United Nations peacekeeping operations in Sierra Leone; (e) and to ensure that the peace and humanitarian and other United Nations system that the peace and humanitarian assistance to ensure that the Sierra Leone's counterparts in Sierra Leone are well-related peace and that the peace and humanitarian assistance to the peace and other United Nations system are well-related peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace processes in Sierra Leone, where the Sierra Leone are well-building efforts in Sierra Leone; and peace and other United Nations system are well-building efforts in Sierra Leone are able to ensure that the peace and peace and peace and other United Nations system that the Sierra Leone, where the Sierra Leone should
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate movements proposed in the report could not be avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation adjustments in non-post expenditure, as well as the reasons for an increase of $9.9 million in the actual vacancy rate in 2002; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be reported in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to bring to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions of which she is particularly concerned, or where early action or permits to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“In 1968 Haiti was expressly permitted to vote after invoking the factual requirements of article 19, paragraph 2, until the Committee on Contributions had made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 troops is an integral part of two contingents providing security for 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, air means are required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each of which will have the capacity to airliners at any operational location.
The key to long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, to reduce poverty and inequality and to eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for having addressed this very difficult post.
Regrettably, the persistence of weak behaviour in various parts of the world, like the recent events that have claimed more than 120 lives, serves as a reminder of us, in a highly abhorrent and unusual manner, whatever the form of terrorism demonstrates, that it is now a serious global problem and that greater and more effective international cooperation is urgently needed.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community is aware of the magnitude of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priority priorities and the way in which Canada can help from donors and non-members of the Council.
This situation also makes it clear that partisan political considerations may also be a motivation to propose measures that have a positive or negative impact on local governments.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
• Coordinate with relevant agencies to facilitate research on issues and issues directly addressed to them and on follow-up to those bodies;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy relevance, prospects (Coordinator: United Kingdom National Statistical Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of States implementing EU directives do not have statutory rules on the time of receipt of data messages, but in some of them case law, standards have been established on how the traditional rules of receipt are transposed to the electronic environment.
There is a need to clarify whether the server entering into a supplier is sufficient to determine whether it receives a message or whether it is required for the addressee to actually retrieve data messages at its computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “does not explicitly address the issue of liability for possible malfunctions in the information system.
The CIS Council of Heads of State supports, inter alia, the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April as the International Day of Remembrance of Victims of Radioactive Accident and Disasters.
I am pleased now to invite the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Anti v.
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provide that all individuals referred to in both articles have an obligation to comply with the laws and regulations of the host State, including the labour laws of the host State.
All funds provided by the UNFCCC Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activities are a continuing process of creating a world.
• Services provided by the Government;
In conclusion, I would like to urge the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observatory and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in order to ensure that the voices of the victims are given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ms. Motoc, will travel to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role does MONUC play in human rights issues when working together with the parties to establish a transitional government?
Whatever progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, especially in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairperson's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will wish to consider the oral report of the President on the status of consultations and draw conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions considered requests from the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities undertaken by the State under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, a comprehensive report on the implementation of commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and follow-up to those commitments and agreements, taking into account the successful experience of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination in the preparation of the International Conference on Financing for Development, with the secretariats of relevant institutional stakeholders, with a focus on progress made in all areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall allocate no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notice
I particularly draw attention to the latest emergency appeal by UNRWA, which calls for important services for tens of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation for the factors limiting the calculation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana and for the generous provision of such facilities for the Conference;
In addition, the occupying forces killed a eight-year-old Palestinian boy Ali Talab Al-Ghareer on the same day and wounded his brother, Ala, who was playing a role in the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, recruitment below the approved level takes place at a higher level.
Prior to the development of the workplan, the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed, namely, the planning and recruitment phases, the actual implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Is extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level before submitting its second periodic report.
The internal affairs sector is responsible for taking a decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective share of Member States in the balance shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the above-mentioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have intervened in our country in a timely manner.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that after 11 September, some United States air carriers have been completely consistent with or through discriminatory measures against the Arabs, whether or not the United States, and Muslims, such as forced eviction.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen and its meaning is more neutral.
Issue C: Applicability to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received extensive information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman named Afsheen Musarat.
Through that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection regime aimed at completing the disarmament process in a comprehensive and nuclear field.
The people and the Government of Iran are first of all concerned that, once war is taking place, there will certainly be a humanitarian disaster on the part of the Iraqi people, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely imperative to stress once again that the decisions taken by the international community, contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction, must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement against trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing gender biases and corruption practices of relevant occupational groups.
The Committee first focused on issues such as composition, working methods, intersessional work and reporting formats of members of the Committee, and then adopted its terms of reference, as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in resolving international disputes through the use of all peaceful means that we possess and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led to the Organization's gains, which are more relevant in the context of the current impasse.
In that process, we have not only strengthened the verification regime, but also strengthened our ability to carry out important tasks — that is to save our world from the scourge of war.
Is this an allegation made by the United States of America at the last meeting — that many countries around the world disagree with the United States — or that is related to the concept of Iraq's active cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its endorsement of General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, 3 for Professional and 8 for General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be given the highest priority and should be concluded expeditiously to avoid negative impacts on the Fund's work and project redesign.
The seventh session of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues (22-24 January 2003) decided to convene an expert meeting on foreign direct investment and development.
It is particularly important to find a balance between budget and other considerations.
Ms. Olara Erica-Irene A. Grauls (Panama)
Expressing concern about the limited availability of safe and cost-effective mine-detection and mine-clearing equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving the research and development of relevant technologies, while recognizing the need to promote more and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to this end,
Date of insert
For the full text, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“ Condemns the continued illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalls that the Council has consistently unequivocally condemned those activities as one of the major factors contributing to the persistence of conflicts, and reaffirms the need to put an end to those activities and, if necessary, exert the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of least developed countries in world commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on Investment Technology and Promotion Office
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary announcement by Colombia of its intention to host the eleventh session of the General Conference of UNIDO in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, an electronic platform for disseminating and sharing information on experiences gained, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and problems among States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiation on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and guidelines that govern international relations in the field of global trade and are intended to increase the wide range of commercial and economic transactions among countries.
All these areas have been significantly affected by the embargo because, although there are many restrictions, such as education and culture have been priority areas for public spending in Cuba.
Despite material resources, Cubans continue to work to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the 1998 Law on Banking Institutions sets out preventive measures for use by the Government, which limits the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Namibian Constitution, authorizes interference in the privacy of any person's family, letter or communication under the terms of chapter 2 of the Code of Criminal Procedure of 1977, and authorizes access to any premises or search of any person.
Accordingly, the net claim for 332 claims resolved in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted to USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
