Let me stress that we will continue to work with them on their own initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007 had been agreed upon at COP 7.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission any circumstances in which it considered reasonable grounds to establish a consistent pattern of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, in particular in colonial and other dependent Territories.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These generally include a detailed land cover database developed using the LCCS system and various supporting data layers collected in conjunction with the dynamic Atlas warehouses.
GOOS was co-sponsored by FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council for Science (ICSU).
A study of 77 medical programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries had used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Any material proving his guilt (e.g. the self-representation of the accused voluntarily to senior police officers) must be scrutinized before the suspect can be admitted as evidence once the proceedings are instituted.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in the Falun Gong exercise.
(b) The Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevarra is not of an arbitrary nature within the meaning of the various principles applicable to the consideration of the cases submitted to it by the Working Group.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to that end under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to raising awareness of the health of individuals, particularly members of the armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to raise awareness of AIDS prevention among peacekeepers, to establish a special adviser on AIDS and to revise the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
During its 2003 regular session, the Commission received a letter from the Government of the United States of America dated 20 May 2003, in which it alleged that the Indian Movement “Tupaj Amaru” had violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure that the interests of the patient are protected.
31 Hong Kong SAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that, given the general reluctance of creditors, it would not be appropriate to allow a very small group of creditors that were not represented in the total number of creditors to determine the process of events.
The Staff College also made further use of information and communication technology.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37 full-time.
IMO Publishing Performance 45
Office of Operations Support
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other bodies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to subsequent action by the COP.
Statements were made by representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some acceding countries and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the chairs of the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in intersessional workshops.
Following the arrival of the Trial Chamber judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed notices of appeal.
It is indeed a pleasure for my delegation to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The OAS States Parties undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that appropriate compensation should be awarded for the work performed by the claimant in the amount of USD 8,439 for work listed in the invoice number 78/90/462; USD 61,071 for work listed in the invoice number 26/90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/9095; and USD 10,207 for work listed in the invoice number 15/90/243 and 16/90/282; invoice No.
Annex I
Mr. Staehelin (Switzerland): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and to wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to remedy the inherent shortcomings of the two specialized tribunals, the establishment of a permanent international court was raised in the late 1950s and early 1950s in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to important international treaties such as the weakening of the Rome Statute, we continue to believe that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards finding a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption of resolution 57/63, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, by a majority vote of the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly of the United Nations on 22 November 2002, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of calls for the immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations comes from various multilateral documents, some of which I would like to recall here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs in order to rent vehicles and premises and secure them, which is an important source of income for all Somali parties.
All attempts to manage the fishing banks in Somalia have resulted in a significant amount of funds falling into the private hands of factional leadership groups, which has been in millions over the past 10 years, which has made it possible to absorb and supplement the private population.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge that its purpose is to assist or assist the owner or accomplice of an act in the planning, facilitating or carrying out of the act, the punishment provided for in the particular provision shall be punished”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the action of the International Action Team against Money-Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a universal society in the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, between 0155 hours and 0800 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew east over the sea opposite the area of the Zahrani River, then headed towards the area of Al-Badel and then headed towards the sea off Damur, thus violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution by referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Until 1988 the universities and colleges in Myanmar could not grant a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, the events of recent years have shown that the coverage and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the growing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries were still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(The top ten countries outside the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
The unemployment rate is highest in the 20-24 age group, both for men and women.
The geographical intensity of Samoa and its good communication and transportation system make centralized services accessible.
In addition, health services should pay attention to the concept of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is that women become entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage has been constantly changing, with the age of marriage being particularly late for women being 24 years in 1991 and 27 years for men in the same period.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth, Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must strictly comply with the provisions of that resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the devolution process will help to establish standards, which are indispensable for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 could help to control and improve the situation.
A high centrifuge rate could have a lower impact on track.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continued to carry out its work programme as detailed in previous relevant resolutions, in particular the organization of meetings in all regions of the international community, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of Palestine and of information materials, as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as of information materials and of information materials, and the Palestinian people, and the annual training programmes for staff of the Palestinian issues, and the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States moved depleted uranium shells from its Okinawa base to South Korea for operational deployment, and the United States issued a “mid-term report” in Busan on 8 June 1997 to reassess the “United States-day defence cooperation approach”.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations arising from the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is among the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States of the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to accede to the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments on disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
A drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of appropriate current indicators.
With regard to the preparation of drought-sensitive maps for one country or region, we favour the second approach, but careful research is needed.
Task 1.4: Contribute to the compilation of a web-based glossary of desertification (Coordinator: Debticki)
Selected members for WHOG
In addition, some participants stressed the cross-cutting nature of issues such as human rights, gender equality and the empowerment of women, which should be recognized as critical to the achievement of all development goals.
For example, containers of transit goods destined for Central Asia must unload ships at the seaport of the transit country and then be loaded on ships to ensure that they are loaded without prohibited items and that they are smuggled into the country for fear of the resumption of goods.
The second could be considered as a direct invocation by an individual (as in the case of the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) To prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic harm, in the workplace or in the workplace.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Hanseatisches Oberlandesgericht Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, such expressions must be voluntary; this does not fall within the definition of the topic (more than its scope), but rather within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that there are many different democratic political systems and patterns of free and fair elections in the world, based on national and regional particularities and various backgrounds,
Anice stated that the duration of the contract had been extended by mutual agreement, but that it had not been formally extended.
With regard to interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
The terms of payment for the two contracts entered into with SEPAL are similar and each contract is partially paid in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or right to use property, the value of property or the existence of property in Iraq and Kuwait prior to 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions/analysis and valuation
The individual's employment contract provided that Montgomery was obliged to pay the travel expenses of each employee to return from Kuwait at the end of the employment, and that the employee had a scheduled round-to-back ticket.
Heroin was still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, they must be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant goals and means.
Fifty-eighth session
Studies have shown that migrants experience racism and discrimination fairly widely in the workplace and in other areas of daily life.
Two recent investigation missions to Bunia (MONUC sent from 28 to 30 January 2003; OHCHR sent from 3 to 4 February 2003) identified a number of serious human rights violations, including gang rape, extrajudicial executions, pillage and house burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Response Return Facility as a joint project of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing reconstruction assistance to returning individuals.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract FDI because it can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the number of students in school, particularly female children, and informal educational opportunities.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building processes and a range of management reforms to maximize the impact of the system, improve the quality of services and improve efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families in special hardship cases
Microcredit and savings programme
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/3)
Once the cluster begins, we will proceed with the identification and verification of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work towards common objectives in a more coherent and comprehensive manner, such as through the formation of integrated committees by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The South African Government has agreed to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute of Agriculture works with women and requires them to exercise the equal rights of 78 published by Act No. 55-97.
(a) To enhance the exchange of information, in particular with regard to the activities of terrorists, the activities of terrorist organizations and sources of funds and other necessary information;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, however, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that implementation in the regions is uneven and that there is no mechanism for monitoring and evaluating implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen its efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, paying particular attention to children of lower age;
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account and fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention in legislation and practice, including in the area of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Law (1998), which introduced and promoted the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most replies (59 out of 104 replies) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
The often repeated promises to be helpful in this process, but as has been made in these hollow halls, they prove to be mere promises.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the noble task of maintaining peace must be based on a broad and complex concept of security.
The combination of these factors often increases the demand for indoor heating and transport, which is one of the reasons for the high energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and housing sectors.
Figure 7b Greenhouse gas emission trends by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors, as required by the guidelines.
The in-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (held before 31 March 2003) indicated that some Parties had made progress in better estimating the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and their inclusion in the scope of the forecast simulation.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation could increase or reduce by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States indicated that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties usually consider data quality acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are given in section VI.
Despite the increasing availability of technical assistance, the demand for direct United Nations observation of elections has been reduced.
Particular attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the choice of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties, as well as to the countries of the region, the importance of progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first time I briefed the Council on the most appropriate topic of how to better protect civilians in armed conflict.
Indeed, throughout his life, he is committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is an urgent issue of concern that deserves in-depth discussion.
Mr. Powhar (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): First of all, I would like to express my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union greatly appreciates and fully endorses the commitments demonstrated by the Security Council on the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to stress that, despite the eventual need to address these issues by Afghan national institutions, there is still a need for further deployment of personnel of the international security forces of a reasonable scale and capable of demonstrating a strong force to create the necessary security environment and trust so that the Bonn process can be brought to a natural end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to briefly draw attention to the recent activities and current work of the Oversight Group, so that the members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs.
Finally, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the Chilean delegation, the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat for their outstanding efforts to gradually improve this key United Nations tool in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Committee to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was convened as part of the Netherlands' efforts for an FMCT.
Languages for official documents of the Joint Advisory Group of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore consider that the paragraph is not in accordance with international law and German law and regretfully unacceptable.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to advance the peace process, and we actively evaluate the recent decision of the ECOWAS summit on the question of the environment, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• Prices statistics programme was certified by ISO 9002; three additional outputs are being requested;
(a) Personal data to be released under legal, regulatory or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, while 55 per cent indicated that their statistical offices had been involved only as recipients, 11 per cent indicated that they were involved only as donors, and 29 per cent of respondents indicated that they had participated as donors and recipients in international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal accession efforts as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
l2. Many countries of the African Ring Group face transport problems, which can be seen from African countries' expenditures for freight in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino): San Marino, along with what we did in the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: Statements in explanation of their vote on the resolutions just adopted are now being requested.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 attempts to cross the border illegally, detained 28 persons and subsequently handed them over to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the Central Sector, remains limited.
However, contemporary international practice of claims proves that some organizations have been recognized as having legal qualifications representing all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR had seriously affected the implementation of its strategy, since, according to paragraph 63 of the UNHCR report (A/58/12), UNHCR could only dispose of half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and circulated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
Members of the Committee shall be 18 persons elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Equally divided votes 126
Where the Committee or the pre-sessional working group considers that the information contained in the State party's report is insufficient, the State concerned may request additional information requested and indicate the time period for which the information is submitted.
Meetings and hearing 174
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for determining admissibility of complaints
Filling casual vacancies 201
The military leaders do not separate these combatants and reverse their integration into the ranks of the MLC forces.
The three individuals were later shot and shot by Major José Szema, and François died.
Upon review, it was determined that, in order to provide quality services in a timely manner, those functions should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be arranged in other areas of service of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the register of the initiating transaction and thereafter the record of the transaction relating to the transaction is maintained.
However, as these translation services can be obtained at much lower cost in local markets, it is not feasible to calculate the fees at full cost.
2.12 Pensions (Amendment) Act 2002
Educational kit on “equality”: a reference package for primary school teachers was published in 1994.
10.45 The 2001 appropriation funded the Special Initiative for Adult Programmes Living in Poverty (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, conditions of employment, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
The current right to adoption leave is therefore 18 weeks for adoption and 8 weeks for optional (non-paid) adoption leave.
The table below shows, respectively, the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of childcare sites funded by this allocation.
The Ministry also provides funding for a voluntary organization that aims to reduce violence against male families in Irish society through a confidential telephone service that supports and challenges men by requiring them to recognize their violence and to hold them accountable for its cessation.
(b) To introduce maternity leave with pay or with comparable social benefits without loss of former employment, seniority or social benefits;
Article 18
The updated list will be transmitted to the central authorities responsible for border controls whenever the list is updated.
However, the outlook for 2003 continues to be influenced by uncertainties in the current global economy.
While raising the level of education and health of people is a good goal in itself, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to chapter 40 of Agenda 5 of Agenda 21 - the unmet goals of the environmental action plan proposed by the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess progress on some of the environmental goals set out in the plan.
ESCAP will hold an annual meeting of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology Applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under variant B, the signature requirement may be satisfied if the “data message” contains “electronic signature, which is both appropriate and equally reliable”.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data from two sources, such as national health surveys.
The Committee notes from other information received that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and underexpenditures, including $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, $629,200 for alteration, renovation and construction, $328,600 for the acquisition of generators, $310,800 for sanitation and cleaning supplies, $142,700 for public utilities and $123,000 for other projects.
An assessment was made of the role of microcredit as an alternative to high-yield financing scheme.
By the end of the biennium 2004-2005, it is expected that the Chamber will complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals to the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from the above work.
In addition to all of the conflicts of great concern, and despite the good intentions and resolutions that have been adopted in the various forums initiated by the Millennium Summit, two major issues still exist that the international community has not been bold.
Mr. Tozona (Togo) (spoke in French): Once again this year, we met to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that could give new life to our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his personal concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
16 Exception reports based on certain predetermined criteria will certainly be more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order, inter alia, to take effective action to identify all violations of human rights resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as stipulated in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been no significant change in the status of the Organization with regard to funding sources or other international non-governmental organizations affiliated with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has assumed administrative responsibility for the development programme for vulnerable groups.
Various studies were undertaken to evaluate press reports and programmes in the mass media from a gender-sensitivity perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
Has these specific gender issues been taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education has once again become crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and commended by the Committee in its previous concluding observations) have been cancelled.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach that consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution as a whole, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to inform the public of remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian residents and members of other minorities continue to suffer discrimination in fact.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land ownership by indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous peoples seeking compensation for environmental damage to their traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “leased tenants” and recommends that the State party increase its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give greater visibility to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to provide information in its next periodic report on the examination of cases of racial discrimination by these bodies.
The Committee encourages the State party to review legislation with a view to defining more clearly the scope of the concept.
Notwithstanding the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not complied with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and has not submitted a periodic report or submitted additional information on the situation in Bougainville to the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the ethnic composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of population composition in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draw the attention of the State party to the Committee's general recommendation No. 8 on self-identification of members of particular racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made readily available to the public at the time of their submission and that the Committee's observations on these reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She would appreciate clarification from the Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make publicly available on their national websites national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and the common reporting format and to notify the secretariat of the exact web site of these publications on the World Wide Web;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, can be demonstrated by the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Vision Plan as a key area of activity for building knowledge-based societies.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the outstanding letters from the Permanent Representative of the Kinshasa Government to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems when considering assistance to any other country in space launch vehicle projects, bearing in mind that such programmes could be used to cover ballistic missile programmes;
The approach of that party might well be to try to divide an international community that is fully united, determined and determined to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and his or her staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and the maintenance of other equipment for office staff; supplies and materials; and acquisition of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)), which entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) resigned for the unexpired term of office until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
Pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considered this question every two years in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its purview, as well as its relationship with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategy and have been consolidating their functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association, a voluntary non-governmental organization founded in 1962, is a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Campaign.
Please describe any structures or mechanisms in place within your Government to detect and investigate Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or Taliban-related financial networks, or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities supporting them or associated with them within your jurisdiction.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
Undoubtedly, effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations in Africa must also be provided with continuous financial assistance in order to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in the regions and countries of Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of responding countries indicated that national policies provided equal access to services for all, regardless of gender, women and girls continued to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers that increased their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV had been reduced by 20 per cent and by 50 per cent by 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women received prenatal care and services that reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
For countries to sustain an effective response in the long term, strategies must be developed to build and sustain institutional capacity.
A review of existing practices within the United Nations system indicates that there are the following new features in the use of evaluation lessons learned at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held on the occasion of the annual sessions of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognizing the increased responsibilities of WMO, the WMO Executive Board at its fifty-fourth session agreed to prioritize the WMO space programme.
New strategies are required to promote data availability and accessibility, so that observing systems and programmes can be beneficial for the application of meteorology and researchers to address global environmental issues.
As the Secretary-General's report indicates, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in East Timor.
These agencies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (DPKO), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) at any other time during which it participates in the performance of any activity to be deferred from the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occurs during the period during which such activity is performed.
The second alternative was chosen and the last sentence was placed in square brackets.
A concern expressed in para. 103 of A/CN.9/526 was that subparagraph (iv) (now (d)) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier, rather than any variation of the terms of the contract of carriage, which required the parties to the contract to agree together.
OIOS also found that there were no succession plans for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group was to test and analyse procedures used by other States experiencing such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects in which improving corporate social responsibility in the developing world could lead to significant increases in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing clear and realistic ways of meeting corporate social responsibility for SMEs in the developing world, providing training and tools for SMEs and facilitating business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not yet been issued, an estimate of the dates of their submission and issuance is provided.
In order to create employment opportunities and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO has implemented international programmes to assist countries in developing action plans for the employment of women within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transportation to and from airports 69-70 8
He regretted that the Conference had not reached agreement on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once reached, would bring $50 billion in income to poor or wealthy countries and would help to lift 144 million of the world's population out of poverty by 2015.
We hope that the high-level dialogue on financing for development will create a new situation, making maximum use of the power of international cooperation to increase investment for development projects and plans.
A bill on the elimination of racial and ethnic discrimination was also being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the priorities of the Ministry of Forests is the implementation of the revised Forest Act (Law No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of strategic action plans, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols and the establishment of national forest sector observatories to improve the management of natural heritage and the protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Invites relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level, within their mandates and within their mandates and work, and in cooperation with States, to give due consideration to the Declaration and to the reports of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level;
She also welcomed the joint ministerial statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
She highlighted in particular the recommendations made by ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
The complaint
Like the previous speaker, she expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Bureau had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the full implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification would also be required on the recommendation that some final performance report (para.
His delegation wished to see the Inspector's technical analysis of the recommendations and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse them.
(b) Inclusion of user groups in the development and implementation of management plans under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau would consist of five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of their gross national product for official development assistance (ODA), to reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries so that they could integrate into international economic and social sectors, benefit from globalization and reduce the gap with developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis, and the granting of observer status to the Community in the General Assembly would help to achieve that goal, strengthen cooperation between the two parties and enhance their capabilities in guaranteeing world peace and security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The Libyan authorities were also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller has just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarifications at various informal meetings.
The Committee noted that, although the report contained a wealth of information on the legal provisions in force since the submission of the previous report, it lacked information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Reports and replies are contained in document CAT/C/75.
Pursuant to rule 111, paragraph 5, of the rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to conduct a full investigation into the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish the responsible person, to provide the complainant with redress, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days of the date of the present decision, of the steps it has taken with regard to the above observations.
He was seriously wounded in his right footsteps because the torturers were wearing a stick to his right feet.
4.11 With regard to the Amnesty International report of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that, at the outset of the report, the organization made it clear that it would not judge whether the complainant would be at risk due to his activities prior to his escape, since the organization was unable to carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The question before the Committee is whether the State party's obligation under article 3 of the Convention to expel or return the complainant to the Sudan, if there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture in another country, is not in breach of its obligation under article 3.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party considers that the cases of ill-treatment isolated in Spanish prisons do not prove the systematic practice of torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to present its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide explores the relative applicability of various aspects of insolvency law in such cases.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed this national position in international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met personally with President George W. Bush of the United States of America in New York, emphasizing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor would have been able to protect itself by verifying that the secured creditor would have possession of the encumbered assets.
An alternative or additional approach would be to require the identification of secured creditors that have assigned the person to list the transferee in the registered notice so as to avoid situations that lie with the intervening third-party creditors.
By limiting the level of detail of information on the relationship between the parties on public records, a notice-based registration system enhances the degree of confidentiality of relationships with the secured creditor.
However, a functional equivalent to a waiver of possession may also be achieved by transferring legal controls over third-party performance obligations owed to secured creditors.
The consultant worked on the drafting of guidelines with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, recognized the urgent need to eliminate deprivation and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that groups of women, such as women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, poor women, women in institutions or in detention, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly targeted or vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should strive to create a global security environment of cooperation, mutual trust and general security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the drivers of the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons by some States.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than targets.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
The extensive information provided by Iraq was also thoroughly reviewed, not only during the reporting period.
His delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in constructive dialogue on a peaceful and just settlement of the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) by means of a negotiated and peaceful settlement of disputes between States, which was recognized by the international community and reflected the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations.
Please circulate this reply* as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of the item under agenda item 11 (a).
The 2003/04 estimates include the cost of introducing a proposal to replace 132 computers.
Opening of the session
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting that LDCs seeking to diversify their exports to manufactured goods and/or services had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, he highlighted the link between the level of poverty in one country and its ability to diversify production structures, he stressed the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Board adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The session was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress made during the past year, the Special Rapporteur has outlined the issues of concern that still remain and has outlined the priorities to be implemented.
In 2003, more than 3 million people died of HIV/AIDS worldwide, and an estimated 5 million people were infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), bringing the world to 40 million.
Although HIV/AIDS was initially considered primarily a health issue, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to the recognition that many factors associated with women's subordination increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and credible justice system.
The events of January 2003 placed an enormous burden on the emerging defence and police forces of Timor-Leste, resulting in procedural violations of the law and the violation of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should have been more appropriately reflected in the analysis of the core strategies for achieving the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as in the various aspects of the Millennium Project, since they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels that allowed countries and development institutions to work together to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 shows a decrease in the budget resulting from the implementation of the Advisory Committee's recommendations on non-post objects of expenditure (including the Committee's recommendations on posts and the impact of its recommendations on computer replacement cycles on furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10. The Advisory Committee recommends that, within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the current arrangements for the provision of support to the Security Council be reviewed, streamlined and integrated, where appropriate, support capacities, in order to improve the efficiency of activities and the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the level of information technology resources currently proposed for recovery from the 2002-2003 reductions amounted to $480,600 (without recosting), compared to $113,800 for the expansion (see paras. 108-113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Committee felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and discussing the programme of meetings and publications with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
The resource growth includes the recovery of some $2 million (un recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established, replacing the human rights sector that had previously been under the authority of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with host country national AIDS programmes and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code provide for the legal punishment of persons who create a State or an international organization for the commission of terrorist acts outside Costa Rica.
In this connection, the bill intends to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code concerning illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, its legal status is established by Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, and article 1 of the Foundation Act recognizes “the appropriate legal personality of the Foundation, such as the non-profit entity of the public service, and the deployment of fixed assets for the use or assistance of education, charitable, artistic, scientific activities and all activities that promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be integrated into the quartering areas and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 is budgeted under the programme of work of the Special Committee for 2004-2005 based on the level of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made great strides in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made considerable progress in self-governance.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in migration to coca-growing areas, while, in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug laboratories tended to move from rural to suburbs.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered a draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new patterns of drug use and substances used” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomon Naivalu, Minister of Health, Fiji
• Allow access to all documents considered to be relevant to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, communication between governmental and executive organizations, meeting records and computer files) and allow for appropriate forensic analysis in the field or elsewhere (e.g. removal, reproduction).
C. Attendance
Communication No.
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Zambian High Court of Justice decided that he was detained without grounds.
3.2 The author also contends that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated because criminal proceedings continued for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request regarding the date on which the author's son was executed and the exact time at which the State party was informed of the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of himself, her adult daughter and the foreign grandson, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent stating that, in the absence of a mandate, the parties must show convincing reasons before sending the communication on their behalf.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister's appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the decision of the Court of Appeal in this extremely difficult case, although “contradictory”, was frank in evidence and adequately balanced against conflicting factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that the risk of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequence of the imminent return of a person is that his or her rights may be violated.
Communication No.
For this reason, you have no right under this Act to make a pension claim.”
The military officer in the area, who was present in the period 1990-1991, was Amarasinghe, and shortly thereafter died from a terrorist attack.
The State party thus provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the existence of the alleged existence of legislation on discrimination of age in the preparation of the Committee's response to the findings of the author's case.
The Convention authorizes the `receiving and considering' of communications to be considered by the Committee, not the Committee.
The facts as presented by the author 3
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party did not refute these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail to Cabal, but on 2 August 2001 the warrant was placed on appeal.
In 1989, the Melbourne Detention Centre was constructed for all remand prisoners, but the opening of six weeks after the explosion of the detainees required the detention of the new remand prisoners in the Coburg reception centre.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education laws (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (Presidential Decree on curriculum materials) prohibit the free publication of textbooks in secondary schools.
3.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to use since time immemorial is in itself a violation of article 27, in accordance with the interpretation and practice of Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi have been safeguarded through the ferry mechanism if they have not previously established sufficient grazing rights in reindeer grazing areas.
On 4 February 2000, the Commissions reached an agreement recommending to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information and it was not possible to see whether the Supreme Court's conclusion in the Aursunden case of 1997 that the Supreme Court had not held bias against the Sámi in 1897.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M and on 7 February 1997, he was detained pending trial.
2.3 According to the author, the confirmation receipt by the Post Office indicates that the date on which the application was made to the court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day on which the application could be made.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found the author guilty of an alleged crime and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, which could be suspended and ordered to pay the complainant the amount of 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal was not able to rule on this request, but on the basis of the State party, it has reasonable expectations of success, since in domestic law fault is always linked to an illegal administrative decision, for which the Government is liable (Administrative Court, Driant Rec., p. 77).
In this connection, the Court of Appeal expressed its satisfaction that “the author was no longer tempted and able to give greater consideration to the current position of the person, such as the place of his victim in his life, because he received the treatment of the Clorazil drug” and that “the possibility of recidivism and harm to society would be small and negligible as long as the author insisted on the use of Clorazil”; “Clorazil treatment was very successful”.
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), Views adopted on 7 April 1994, and in Griffin v. Spain (No.
Sofia and Bulgaria Electricity Company, International Permanent Court of Justice, Judgment Series, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The substantive cooperation required requires, first and foremost, that Iraq comply with its obligation to declare all programmes of weapons of mass destruction, either to declare the items and activities for destruction, or to produce evidence that there is no proscribed items or activities.
Our Iraqi opponents prefer to say that there are no objects that are prohibited and, if there is evidence to the contrary, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
An obvious example is Iraq's declaration concerning HMX, which states that some of the HMX that the IAEA seized in Iraq at the end of 1998 have been made available to the Cement Plant as industrial mining explosives.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [the activities of the ad hoc expert group]/[and continue to participate as observers in the activities during the final [three]/[two] days of meetings.
At present, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be at a high to medium risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is essential for the development of humanity as a whole.
If the State does not guarantee its right to survival, these communities will not be able to achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution”.
There are also enterprises that, when confronted with popular protest and political resistance, or considering that the costs of engaging in sustainable development that is central to human rights are too costly, prefer to stop, cancel projects or refrain from investing.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Criminal Procedure Code can be used to freeze without delay funds related to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
As noted in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the related statements, at the time of the meeting of the Credentials Committee, credentials submitted under rule 24 of the rules of procedure have been received from 40 States, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, New Zealand, Poland, Slovakia, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, Republic of Korea, Senegal, Republic of Korea, Senegal, Republic of Korea, Senegal, Slovenia, Romania, Senegal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Romania, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Senegal, Slovenia, Romania, Slovenia, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Slovenia, Senegal, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Romania, Romania, Slovenia, South Africa.
Notes
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act (voluntary associations and funds) provides that foreigners and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations (NGOs) operating in Azerbaijan on the same basis as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and the benefits thereof;
According to the Fund, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and not compete with other similar enterprises in the same field.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavian-Baltic Cultural Management Training Platform (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management Centres (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some e-business processes of potential interest to countries (OECD 2003) have been identified and some definitions have been elaborated:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technology censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attached particular importance to the work of the Review Committee.
The Chairman: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, entitled “Questions relating to disarmament and international security”, under cluster 9.
Step 3: fissile material cut-off treaty negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance necessary to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
There are no legislative provisions that establish crimes involving racist elements as crimes motivated by racism, nor do it provide that courts should take into account the legislative provisions of racist motives when sentencing them.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the implementation of strategies aimed at enhancing the right of Roma children to health-care services and integration into education (for example, through health and education intermediaries and in the Roma language).
A special review on gender equality recommended the development of a policy on gender mainstreaming in the country and the piloting of such policies in selected projects.
Most of them are treated at primary level or in hospital emergency wards.
The Labour Code recognizes trade unions of single enterprises, multi-enterprise unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary trade unions.
If a female worker is sick after childbirth, the post-natal leave shall be extended and the specific period of time shall be determined by the department providing preventive or curative medical care.
Following the opening of the 800 telephone line programme, a number of tasks and actions have been carried out, and these tasks and actions have been continuously evaluated, expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue fever was also included in the compulsory notification list.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of registered students in the subsidized sector increased by 278,611 between 1994 and 1998, reflecting an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools also benefit from being the focus of the National Help Programmes.
Table 3 Participation of persons aged 65 or over in the labour force (Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of ancillary meetings of participating non-governmental organizations and professional organizations of the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional groups and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including low retention rates, achievement rates and completion rates for students throughout compulsory and non-compulsory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group of the General Assembly on the integrated follow-up to United Nations conferences to integrate and coordinate the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way for the annual meeting of States parties to be held in November.
This strategy should overcome any loopholes and constraints in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes that developing and least developed countries require increased technical assistance and capacity-building support in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the impact of enhanced multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives, as well as on human development and institutional development, and to this end commits to working with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Warnings and dangerous education should be given to affected communities as soon as possible.
Most border checkpoints can access such information by satellite.
The signing of the present document by the parties, neighbouring countries and the United Nations means consent to the provisions of the plan.
Between 1990 and 1999, the index of primary school-age enrolment in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92 in terms of gross enrolment, and from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a certain age group, but the evidence discussed in this report relates only to adults.
In developing countries, differences in health knowledge and behaviour are fundamental causes of variations in the level of education in infant mortality.
e Data refer to students (a university student), excluding students (a pre-university student).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the organization of work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, as well as the ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations in the disarmament, decolonization, economic and social fields and related fields, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and final agenda and annotations, the list of supplementary items, the memorandum by the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the reports of the General Committee of the General Assembly, the General Committee of the General Assembly, the General Committee of the General Committee of the General Assembly, the General Committee of the General Assembly, the General Committee of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Committee, the General Committee, the General Committee, the status of the General Committee, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Committee, the report of the General Assembly, the General Committee, the General Committee, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report on the General Assembly, the status of the General Assembly, the General Committee, the General Assembly, the reports of the General Assembly, the General
The strategy for the current biennium is to strengthen the provision and editing functions of reference materials to minimize delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts run counter to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which indicate the illegal nature of these acts and demand that Israel withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities ignore them.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations for its commendable action to reduce the impact of natural disasters on human societies through coordinated efforts of the international community, paying particular attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session on children not only provides us with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990, but also provides us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
What has been the success of 500 million children still living in extreme poverty; 100 million children out of school and more under-educated children; some 150 million children in developing countries suffer from malnutrition and 11 million children under five die from preventable diseases every year?
The action plan is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts at the Professional level required for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report on its missions to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Panel of Experts
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the realization of the right to development, stresses, in this regard, the need to broaden the base of international decision-making on development issues, fill organizational gaps and strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of greater and stronger participation of developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including by taking positive measures to ensure the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendations
In addition, inter-linkages are becoming more closely linked, with more existing freight forwarders seeking to establish alliances with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 Part III of the Criminal Code stipulates that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be valid regardless of the provisions of the law of the place of the crime, as long as acts against the public are committed on board an aircraft or ship flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or a distinctive emblem and legal navigation.
Are any relevant bilateral treaties to which Tajikistan is a party as extraditable offences to the relevant international conventions and protocols?
15.20 Administrative direction and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose office includes the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F. Arias
The required investments may include specialized and specific assets, create incidental costs and increase transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia entrusts all State bodies, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to work together to combat kidnapping.
Members called on both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms in the verification process.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
The overlap between the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Treasury Division has resulted in increased coordination difficulties in assigning financial responsibility between the two departments.
Gender-disaggregated statistics on the use of radio sets will also be very important, given that households have access to radio, which does not indicate that it can be used for women in the household.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
In fact, differences of opinion are an objective sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because of these, I can say that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey as long as it is reached in a democratic manner and with the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that even the latest measures proposed at the end of the 1990s could not meet Kyoto targets.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and that encouraging and developing international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture can bring important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations were of the view that those responsibilities and circumstances, commonly referred to as “non-State actors”, should be reviewed.
However, some delegations were of the view that the perpetrators of consent to the provision of factual information should be allowed to be given special treatment.
In comparison, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come soon with concrete efforts, full cooperation and full cooperation in this Committee and other multilateral frameworks, in particular through the full political will and demonstrated national priorities shown in capitals around the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the Monitoring Group's report contained worrying facts that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As soon as discussion of an item concludes, the next item will be discussed immediately if time permits.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place of:
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be held in public unless the President decides that a closed meeting is required because of exceptional circumstances.
Clearly, there can be no real lasting peace in the Middle East without resolving Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on positive developments in the overall security situation and the engagement of the international community.
Mr. Vassile (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having organized this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gave us the opportunity to hear such excellent briefings by the Ambassador of the village of West, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Improved treatment programmes using best medical findings, prudent assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums for field staff, relevant contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology for determining the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the evolving workload of missions.
d In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount assessed on Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was reduced by $18,068,667 or $5,580,000 from the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income.
To mark the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their determined work in this regard, in close coordination with the international community, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reiterating the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access of alternative development products to international markets,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 was to consolidate the fragile foundations for peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States and by the nuclear-weapon States is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of forests, resulting in increased deforestation.
As a result of the receipt of complaints of different nationalities of mercenaries on various fronts, the Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 to recognize the gravity of the conflict at that time.
The discussion at the second meeting of experts on the legal definition of mercenaries also indicated the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention of 1989.
Determined to encourage strict adherence to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that proposals on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will notify the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If further assumptions were made that 30 per cent of the portfolio would work together, requiring 50 per cent of the total risk to be borne by commercial lenders, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs would be covered by the initial payments of project sponsors or beneficiaries, the value of investments supported by $200 million could be as high as $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) of 1991, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity, on the Bamako Convention on the Ban of the Import of Hazardous Wastes into Africa and on the Control of Their Transboundary Movements in Africa;
At the Ministerial International Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation, held in Almaty, Kazakhstan (August), the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “Challenges and opportunities for further improvement of transport systems and economic development of landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided an additional detailed account of trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops corresponding to the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
These items are either of a high value or of an unusual nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chains of inhuman poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all countries, large and small, respect the Charter of the United Nations.
Are we, as debtor countries, going from poverty forever?
We firmly believe that these modest reforms will give greater interest to the various stakeholders in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to a full debate on the issues of great importance so that decisions can be implemented more easily.
2003/3 Programme and budgets, 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and bodies of the United Nations system in supporting the activities of recipient countries, in particular in supporting the activities of developing countries and in particular the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; it was also asked whether any measures would be taken by UNCTAD to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities in support LDCs, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries.
Iraq now has a Governing Council, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both points to the path to peace, the date on which all people are free, that is, the time of peace.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is a pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism lies at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a mixed presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, unlike a purely presidential system.
In general, there are two situations in which violations and reparation are made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri Brigade comprises 4,800 authorized military personnel, including four battalions and support units.
MONUC has since taken a number of actions to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain a number of suspected private weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identified, inter alia, a number of matters for action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with the words “in implementing the results of the Department's annual programme impact review”.
In the objective, replace the words “the Millennium Declaration” with the words “the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration)”.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize, at the regional and national levels, conferences, workshops and other activities on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade;
Discrimination against persons released from prison
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems supplier entities, potential donor and end-user countries, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure the provision of safe and seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility in November 2002 to identify strategic approaches to enhancing participation in national forest programmes and to build partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other relevant members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve lasting and sustainable peace.
He noted the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial measures taken to strengthen the role of civil society in Southern Sudan under rebel rule.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Mr. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-5973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In this process, dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society are essential.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus1 also introduced, on behalf of Kenya1 and Yemen,1 a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements was transformed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of member States and the continued debate on the annual declarations and prior notification of standardization and improvement of quality of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands would not change unless the people wished to change it.
Encourages the relevant authorities to introduce programmes for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civic affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia rightly illustrates the importance of justice in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorism matters, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant parts of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As for the Tribunal, it would be required to communicate with the Organization, as required, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To enhance dialogue with major groups, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, as described in Agenda 21, as well as their participation in the work of the Commission and in sustainable development activities in general;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of policy makers was supported, so that their policies and plans took into account the social aspects of water management, energy and environment.
Performance measures
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, upon request of interested Member States, in the timely delivery of disaster relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association for Volunteerism also has a volunteer liaison representative who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association for Volunteerism and communication on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which would be strictly followed and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed in the name of counter-terrorism, which was becoming a pretext for torture and suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, ECOWAS and French forces observed attempts by armed elements to cross the ceasefire line and the possible serious consequences thereof.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent of relatives: 27.2 per cent of friends: 7.8 per cent of co-operative or working-related persons: 52.7 per cent of themselves (below information): 25.0 per cent of strangers: 1.6 per cent other.
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons as a group are not inherently vulnerable, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the material, social and economic environment beyond their control, thereby increasing their risk levels.
The ways in which different groups specifically express their common concerns vary, but they agree that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprives them of their voice and rights.
A few families dump their homes for medical expenses and loss of income for medical treatment of members of infected families.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” suggested that the draft articles should examine the responsibility of international organizations exclusively from the standpoint of international law.
The Commission maintained an appropriate balance between the incorrect equating of international organizations with intergovernmental organizations and the desire to adopt a uniform definition of organizations even if the scope of the draft articles might be unduly limited.
Fifty-seventh session
(a) The primary responsibility for protecting refugees and other persons under UNHCR responsibility;
Taking into account the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I re-evaluate UNHCR's position within the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Mouvement pour la démocratie et la justice au Tchad and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken in designing super-priority for the financing of purchase money is whether such priority should be given to the seller of the goods alone or to banks and other lenders that provide financing for the acquisition of the goods.
The advantages of determining such priority claims could be to promote social objectives.
For creditors, clear and predictable priority rules and effective mechanisms for identifying and determining priority rights in the provision of credit are equally important as the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most commonly co-signed are the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, the inspection of all goods entering or exported from Somalia to neighbouring countries requires significant human and sophisticated inspection equipment, which most countries in the region do not have.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of cargo.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that support should be provided to the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the result of the voting and said that delegations had gathered together to change their main thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as: “The expression `discrimination' means the granting of different treatment to different persons, depending solely or primarily on the race, place of origin, political opinion, colour, creed or sex in which they belong, one of whom is subject to various restrictions or limitations, while the other is not subject to any restrictions or restrictions, which enjoy the privileges or preferences that the former cannot enjoy.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to the same services without discrimination and equality.
The placement services are provided by the company's headquarters and by the District Service Centre (including the Gozo Centre).
Since the rules applicable to each category differ, the Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “young people” and “young people”.
As of October 2000, 323 children lived in institutions, of which 173 were boys and 150 were girls.
The list of cases, by location of the property, lists 68 such areas.
The invisible mirror can only be granted in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are followed up at prenatal clinics in maternity hospitals.
Given the size of the Maltese Islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A mentoring scheme and some support were also provided to provide services for students in need.
Malta favours the concept of culture as an expression of a broad range of personal, social and economic values.
The document considers these creative activities as fundamental activities to ensure the sustainable development of the country, because it has the potential to bring economic value to the society as a whole.
1989-2001 Rental and Sale Orders issued by the Housing Authority
Despite significant efforts being made, wars, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to seriously hamper the sustainable development of African societies.
I am thinking in particular of issues such as finance, debt, market access and transfer of technology and experience.
In the development of the country, the importance of trade will not be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of auditors of recognized associations.
It is important to reaffirm that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, non-discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of their human rights, and that “any violation of fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities”;
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the French-German non-paper, in favour of the mandate of a comprehensive convention on the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, and on the other hand to regulate other forms of cloning by giving future States parties the choice or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, or by regulating them through domestic legislation.
Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and in the absence of objection, I shall invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council in due course.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimensions of the Iraqi problem.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decisions.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to come forward in predicting possible crises.
The illicit possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and aggressive separatism are often staggering, posing a threat to the foundations of the international system.
This month marks the two and a half years of crisis in Israel, as well as in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — a two-and-a-half-year period of insecurity, a growing political stalemate and economic destruction.
My delegation will therefore make its utmost contribution to the sustained efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who fought for the cause of justice, such as the ban on United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for national independence, were persecuted.
He will clarify and further elaborate on this approach and the necessary integration of human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Criminal Procedure Code.
Table 21.32
Employment and unemployment rates have deteriorated in almost all countries of the region, despite the fact that, to date, Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela have experienced a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions when discussing scientific facts.
Specialized organizational and external resources are the main sources of funding for most evaluations.
The process of making results a relevant scientific policy is as important as the data collection process” (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/MarineAssessment/reports/Iceband-proposal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions in the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Cuba case study”.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to inform troop-contributing countries annually on this issue.
In response to this question, reference is made to the responses to subparagraphs 2 (a) and (b).
Camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements, refugees were intercepted, denied access or forced repatriation and were denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Also under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, and the burden-sharing was a central theme of the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, a projectile opened fire at the United Nations plane in Baldere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicated that both Governments and non-governmental organizations had participated in the process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Government or the National Assembly.
Students prefer religious classes and science and mathematics are not popular.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends awards of compensation in respect of this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis placed by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges in the Barents Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its effects on the marine environment, changes in the production, growth and mortality rates of fish stocks; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals assembled in the Arctic environment, although their sources are scattered elsewhere; (iii) oil exploitation, the need to harmonize industrial development with conservation fisheries and the protection of the cleaner environment; and (iv) the rapid rise in ocean deposition from Western Manchilla in 2015, which is expected to the west.
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping in areas beyond national jurisdiction, as well as the effects of climate change, posed a real and continuing threat to the marine ecosystem of the Arctic.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to disseminate the voice of the United Nations to every corner of the world;
The programme agrees with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring that entrepreneurs need support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Ingénieurs du monde, Lausanne, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitriu (Romania): Mr. President, since this is the first time we have taken the floor during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the modalities of verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach have been proposed and widely discussed.
36 Since 1987, 2,450 Palestinian houses have been demolished in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) for lack of prior building permits, resulting in the loss of 16,700 Palestinians' residence.
Its portfolio is currently approximately 100 loans with an insurance value exceeding $5 million; an additional $3 million is for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will benefit from and benefit from the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over 10,000 students received scholarships for Eastern Europe, the USSR, Viet Nam and China during the same period.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of the population aged 15 years and above and 5 per cent of men completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8, the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18, the number of district hospitals from 96 to 131 and the number of health centres from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore innovative approaches with the Ministry of Health to provide counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
The same curricula are offered to men and women, with children playing football, volleyball, gon and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous adolescents have taken note of the experience of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the First Meeting of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey announced its intention to accede to the Convention during the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have been instrumental in defining and clarifying different aspects of the problem.
Everyone knows, however, how much they can cause if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We believe that we have seen only the beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supported the Secretary-General's efforts to modernize the human rights treaty system, particularly with regard to reporting requirements, which placed an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of the various peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political — military issues”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account equitable geographical distribution and the type of principal legal system.
In the first stage of its work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 universal conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they had put in place effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanisms of the initiative include steering groups organized by target countries, donor countries and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services play an increasingly important role, first and foremost as a factor in promoting and implementing these goals and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability of societies.
To make progress, we need frank dialogue and concrete recommendations.
Mr. Tavora (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the following Pacific Islands Forum members that have joined the United Nations: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my own country, Fiji.
Individual committees could also play an important role in bottom-up and bottom-up discussions.
It was said that a proposal submitted to the National Assembly Sub-Committee on Fundraising and the Senate Finance Committee during the first session of the Congress would amend article 956 of the Internal Revenue Code and, importantly, article 936 of the Tax Code, which the federal Government decided to eliminate most tax exemptions.
CEB members generally concurred with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered that the report's recommendations were acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the barriers to the reception of atmospheric and hydrological network data in the global data centres, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address these issues for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in purchasing crude oil from Kazakhstan and signed an agreement with that country in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the exploitation of petroleum resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that international treaties have precedence over Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on free access to information sets out the conditions relating to the right to free access to information and sets basic requirements for the provision of information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent WFP/FAO report states that the reconstruction project resulted in a 12 per cent increase in rice harvest in 2003, partly offset by a sharp drop in corn harvest due to last year's drought.
Integrated Management of Childhood Illness, implemented under the Health Strategy of the Ministry of Health for children aged one to five years.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to East Timor strengthened cooperation in various fields of education and science.
Legislation based on the policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen national police and public administration capacities, with full respect for democratic governance and human rights principles.
The decision reinstated the use of the language used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly Variant 1 (4), subparagraph (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74, and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the failure of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China to attend the meeting was an important sign, and he urged all Member States opposed to the process to reconsider their positions.
Italy
As a result of the increased experience with the use of procurement cards and the use of the PaymentNet software, this limit has been increased to $2,500 available for all card holders to conduct a single transaction.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director, Division for Treaty Affairs, will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
In Russia's view, measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-polluting energy source is a key factor in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Remote cooperation and communication between students and teachers and other schools has also begun.
WTO (Tourism) World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is reserved for the administrative management of ODS.
Changes to the programme narrative and further modifications to the narrative of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-20051 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been de-listed.
Programmes-related international organizations generally consider statistics to be a tool for the development, implementation or evaluation of health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June this year, the European Union has decided to concentrate its efforts on a number of measures.
In the Conference on Disarmament, the EU and its member States are actively committed to seeking consensus for negotiations on a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, based on the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards the above objectives can be summarized as follows: to encourage the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East, to firmly preserve the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to free the Middle East from weapons of mass destruction; to recommend concrete measures to reduce tension and build confidence in the Middle East region, under the auspices of the United Nations, to control all forms of the arms race in the Middle East region, to place all nuclear facilities in the Middle East, under the safeguards of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency's security; to strengthen intelligence cooperation and confidence-building measures between the countries of arms-exporting countries of the Middle East and the Middle East; and the region of the region of the Middle East; and the region of the Middle East; and the Middle East; and the Middle East; and the Middle East; and the Middle East; and the region of the region of the region of arms-exporting countries of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and, in this context, reiterates the appeal made by President Olusegun Obasanjo for the international community, during the General Assembly's general debate two weeks ago, to work to conclude legally binding international instruments to regulate the supply of such weapons to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included protection of “whistle-blowers” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned at the acts and situations of violence and discrimination resulting from religious intolerance affecting many women,
Such analyses must be carried out with the direct involvement of the agencies and programmes concerned.
If specific deficiencies in the publication programme are found, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new ones.
Such an approach could not be seen as a reform, but rather as a lifting of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide the Centre with appropriate administrative support, as necessary.
(a) A legal representative on matters relating to the Centre shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict zones and has participated in more than 20 meetings convened for that purpose since 1952.
Like many countries on our continent, Ethiopia is suffering for a long time as a result of conflicts and wars and their consequences, and in this regard may suffer more than others.
The project against child abduction was reported as another important activity of UNICEF in the Sudan in conjunction with the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed the need for programme managers to comply with regulation 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue so, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform objectives, not to the peace objectives in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Policy on Women, adopted in July 2000, provides for positive action to increase the representation of women in the Government's legislative and executive bodies and in political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 status assessment and analysis.
14.5 Women in rural areas and adoption of family planning methods
In a statement to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolution affirms the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
The pattern I found in my previous report remains unchanged that aircraft often fly to the sea and then enter Lebanese airspace from the north of the UNIFIL theatre of operations, thus escaping the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the renovation of premises should make it easier for access to buildings.
The report also discussed trends in the scope and methods of contraceptive use among married and cohabitants in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
Despite the international community's strong commitment to guaranteeing the survival of humanity, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than a billion people in the world were still suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change undermined stability in many countries, that millions of children continued to die as a result of lack of drinking water and sanitation, that disease continued to cause tens of thousands of deaths, that gap between the rich and the poor and that unsustainable patterns of production and consumption persisted.
Other matters
Recalling that, at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations, heads of State and Government resolved to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among people in all societies,
This trend confirms the declining trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), in accordance with existing legislative mandates, the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission has been prepared.
The debate showed that, although progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there was still much room for addressing the main issues in the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salinization and the reduction of nitrate contamination of groundwater have been rising.
By commemorating the World Day, national support for the Convention could be renewed and experiences and knowledge-sharing promoted.
When travel is not required to leave the home for overnight stay, the allowance shall be 40 per cent if the trip is not less than 10 hours, the allowance shall be paid if the journey is 10 hours or more.
Repatriation grant
The work of this regional intergovernmental organization covers a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed that a delegation be sent to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat, thereby demonstrating the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the refinement of the electoral law, to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to realize the right of women to participate in public life in all fields, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage, inter alia, through counselling, children of both sexes to make many educational choices to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that several recent changes in British Columbia have had a disproportionate negative impact on women, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Law on Governance of Indigenous Peoples” currently under discussion does not address discriminatory legal provisions that still exist in other laws, including the rights to matrimonial property, identity and belonging to family groups that are contrary to the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in promoting the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and welcomes in this regard the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan News Fund has established two awards, the “Best Report Award” for female journalists and the “Best Gender Sensitization Award” for male journalists or female journalists.
Research will be carried out in the media and peace areas, with particular attention to the Latin American and African regions.
In December 2001, an international non-governmental organization maintaining official relations with UNESCO adopted a plan of action for the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, in collaboration with the UNESCO Unit for the Coordination of Culture for Peace, launched a project entitled “The Heritage and a Culture of Peace” in December 2002 in order to find a monumental or emblem in the local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation and to give greater attention to the concept of the local population and the general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic features of the various stages of the value chain.
The Controller participated in meetings of the ADB Forum of NGOs organized by the ADB Forum and ADB in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government was studying the possibility of introducing models for the successful transformation of prostitutes by civil society (particularly taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only attribute of women and should in fact be a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
The elimination of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons worldwide is a long-term goal of the United Nations.
Increased troop-contributing commitments were not the only challenges facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has assisted in post-conflict peacebuilding without the deployment of any military personnel.
The two countries were largely on track, so the world was likely to meet the targets by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
The goal is to enslavement people by violent means, to manipulate the voice of the people, to undermine free consent and freedom of expression, which are the very foundations of all civilizations.
It takes advantage of the weaknesses and loopholes in the judicial order in our social organizations and in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort, convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which was considered at the Committee's twelfth session; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1-4 for consideration at the Committee's twenty-first session.
The Act also stipulates that the Commission on Learning and Skills, in the exercise of its functions, shall take fully into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as the disabled and non-disabled.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the field of engineering and technology include the “Review of the Lord's Resistance Army of Greenfield”, which is a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve recruitment and retention of women in the field of engineering and technology, and at highlighting the achievements and contributions of women in the field of engineering and technology.
Two members of the General Assembly of the Northern Ireland Women's Alliance were also Vice-Presidents of the General Assembly, two of whom were women before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See annex 2, tables 10.3-10.5 (article 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government had put forward a plan of action to address low reporting and conviction rates of rape.
The document took into account the comments made on the action plan published for consultation in 1998, which provided a comprehensive description of violence against women and how to combat it.
Where effective international and local contractors require terms and conditions that are not acceptable to the United Nations or management, or where the re-bidding of such contracts is cost-effective, management may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
Actual progress has been made in the tripartite process, as stipulated in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the degree of progress in the renegotiation, the deadline of 21 November should be observed in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common interest and determination on the part of all Member States of the United Nations.
That is to address the special needs of Africa.
Clearly, for the time being, the consensus within the United Nations is that there is a tendency to increase the number of elected non-permanent members only, and we will support that approach.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important additional instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the process of developing these systems, the Court requires a great degree of flexibility.
As already stated in part one of the present budget, the Court needs more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, an Appeals Chamber and possibly a Trial Chamber to handle the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• To present specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on leadership levels
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to add a second team in June 2004 and a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracing and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation will require assistance to ensure regular access of field office staff to the court network.
By maintaining day-to-day liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the main United Nations offices and other international organizations, the Chief of the Security Officer also represents the Court's security interests in the international arena.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court, to use different methods to explain the principles, objectives and actions of the organization to its target audiences and to the public at large, based on a proactive communications strategy; to create a good working environment for highly educated employees; and to establish an efficient public professional library and document reference services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To bring to the attention of the receiving services any matters that the Secretariat deems necessary for them to consider;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate means of providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities and authorized me to sign it during the week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations implement, as a matter of priority, Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action to relevant recommendations of the internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to say a word about this issue today.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), adopted by the International Trade Organization (ITC), which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General had already submitted recommendations in that regard (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee would report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources necessary for the fulfilment of its mandate and by improving the provision of services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The background and objectives were explained by the members of the original sponsor committee.
Sexual abuse of children is severely punished by law.
However, some girls have finally completed their education.
In addition, other actions have been taken by the Government and civil society:
- To change the mindsets of the population, which continue to be rooted in the culture of society, which has slowed the progress of women.
As pointed out by some delegations, reimbursement for troop costs in 2002 was significantly higher than reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment; this was due to the rapid and accurate calculation of troop-contributing countries of the number of troops deployed, while contingent-owned equipment costs required more specific information to be reimbursed.
The report contained recommendations that the Advisory Committee considered should be addressed directly by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
Thus, the Republic of Croatia formally assumed the obligation to combine the provisions of the European Union with the entire legislation, which would make it necessary to make the overall legal adjustments to gender equality issues in accordance with the standards set out in the legislation of the European Union.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in human beings, adopted in 2000 and 2003, are detailed in article 6 of this Report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we take into account other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is higher, with an estimated 350,000 in 1998 and 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services at the Paediatric Clinic in Zagreb continued its activities until the end of 2003, with its programme “Education for youth on reproductive health and overall health”, in the form of curriculum, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly rejected the inclusion of the item on the agenda of the Conference, as it contravened the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was observed that the distinction made on the basis of whether the goods were unloaded from their original means of transport seemed somewhat outdated.
An alternative suggestion was that the protection should be expanded to all parties involved in the maritime industry, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council pointed out that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the December 2003 report to the Secretary-General.
The four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property by Iraq.
Iraq was urged to return the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to return their remains to their families.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to ascertain the fate of the Shakkan fleet will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman noted that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC success in its further work of strengthening national anti-terrorist alliances.
The means of promoting the global market itself — improved communication, media access, better transport connections and faster and easier international travel — have contributed to the development of global terrorist networks that breeds a common message of hatred that seeks to achieve common goals of killing and wanton destruction and to defeat moral morality, and thus control civil society, particularly multi-democratic societies.
“terrorism is a symptom of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts had been delayed in the past by budgetary constraints; it could not continue to be postponed and UNDP had a considerable impact on the quality and competence of those posts.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to strengthen the United Nations system's presence in developing countries, which is part of the Secretary-General's reform.
Organizational reforms have also been introduced at the divisional level, and in the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat), the Statistics and Tools Section and the Global Urban Observatory have been merged into a section using the latter's name.
The monitoring function has been expanded to include, in addition to existing urban indicators and geographic information systems, programmes to monitor urban inequalities.
Capacity development themes will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
In 2007, PeopleSoft escalated, perhaps introducing new features
What challenges are:
As the National Committees usually use contributions from other resources as a basis for regular resources fund-raising, this would make it possible to increase the fund-raising capacity of regular and other resources.
Given the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance in the preparatory process, activities that have a multiplier effect and activities that may have a significant impact on the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexican Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, coordinates programmes, including immigration programmes for children, youth and adults in Mexico.
The Philippine Government's measures in this regard have proved that the rights and dignity of women migrant workers have not been effectively protected from illegal practices related to the highly profitable sex industry.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the development of basic knowledge on the causal factors affecting women in the current migration process, thus enabling informed decision-making.
The management and documentation of the Conference constitute “the central and fundamental aspects of the daily functioning of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387, para.
In consultation with author departments, the Department sought to find a consolidated report on the methodology and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of pre-session documents for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integrating the human rights of women and a gender perspective
The table above provides for RFMO that have regulatory powers in relation to the functions defined in Article 10 of the Agreement, while the latter is more limited to RFMO that often provide advice on scientific matters.35 These two types of RFMO can exist in parallel and complement each other: the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES) provides advice to NEAFC and the Forum Fisheries Agency may provide advice to SOPAC.
Effects of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
69 See, for example, Conference decision II-10 ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwaters linked to surface waters may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Re-emphasizing the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in demand reduction, in accordance with the international drug control system, to reduce drug trafficking and illicit use and their related consequences,
Iraq contends that Facet did not deliver the goods in time because “the material was sent and invoiced until 4 July 1990” and “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arabian Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for the “provisional subsistence allowance” for family members, which relates to the compensation paid to employees whose families remained in North America during the period covered by the claim to compensate them for the necessary costs of maintaining their residence in both places.
(a) Chevron Research and KNPC concluded an agreement to supply catalysts to each installation prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait;
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid USD 2,762,640 annually for ship and machinery, calculated at a rate of 0.003 per cent of the amount of USD 10 million (which should be payable per ship in excess of the value of the ship (Cheverron U.S.A.).
The case concerned the International Islamic Charitable Fund, known as the “Carity International Foundation”, which is based in Chicago and is an organization on the Committee's list.
The present document is submitted pursuant to that request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the policy of not first using or using nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or non-aligned States with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command structure, including a political council, as the only body authorized to use nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the post of High Commissioner, I have highlighted this in particular in the project profile.
Indeed, in the case of many countries, there is no phenomenon of poor countries developing faster than richer countries, or “comparisoning” to rich countries or “reduce disparities” in per capita income.
The Court shall examine, ex officio, the conformity of its applicable legal provisions with the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) Reducing the time required for the planning, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with Security Council mandates;
A consultant is requested to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue, noting that the quality of information provided by the media on climate change is “considered to be very general” (France), “the media did not clearly clarify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media did not play a role in spreading ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that people must understand and understand these issues and must know what needs to be done to address this problem and what role they can play in this process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped into short-term (three years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years) recommended actions.
Donor-funded strengthening institutions and training programmes must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated waste water discharges into vulnerable wetlands may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education is included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The latter's almost unanimous view was that there were no individual rights without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only, but also that if those responsibilities were defined in an appropriate manner at the international and domestic levels, there were some formal and important benefits that could be available to both rulers and rulers.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declaration of risk” (art. 1, para. 2 (c)).
Other documents
We are equally angry at the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, particularly at the present time of the illegal construction by Israel of the expansionist wall in the occupied West Bank and in the Jerusalem neighbourhood of the Near East.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern at the massive loss of life, material losses and unprecedented destruction caused by the continuing violence and the excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
The captain has some confidence that: “You have not adapted — you have nothing, not?” — “I have a single” — “What?
One of his expertise, that is, one of the expertise of the training camp, is the use of toxic agents.
The scope of activities in Zakawi is not limited to this small corner of north-eastern Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take important decisions that the world looks forward to with greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I call on the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the manner in which children are hired to harm their health and development, to prevent them from attending school or to fulfil their school-related responsibilities, or to the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on minimum age and recommendation 146, Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and Recommendation No. 190 and Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers compensation that ensures an adequate standard of living for them and their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusterio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Javier González Ibáñez, Igayría,
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Najaj, introduced the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean and Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group apologized for not attending).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the accuracy of press releases.
President: Shi Jiuyong
The Computerization Division, comprising one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the Court.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to adjudge and declare that:
It is currently issued only on an exceptional basis if the documents annexed to the pleadings and correspondence are indispensable for understanding the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, even if they are deposited into the bank for the sole purpose of obtaining a bill of exchange, it is likely that funds will be diverted for illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general criteria, his delegation supported the further consideration of the proposed streamlined job classification system and looked forward to the detailed report of the Committee to the General Assembly on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, which had been decided by the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership calls for mutual accountability: developing countries undertake political and economic reforms, while developed countries support it, particularly through aid, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-sixth claimants were in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Claims for uncollectible receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment claims were verified and valued in accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211 to 215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering that extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disaster reduction must be addressed in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the National Assembly for Peace and Non-Violence of the World Assembly, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 by the Indian Council of Culture and the Gandhi Memorial Museum worldwide (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that, in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States are urged to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and myself, along with all the representatives present here, are deeply mourning the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and others, who have been tragically murdered.
Estonia is a party to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of destroyed items.
In addition to United Nations and international governmental organizations, AMI also cooperates with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Federation of Air Traffic Movement Control Associations (IFATCA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCIAA), the International Council of Air Carriers Association (IAOPA), the International Federation of Freight Forwarders Association of Freight Forwarders Associations (IFTA (IFA) (IFA) (IFA) and the International Organization (IFA) International Organization (IFTIFA), the International Organization (IFA), the International Organization (IFA).
English and French are working languages, but in some forums, including meetings, other languages, such as Spanish, are also used.
The first lender, a pre-insolvency lender or a seller of goods, has a continuing relationship with the debtor and its business, and may advance new money or provide trade credit to improve the possibility of recovering its existing claims, perhaps by raising the interest rate of the new loan.
Some laws adopt a default rule to the effect that failure of the insolvency representative to act within the prescribed time would result in the contract being considered, for example, rejected or unenforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a corporation or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be entrusted by creditors to the insolvency representative or decided by the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor presiding;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are adopted, the requirements of other laws that may prevent or restrict the use of torture and thereby delay access to justice are suspended.
Failure of creditors to file claims prior to final reporting and accounting may result in different outcomes depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
Where claims made in the proceedings are the subject of consideration outside the insolvency proceedings, such claims generally fall under the nature of the claim and may be provisionally recognized in the insolvency proceedings before the dispute is settled (subject to the application of the stay measures - see chapter II, B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor or insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken in many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative convene a meeting of creditors and present the accounts after the assets are realized and distributed.
The threat of an unconventional attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily life.
We have not seen Israel taking any practical steps towards that goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the view of other members of the Conference that we all pledge to resolve the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to worship or assemble in connection with a religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall orientation of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and add a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
The General Assembly, in its resolutions on the rights of the child, continued to emphasize the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two statements were distributed informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 “Phase I - Feasibility Review of Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana”.
The discretionary invocation of exceptions by States in bilateral dispute settlement would undermine the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the diplomatic protection of corporations.
Third, the orderly classification of State practice should make it possible to establish the reasons for the unilateral act or conduct of the State; the criteria for the express or implicit commitment of the State, particularly but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organ responsible for the act or act; and the circumstances and conditions under which the unilateral undertaking may be revised or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Commission on Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace.
A project is currently being implemented with the support of the Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovations.
A growing number of new Rotary clubs have been established around the world, with the fastest growing areas being Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of a durable solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, will host an opening exhibit on family issues on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. near the Café at the first basement of the General Assembly building in Vienna.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to highlight the very important role of the IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and note the considerable progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan emanating from the conference will help to build further confidence and ensure that good security records continue in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the action plan against nuclear terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supported measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff work on a daily basis in these areas and in many other areas in order to make our world better and safer.
A natural person who has no place of business shall be subject to his or her habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration to the electronic signature after the signature is detectable; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition was not the text of the instrument, but rather the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be carried out in two phases.
6.8.4.5 The requirement of 6.8.3.1.3 shall be met in cases where the use of a lari is necessary to maintain dangerous goods.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and establish their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the scientific and technical activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, in particular on issues relevant to developing countries,
As from Wednesday, 3 December 2003, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Agenda item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- International Decade for Action, “Water for Life”, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicated that young girls were given the space they needed to achieve themselves.
As a Main Committee of the General Assembly cancelled the meeting originally scheduled for 27 October, the proposed open-ended panel on commodities could be absorbed by existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the Human Rights Development Report 2003 made it clear that, if the situation did not improve rapidly, sub-Saharan Africa would have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by 2129, and that by 2147 it would not be possible to reduce child mortality by two thirds by half and 216 years.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's renaissance.
Developing country producers must overcome a range of obstacles in order to take advantage of these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission can facilitate the work of the Commission.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and the wounding of some 47 others.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant found that he had been placed in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly arose prior to the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), but continued after the date of entry into force, since the deprivation in question was `life'”.
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found violations of more than one provision and subsequently proposed a package of measures that could be classified as above.
In response to the State party's objection to admissibility, on the grounds that the conduct complained of was not committed by a State organ, but by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry Insurance Committee which the State party could not influence; in this regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party's obligation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to assign part of its functions to other self-governing bodies still exists.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed issues such as alleged discrimination in the loan market, the use of insulting languages by individuals, 203 and access to public places or to public services.
Human Rights Committee, communication No. 172/1984, Brokers v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Mr. Kammer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect. K, para. 9.2.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
School graduates are selected for further training at universities to become teachers and managers of cooperatives are sent to study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, following a decision of the Tribunal, Radio Bombolom was re-launched, the first case in which the Tribunal over several years reversed the decision of the Administration.
Commentary
The events of the past year have put the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on many fronts and have clearly demonstrated the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen it.
A $10 million contribution and $500 million fast credit have been agreed under this joint programme, which is expected to show complementarities between capacity-building and lending operations, as well as between the United Nations and development financing institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McCafri, presented a detailed study on this subject.
(d) Conflict cases;
Bulgaria also signed memoranda of understanding on the exchange of financial information with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, there is no longer a joint central administration on the island, whether legally or in fact sufficient to represent the whole of Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leadership has repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political settlement of the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoration of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive evolution was confirmed in 2001, with an increase of 1.9 per cent in the year and the 2002 outlook figure in that direction.
Article 24 of Act No. 7.170/83 punishes the intentional financing of terrorism of another different kind: “To recruit, join or support illegal military organizations for the purpose of combat, armed or unarmed, in any form or in uniform”.
The security situation must also remain stable and facilitate the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, a fence of about 300 kilometres has been built, which has prevented Palestinian terrorists from infiltrating into Israeli population centres to kill civilians.
Germany regrets the recent upsurge of violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
The wall has trenches, roads and fences that go along with it.
The European Union maintained close contact with the parties concerned and was willing to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to stopping such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably anticipate that the data message will be sent to that particular information system. ]
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there seemed to be no measures taken to mainstream a gender perspective into government policy.
Deeply concerned about the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent lives and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue was “The Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future tasks”.
Draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 was unbalanced because it imposed transparency measures only on conventional weapons and excluded weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to harmonize national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of the organizations and agencies responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
English
The diamond inspection advisers, cross-border inspection advisers and airport inspection advisers are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
In particular, the pains that children experience can lead to their nightmare, bedding, sleeplessness and sleep insecurity.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be merged with the discussion of special priority rights and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of such reviews, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed that British citizenship be extended to citizens of Overseas Territories, while requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, particularly on human rights and regulation of financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 5 million to build roads, mostly financed by the Bank of Anguilla and the Commercial Bank of the Caribbean.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon all States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; requested the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide, within their respective mandates, assistance to Palestine refugee students in higher education; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipient and trustee for the special allocations for such scholarships and scholarships and scholarships and to Palestine refugees and to be awarded and to eligible candidates.
Tunisia welcomed the recent publication of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should concentrate on a smaller number of issues in order to avoid diverting resources away from issues already of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stabilization systems
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, as mass exoduses typically occur in crisis and conflict situations where national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF produced a copy of a bill from Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipt from the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
Noting the fact that the Chairman had not applied his earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure, he wished to place on record the following statement that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and the Chairman's earlier explanations.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance in support of UNMIK police activities.
Having said that, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the Conference in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat, within existing resources, to provide the necessary resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the International Meeting among Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States News Network, in order to encourage contributions and support to the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Adriatic troika will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources for the joint implementation of the declarations that we have adopted on all fronts — which have given rise to great hopes in the hearts of our extremely poor peoples.
Our efforts to re-energize our economy urgently need to be complemented by new FDI, official development assistance (ODA) transfers, technology transfer and increased cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We were equally sad to learn that Ms. Agila Hashemi, member of the Iraqi Governing Council, died as a result of injuries sustained during the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in dealing with identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean Monne and Robert Schuman has led to the creation of the European Coal and Steel Community, which has since expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration body known today as the European Union.
High-pressure instruments and acts of will continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Option application or opt-out
Some support was expressed for that suggestion.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
Access to the database is available through the INE website (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
A revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also with regard to those targets, we are evaluating the evidence collected so far on each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his country agreed with the Secretary-General's analysis contained in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on enhancing support for South-South cooperation and public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly exchanged communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, similar institutions exist in Hong Kong, the occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On the basis of the text of the revised draft text of the Cancún Ministerial Declaration (Job (03)/150/Rev.2), submitted to the Conference on 13 September 2003, WTO member States continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally felt that the revised draft did not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. For those who use force, threaten the use of force or use other hijack aircraft or vessels, the penalty is between 7 and 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that it had become one of the co-sponsors of Denmark and the United States proposals on such mines.
Format of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but the Unit will require a considerable amount of additional resources to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased significantly and the nature of armed conflicts has changed dramatically.
It was to be hoped that in preparing the report, consultations would be as broad as possible not only within the United Nations system, but also within relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) has signed agreements and memoranda of understanding to exchange information with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama on the investigation of financial networks.
• The description and list of items of importing companies;
Also in December, the Council of Europe experts held preliminary discussions with UNMIK and local leaders at the central and municipal levels, initiating a process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A disciplinary code had been implemented and a recruitment policy would soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendation of the working group established to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the national report for the next session of the Subcommittee, which would highlight new mechanisms and initiatives undertaken by member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enabled Sweden to obtain full data from all regions of Europe from Earth observation satellites in a direct reception model.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group would participate actively and effectively in the work of ensuring that the final outcome of the Conference would be acceptable to States, both in its form and in its content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on demining technology were held at the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) on the basis of which an annex to the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared.
6.7 International Testing and Evaluation Programme: an international programme that facilitates cooperation among participating States to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and means.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the resolution and to explore any possibility of full and effective fulfilment of his mandate in the exercise of his mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system to them; there will be no alternative to a truly non-discriminatory open system.
Finding solutions requires taking into account the real trading economy of a given country and assessing its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the CST expert group, to select three to four representative case studies in reports received by Parties, to be submitted by Parties to the CST at its seventh session;
The Chairman of the other Main Committees of the General Assembly regularly used this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, the increase in local staff salaries effective 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 for overtime to local staff travelling to and from the Damascus and Faouar camps on a daily basis.
Every year the federal budget contains an allocation for the protection of the security of stockpiled chemical weapons, which is an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities has already applied a number of procedures to be adopted by the promoters.
(2) Provide or demonstrate skills or know-how for terrorist organizations, their instructions or their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the term “law provision” might give the impression that it referred to other laws and that “law” meant a clear reference to the law relating to the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, causes socio-economic paralysis and worsens as a result of the blockade.
That is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of two States living side by side within secure and recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the serious threats posed by those regimes, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illicit nuclear weapons programmes, hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are not known to all delegates and the world at large.
According to UNOMIG, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to comment on certain aspects of the work of the Agency that the international community focuses on.
I usually hear the donor countries, and I do not know what the donor's counterwords are.
He spoke eloquently, candidly and candidly about the sinking and transformation of commodity-dependent countries.
The above Guidelines are intended to provide a normative and coherent risk assessment framework that allows the Government to offset threat changes by differences in the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that special efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts of human activities that are not destructive, degraded, polluting and threatening the health and viability of fishery resources.
The flag State control over its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the press synthesis material published by the Energy and Transport Division of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be authorized to deal with issues requiring prior clarification.
The Committee recommended that ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish information exchange and networks of policy and experience exchange; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The secretariat updates the country database annually on the basis of the three criteria used in the revised system.
Strengthen the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to fight poverty and integrate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Board.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “Institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular part VIII of which: “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, through the objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for African development.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposed discontinuation of certain outputs.
It was pointed out that statistics were one of the areas where duplication of work might occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other parts of the United Nations, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure consistency in its policies.
Table 24.13
Revise the paragraph to read: “(c) Support the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, while focusing on the thematic clusters of the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, through enhanced knowledge base for sustainable development; technology transfer; more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in the implementation of sustainable development”;
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 seemed to require too much and should be carefully addressed.
In addition to the legal non-recognition of Roma in the countries of the Americas (except in Colombia), social discrimination against Roma is reported in many places, and there are frequent instances of police ill-treatment of Roma in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is proposed that an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities be established.
However, it is difficult to establish international standards for the proper integration of the two measures without imposing restrictions on some countries.
They also provided an overview of the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including in relation to the strengthening of regional networks of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reiterates its approval of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, took note with appreciation of the Strategy, which outlines the overall objectives of mine action, while recommending areas that should be given priority by the international community as a whole during the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are mutually exclusive, but complementary and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important with the obligation to exercise law and to administer justice.
In accordance with existing legislation, representatives of the ICTY have the right to follow the proceedings and to obtain the archives of the Tribunal, and the evidentiary material obtained by the ICTY can also be used directly in domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to act on the question of Iraq, to stop the bloodshed there and to resolve the deteriorating crisis in the Middle East in half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision-making body of the United Nations compels us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
Questions were raised as to how can we support preventive efforts in such places?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach needs to expand the functions and processes that must be considered in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to further contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit, in accordance with the modalities of participation established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the question of the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” affirmed by judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and the writings of jurists.
According to the theory of a right to a remedy, the injured alien would have to exhaust only remedies that arose from the right and that might lead to a binding decision.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law, 1990.
(a) The General Assembly decided that air tickets currently used for attendance at the General Assembly should be set aside for delegations of least developed countries to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council in accordance with the principle of precedence;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as indicated in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the various ways in which a concessionaire might be granted the right to bonded labour by studying the legislation of many countries.
Before the twenty-fifth instalment claims were submitted to the Panel, the secretariat of the Commission undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although responses were received from some claimants, none of them met the above criteria.
Contributions to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include, under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”, a regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The review was mandated by the General Assembly, and the approach taken by OIOS to that mandate focused on a number of administrative areas where the Organization's production could be improved by streamlining them.
The EAPC countries reaffirmed their commitment to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions on combating terrorism.
The Bill deals with:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council made other tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how its work contributed to raising awareness of the problem of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category did not respond to the Group's report, despite the opportunity provided.
None of the above recommendations can be implemented in the long term unless regional solutions are found.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the family-related provisions of the outcomes of the United Nations summits and world conferences of the 1990s and their follow-up processes continue to provide policy guidance on strengthening family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive approach to development,
The present report is prepared pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the late issuance of those reports and reports on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the disbursement of advances from the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union shared the Committee's view that the status of advances made to the Humanitarian Coordination Bureau in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide this information to the Committee as well as similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide reasons, amounts unfrozen or released and dates.
In our banking and financial system, other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators) are not authorized to carry out any kind of financial activity.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a well-known and systematic long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subordinate local administration, whereby the Turkish Cypriot people who claim to support the reunification of Cyprus should not have the occupation forces and become members of the European Union make critical comments.
On a different scale, the “biotrade” exercise is also designed to integrate the environmental and social aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) integrating, to the extent possible, potential new knowledge areas relevant to the development issues addressed in the context of capacity development work; and (b) taking flexibility in designing actions so that new issues or models can be adapted as necessary.
Conclusion and recommendations
The Doha mandate meant that the international community was working together to reorient the WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should take an active part in the decision-making process to sanction a Member State and follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions run counter to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hinder the pace of economic and social development of the affected countries.
The Committee enquired as to why baseline data on performance measurement were lacking in three bienniums and why no output projects were proposed for discontinuation.
Several factors have contributed to this change.
(t) “Private person” means any employee, executive officer, manager or official of any entity, organization, business or private legal person other than the unit in which the official functions;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the fundamental concepts of its legal system:
(c) For the purposes of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may, as it deems appropriate, provide assistance, to the extent appropriate, of its discretion, regardless of whether the act constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject matter and nature of the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceedings to which the request relates, as well as the name and functions of the department conducting the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceedings;
States Parties shall [executing] [adopt] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out within an appropriate time period.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that it was also important to ensure that the system designed by the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and avoided unnecessary duplication.
The increase in emissions from all sectors is projected in the figure for the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with the “measures” scenario), except waste management.
Note: A description of national codes, see annex.
These rates include the remuneration of lawyers and office costs.
One of the last three of the retention of lump sum payments could be used to cover the additional months of instalments if the trial period was longer than previously scheduled.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization identified as terrorism is cleared, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 ministers for foreign affairs have expressed support for the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have an equal right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Forest-related definition issues
The process of preparation of the present report indicates that while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad, owing to better practicality and cost-effectiveness, most of those engaged in cooperative practices do not have the guidance of institutional policies.
Many Governments had abandoned the prescriptive philosophy that prevailed during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources were major obstacles to expanding South-South cooperation.
UNDP field staff networks have been expanded and are working with key partners to utilize these resources to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
A successful response to terrorism would need to be focused on the following three main areas of activity: first, preventing terrorists from having access to terrorist activities (e.g. preventing the financing of terrorist activities, combating forgery documents, etc.); secondly, not harbouring terrorists and ensuring the prosecution and/or extradition of terrorists (e.g. expediting the conclusion of the counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying terrorists entry, and strengthening law enforcement agencies, etc.); and third, increasing resistance to terrorism (e. (e. by strengthening domestic security measures, for example, by strengthening domestic security measures, enhancing domestic security measures, enhancing domestic security measures, improving the capacity to improve crisis management capacity and management capacity and management capacity to manage the consequences of crisis management and consequences of crisis management and management and management and management of crisis management and management and management and management capacity).
The development dimension must be an integral part of IIAs in order to support national policies in attracting more FDI and increasing its benefits.
Non-governmental organizations organized a national photo exhibit to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on literacy training and on the retention of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the wall was a unilateral act that did not comply with the road map, which made it even more difficult to create a viable and continuous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first part and second resumed session)
The small and Handicraft Industries in Jordan, Amman, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, with reference to the notes of the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that the United Kingdom has nominated Mr. Peter Love, Acting Controller (British Court Services) as a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Resident Partner, Lilongwekul Lebrand International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and, to that end, to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance;
For example, three of the countries with the highest degree of port openness to the private sector (Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack sufficient funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Former Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 had been submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Kronenberg-Mossberg (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supported the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agreed with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off should be allowed to determine the net exposure of risks, regardless of whether the termination of those contracts occurred before or after the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in some of the preliminary investigation reports of OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including, where appropriate, taking prompt action to address staff complaints;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are also two prominent human rights activists who are charged with treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the follow-up to the Programme of Action on ensuring respect for human rights as an important factor in the management of migration flows, the consolidation of democracy and the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the Implementation of the ECOWAS Moratorium on Small Arms and Light Weapons, referred to in the preamble to the present resolution, on all activities undertaken by its members to implement the present resolution, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several country teams participated in specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi participated in the HIV/AIDS debate, and Nepal participated in the Millennium Development Goals debate.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman also held several consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel has not been able to establish any direct link between these requirements and what is happening in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals could violate the ban because they had multinational nationality or residence permits in other countries.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of ethnic groups in Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and recommendations for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session on how to address the outstanding amounts owed to Member States by closed peacekeeping missions with net cash deficits;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, on the basis of input from the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has consolidated a draft that the Committee, after considering the draft, has the possibility of reaching consensus on a universal system,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore crucial that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify the types of terrorist acts that could be caused by fanaticism or criminal intent, which could not be served by political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
This principle is more relevant when the world faces greater dangers.
How should we do that?
However, there are issues that cannot be brought to the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — which you can also correct our assessment — is vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna pointed out in his statement a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth handover of the functions of the President, which is essential to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of land law; the inadequacy of forestry and agricultural concessions for the effective guarantee of the poor; the compensation of some displaced persons as a result of road construction projects; and the relocation of street children and the poor.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to shift from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment for a period of time (18 May 1995).
If the above-mentioned act results in the death of a person or other significant consequences, the penalty shall be 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
If the above acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; for the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What was the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) told us?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the unanimous adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — a last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with the inspectors in the disarmament process — can some progress be made in this cooperation, but it is still far from “conditional, immediate and positive”.
From a legal standpoint, what is the meaning of the right to health?
The third type of disease, which is seriously neglected, receives very little research and development in rich countries and is largely non-existent.
Global standards against terrorism.
Advocacy and dissemination of the “ Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources”, which the Counter-Terrorism Committee has focused on.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
A question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with existing practice in the use of certain types of transport documents, such as “prepiece” bills of lading and “scheduled” bills of lading.
A general comment was made on the repeated use of the terms “transport document or electronic record” in the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument from its inception to its end, with the aim of highlighting the difference between the transport document and the electronic record, rather than focusing on the content of the document as intended by the mandate of the Working Group.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to subparagraph 12.2.2, which was required that the text of the draft article should indicate the liability of the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict with the draft instrument with other transport conventions, such as the question of how to calculate compensation and where damage had not been specifically identified (see paras. 258 and 264-267, respectively).
The Permanent and Observer Missions are kindly reminded that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 p.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and the authorized vehicle will be reopened at 4 p.m. on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the growing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and also highlight the efforts of the international agencies that need to coordinate their activities in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with ICAO on further methodologies for improving the quality of data reporting and support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities requested that all air transportation take off from the northern part.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the reporting of livestock disease systems and livestock vaccinations;
The Department's booklet entitled “The United Nations and decolonization” was drafted by the Decolonization Unit of the Department in 2001 as a response to numerous inquiries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, focusing mainly on the role of the United Nations in Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the options for the future status of the Territories and the assistance available to the Territories.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction that the Anguilla press had provided comprehensive coverage of the Department's press releases on the Caribbean regional seminar, and that local television had also broadcast a parliamentary debate on that press release.
Under this provision of Swiss law, there is every reason to freeze assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act is changed, the EVA system will be revised immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions is currently being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In accordance with the requests of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292, to further strengthen the United Nations Office at Nairobi, proposals to strengthen the regular budget component of the Office would be included in section 29G, Administration, Nairobi, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibits and graphics, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of Monterrey as a whole depends fundamentally on the larger vision of global partnership.
We must now work to reflect the spirit of partnership between the poor and the rich countries that we saw in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine the stability of industries, regions, international banking systems, financial markets, international business voucher documents, international trade to countries.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law can also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred by the arbitral procedure jurisdiction.
The Internet and computer technology not only increased the use of traditional crime (e.g. identity theft, theft of intellectual property rights, infringement of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also increased threats to business and government by attacking key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communication).
• Ensuring free access to outer space through measures that apply equally to all parties, while avoiding the release of debris to the extent possible;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are the root causes of disillusionment and the creation of new conflicts, and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without correcting the growing international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that, until nuclear weapons were not completely eliminated, NAM members should, as a matter of priority, endeavour to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government totally rejected the use of these issues as a pretext for limiting developing countries' access to markets or for providing assistance and technology to developing countries or linking them to multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also taken similar measures against stockbrokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restricted ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, independent courts or tribunals should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees provided for minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure to all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Some $6.5 million would be required for civilian staff training, with some $1.7 million for peacekeeping military training.
In practice, all Thai commercial banks and financial institutions follow the guidelines contained in the circular and report their actions to the Bank of Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of HIV/AIDS strategies.
(b) Campaigns, involving media and prominent personalities, to serve as good models for men's roles and to increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA contributed to the development of a national population policy and updated census information, which is critical to better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
At the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Director of the African Regional Bureau; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator; and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, Head of the National Economist and Head of the World Bank Mission in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations, 1970;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, addressed to you (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed its support for that and, as a result, facilitated the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
For the first time, the implementation of the UNCCD was discussed among all affected European Parties.
In conjunction with the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002 to provide an analytical summary of the needs and proposed questionnaire on regional cooperation of each Annex IV country and to identify further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal of Ambassador Amorim to address unresolved disarmament issues within the framework of an enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
Several representatives commended the comprehensive and comprehensive nature of the report of the Executive Director, demonstrating their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in information and telecommunications systems is a major factor and a precondition for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI) for an initial period of six months to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties, and to include a military component in the Mission in cooperation with the operations of the French and ECOWAS forces, in accordance with option (b) proposed in the report of the Secretary-General;
Under resolution 1460 (2003), parties to a conflict that recruit or use children in violation of international obligations applicable to them immediately cease the recruitment or use of children;
We are greatly encouraged by the strong support given to our initiative by the letter of the Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, read out at this meeting on 21 January by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, at a time when this proposal will be formally launched.
“In reading the report of the 2001 annual session, I am fraught with contradictions.
Children continue to be the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from RUF to allow humanitarian access and release of abducted children and child soldiers, while the Civil Defence Forces made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize child soldiers.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for an “era of application” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities on Iraqi territory, difficult times have passed.
As far as Japan is concerned, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils the primary responsibilities entrusted to it so that ways of meeting the challenges facing the international community can be found.
It is not an issue for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Governing Council determined that the claimant that had filed a claim before the Commission had a duty to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss “the total amount of the compensable loss would be less the loss that might reasonably be avoided”.
At the broader level, significant progress has also been made in strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements for military, civilian police and civilian personnel and in the procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education was another major consideration, since poor families often did not have equal educational opportunities or in some cases had no opportunities at all.
When migrants do not meet time requirements, making social welfare claims may endanger the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration has eroded intergenerational support for indigenous peoples over the years and has cut off relations with traditional areas.
In some countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the elderly, who are physically weak, are considered particularly vulnerable to abandonment, many of whom are breaking their lives with their families shortly after leaving the labour market, thereby losing material support.
Such a legal framework often does not protect indigenous peoples' traditional knowledge and cultural heritage, as indigenous peoples emphasize joint ownership of all their resources.
The lack of coherence between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of claim preparation costs in the future.
In one claim, compensation is sought for amounts owed for goods shipped to Iraq under a sales contract with agents in a third country.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1(1.1) report, paragraphs 94 to 96).
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith, for your information, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Appointment of technical experts from the Organization of American States to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border”, which will be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
UNHCR assists refugees, particularly women and female-headed households, in accessing adequate housing, which constitutes a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/weshm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development issues that balance North-South interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and in formulating national trade policies.
The specific implementation of the above-mentioned provisions depends, in each specific case, on the complexity and details of the request, and if the established time limits are not met, a schedule of treatment will be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partners in American Samoa are the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall posed serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built and that existing ones continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cumberbach Miguén (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that it joined the consensus to adopt draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but that does not mean that my country favours — to borrow the language of the draft resolution — the use of the concepts of operative paragraph 12, such as “culture of protection”, which we have not yet adequately addressed within the framework of the work of the Organization, and which might be blurred, and which might open the relevant principles of General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991 of the Charter of humanitarian assistance.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (report, para. 45) provides a breakdown of income increases of $13.2 million.
But the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the outcome of the ABM Treaty, which is the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of terrorist acts committed by extremist groups or individuals, however serious, powerful States should not exercise their inherent legitimate right to self-defence by unilaterally launching unpredictable wars that could be global, since countless innocent civilians could die from the war.
The most important question of avoiding defining the meaning of this law can only be counterproductive.
In the most recent national elections, a government-funded campaign encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the strong relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the National Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs) is a major feature of the country's first MDG report.
As the country participated in the CCD precursor project of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission, it was assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in the preparation of the new draft legislation.
In this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded after-service health insurance reserve.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment report, as well as a summary of the outstanding reports, an overview of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the challenges that have been continually encountered in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that research projects were being carried out in the areas of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
Measures already exist in the region to address law enforcement issues at the Forum level.
The objective should be to establish a management mechanism with better understanding of the resources involved and the environment in which they are generated, as exploration activities take place.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made during the period since May 2002 in the follow-up to the special session on children, both in general and in regional terms, highlighted the actions already taken in the four main target areas and called for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Government, NGOs and civil society organizations in the region urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and young people.
Noting the growing awareness within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, as stipulated in the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRSG International Rubber Research Group TDB II
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the horrendous terrorist acts that took place on 11 September 2001, in which it also condemned the horrendous terrorist acts that took place in Bari and Moscow and urgently called for international cooperation in preventing and eradicating terrorism, and recalling Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombing of Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Decides to allocate to the Fifth Committee the items proposed in the Secretary-General's memorandum for consideration by the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnology can complement these obsolete technologies and improve their effectiveness.
It would be pointless to expect the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands to be resolved during both visits.
To engage all nuclear-weapon States as soon as appropriate in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves be able to act and participate in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement in the framework of the Convention's additional documents, as well as the cooperative work programme with countries that voluntarily promote “special agreement”.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who have reasonable grounds to believe that they are a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for particularly serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that the education of their children is in the interest of:
In many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in several regions in Asia, Africa and Central America.
S-19/2 Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on an integrated primary health care and referral system.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health.
For example, at the policy level, only 4.02 per cent of senior women administrators (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (table 5).
At the lower secondary level (11 to 13 years of age), the net enrolment rate for girls fell to 26.2 per cent for boys to 36.5 per cent, suggesting that more than two thirds of children in that age group were denied access to education.
Mainstream Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with Specific Reference to Promotion and Industry in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Regrettably, after decades of occupation, bloody conflict and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has still not realized that the path to peace depends on the State's implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, all of which have so far been ignored by Israel's defiance of international law.
We will not re-orient our policies because of threats.
The efforts of the United Nations to stabilize, democratize and rebuild Iraq have the full support of my country, and I also commend the United Nations staff for their courageous and selfless work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through objective and rational implementation of a programme, rather than through artillery or jets, or through the mobilization of large numbers of troops to destroy hate regimes.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Board called upon all States members of the Authority and other parties in a position to do so to contribute to the voluntary trust fund.
In that regard, my delegation would like to stress the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184), which clearly warns us that, despite the measures taken so far by States, such measures are not sufficient to prevent the negative social impact of the epidemic and to reduce the number of new cases.
The progress report of the Voorburg Group on Services Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (Conference room paper) is also being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative offers a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330);
In his written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi mentioned that Burundi was unable to pay its arrears to the United Nations owing to the terrible socio-economic situation in that country caused by the intense war that had been taking place since 1993.
In its written and oral representations, the Central African Republic pointed out its serious economic and social problems, partly due to earlier internal conflicts and continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution does not add a new budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to resource mobilization for TCDC and OECD (including from developing country Governments, donors under triangular arrangements and other sources).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthen child-related governmental institutions, including, where appropriate, ministers responsible for children's issues and independent commissioners for the rights of the child;
A/58/282.
It was said that helping to avoid a problem that became more apparent as a result of electronic commerce was not an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of that drafting suggestion and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector have fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which offers additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is prepared to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as linkage projects, to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC was placing greater emphasis on the assessment of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization moved in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of Member States in that regard.
We have seen no progress, but rather a departure from a peaceful settlement and a regression from negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Every word of the plan has been determined after a number of interpretations, careful consideration and full-balance.
This would lead to the re-establishment of a predictable and unlimited business environment, which has had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Weekly News, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under the paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people and Government of Côte d'Ivoire to the Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, for his tireless efforts in bringing about peace in the world and in Africa, and to do his utmost to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and to provide his personal support and that of the Organization.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols on terrorism is in its final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 384
Noting that, despite the progress made, difficulties remain in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society, to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, a complete report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and an addendum containing all replies received from Governments in one of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold a further consultative meeting for all interested Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council to complete the finalization of the “Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Law and International Humanitarian Law” and, where appropriate, to consider options for their adoption;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made in building a democratic society in many countries of the world, which has improved the realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to organize, before the sixty-first session of the Commission, a joint seminar with the United Nations Development Programme on practical ways and means of effectively strengthening good governance practices for the promotion of human rights at the national level, taking into account extrabudgetary resources, as requested by the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, to review and enrich information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, are important for achieving sustainable development and ensuring that sustainable development benefits all, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction that the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite the difficulties they face, continue to enjoy relative peace and stability and have access to basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations resulting from the circulation and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/18, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/21, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/27, 2003/28, 2003/29 and 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 231
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 222
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and the beneficial development of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Pre-deployment medical fees paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
The Committee therefore expects considerable savings during the current period.
That notwithstanding, it remains a time of great opportunity for the international community to identify at the Johannesburg World Summit a comprehensive topic of sustainability, and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, to chart a new and dynamic way forward for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide, within their existing resources, financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in the provision of financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of those Governments in the pursuit of the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights by all and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission and an interim report to the General Assembly on the activities undertaken under his mandate;
Explanation: DESA: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; RRC: regional commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC; UNEP: United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; UN-Habitat: United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, referred to in paragraph 15 (b) of the 2000 Final Document, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency throughout the NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility, and his delegation believed that UNRWA should continue to service them until their situation was resolved.
- Replace "55.6" with "55.0"
In addition, the Supreme War Crimes Commission held a hearing in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003 to acquaint the six persons and to maintain life imprisonment for one accused and to suspend the 12-month stay of another accused for six months.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and under the guidance of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Noting the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with a growing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandates and with OHCHR field offices to improve the flow of information related to disappearances using their unique status on the ground.
During the reporting period, the Working Group secretariat was unable to send reminders on 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
It is alleged that disappearances are linked to the broad powers conferred on the security forces under urgent legislation, in particular the Act on Acts of Terror and Dismissal and the Public Order Act, which permits preventive and long-term detention without many other normal guarantees provided for in the Penal Code.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to seek the best programme of action to address the issues that you have raised.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members will have resources to implement recommendations and focus on data generation to monitor internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and that ESCAP will be provided with adequate extrabudgetary resources to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meetings to review regional implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The same law on inheritance, marriage and donations.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as stated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations as States parties to all human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the European Social Charter (as amended in 1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol to the Charter in November 2000 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the area of public agriculture.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, it will not be possible to establish a genuine partnership with Governments to advance the goals of education.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State Party shall not deprive another State of its ability to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with that objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 in 1998 on the right to adequate food (which is annexed hereto for your information), which should serve as a frame of reference for the adoption of a plan for the adoption of an international code of conduct on the right to adequate food.
Many of these mandates establish linkages between human rights and development, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection rights and broader issues such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In collaboration with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights postcard campaign was completed to mark the 50th anniversary of the Declaration.
(d) Organization of a symposium at the International Training Division, Dtop, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that those responsible for violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that children's issues were at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies, as well as relevant regional organizations and agencies and non-governmental organizations, and to assist, upon request, in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction at the lack of progress in the implementation of this provision in various forums, and it believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
43 Arthur Okwemba, “Poor Countries Cry Fouver New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like its partners in the European Union, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that during the International Air and Space Fair (IAA) to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop addressed issues such as the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislative and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and record-keeping, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received indicates that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to the above-mentioned definition, in 2001 there were 415,000 people in Spain, 68 per cent of whom were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA communiqué, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax reduction factor for the purchase of housing, which indicates the percentage of wage income required to pay the first year of expenditure.
More than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and women of all ages, including young and older women, will focus on networking, information-sharing, knowledge-sharing and alliances between countries and cultures within the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace, and the further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting the human rights of women will remain a high priority.
Where available, they may also resort to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or obtaining redress.
“... it is fundamentally difficult to affirm that a State can make a full and free decision on the question of who the property brought into its territory is.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the individual opinion of Judge Vihear in the Barcelona Traction case (Preliminary Objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall, subject to their domestic law, endeavour to expedite extradition procedures and simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
The conclusion and implementation of such agreements or arrangements shall be in full conformity with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be carried out in strict conformity with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Corruption and Integrity Improvement Initiatives in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee felt that the definition of “public international organization” should not be included, since the term had been clearly interpreted in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered that it would be desirable to use mandatory language.
Discussions were also initiated on the concepts contained in the last phrase of the paragraph.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments on this article were made.
At the same time, it was still necessary to maintain sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting presented the report of the Group of Experts on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/OD/OC/03/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to reduced official travel costs and the absence of training, as the number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05 is lower for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations staff to travel to the Mission to address administrative and technical issues.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, the Committee was not required to decide whether Mr. A's expulsion from Sweden was in breach of his obligations under article 3 or any other provision of the Convention, even if he was not required to decide whether he was subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing on 18 March 2003 of a ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups paving the way for the meeting of the Ituri Pacification Commission, held from 4 to 14 April 2003, and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Identify, where appropriate, the knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures.
My country is therefore deeply satisfied with the international efforts aimed at achieving peace, given its support for the perceived harmful effects of the illicit trade in diamonds that many countries consider as fuelling armed conflict and delaying and impeding efforts to achieve peace and security in the countries directly affected.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Supervision.
• Abortion, Senda Publishing House
One of the Government's objectives is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to improve agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, the month of January was declared a counter-narcotics propaganda day.
“Targets 2004-2005: percentage of deployment requirements for all personnel using the standby system and rapid deployment levels or standby lists”
As for multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described as a way of thinking and war.
An exchange of views among representatives of Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society allowed for a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in developing and implementing targeted sanctions, using as its point of reference the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on the arms embargo and the travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Fifty-five years ago, two thirds of humanity remained under colonial yoke, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by vote, which formed the basis for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In a broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some people and their experiences of racist persecution and the impact of racism on their own development, but also to the development of communities, which, due to racism and racist-based systems, have not had the opportunity to embark on some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as the case in Haiti has shown in many respects, is now prepared to celebrate the 200th anniversary of independence, but the need the assistance of the international community.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government informed that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Court was also established to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Bata as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes region.
It was therefore essential that the international community actively support the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the need to include women in all peacebuilding and development processes.
We would like to take many initiatives.
The UNHCR reiterated its emphasis on the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations, and briefly reviewed the reasons why such complementarity was necessary, and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with NGOs.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides proposing a direct meeting.
Moreover, after Mr. Clerides' opening statement, one could propose the following approach: not only to render the Treaty of Guarantee effective, but also to apply it to the new configuration established by the Agreement for the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, which covers matters other than the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, and the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of its two allied States.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
English
(c) A closed-space ignition test referred to in subsection 31.5 of the present manual shall be carried out if the chemical burning of aerosol agents is less than 20 kilocalms/g and no ignition occurs during the ignition phase;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing objectives under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this grave escalation of Israeli actions, which could lead to a dramatic turn of the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa requested further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the March 2000 and October 2002 debate in Parliament, it was officially established that Azar and Abkhazia were autonomous republics of the State of Georgia and the Constitution was amended accordingly.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibilities of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for efforts to organize and oversee the referendum on self-determination of the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to the requests of the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries so as to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiatives of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, steadily moving towards synchronization of programming cycles and streamlining and coordination of procedures, establishing United Nations Houses in many countries, progressively implementing results management and budgeting, establishing the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and working together to establish effective collaborative tools, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) and their relationship with poverty reduction strategy papers in an increasing number of countries, all to achieve the objective of strengthening the coherence, efficiency and effectiveness and impact of United Nations development cooperation for development goals.
Voluntary contributions are made individually to individual organizations in accordance with their specific operational, mandate and scope.
• Central government expenditure as a percentage of all central government expenditures by category and use
In addition, a popularized version of the Principles, such as the Indonesian version of the Principles, was being developed with the sponsorship of various international agencies working in Indonesia and non-governmental organizations.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
They show that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do help mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expected the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve the methodology, for example through the consolidated appeals process, to address forgotten crises more effectively.
There is some degree of uncertainty about the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council shall make such requests.
However, as a result of intense debate within Burundian society, it was lifted after five days.
They are the victims of a great deal of violence perpetrated by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that demonstrates the awareness of the desire to overcome the fear that military personnel bring to them with the help of the justice system.
(a) Prepare a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that have been recognized as capable of conducting laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacology and biological psychology and can be consulted within their national territory;
Congratulates the United Nations Correspondents Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to come to United Nations Headquarters to report on the activities of the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it may increase the number of scholarships offered to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing them together as youth partners to identify and formalize a global advocacy initiative, the Global Youth Partnership, to prevent HIV infection among young people.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the lead in developing a draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (contained in document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed this item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on the morning of Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the current session, but no final decision was required.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text in English, French and Spanish, which had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat in accordance with decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties on the relevant web page, was not the official United Nations text of that decision.
For further information, please refer to information on the following Web site: Staplegef@.unep.org (note “notice signard”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be used for serious accountability and good governance:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training course.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 21)
No documents were submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further recognizes that other departments and offices of the Secretariat, as well as organizations of the United Nations system, are responsible for providing content and that the Department of Public Information is responsible for coordinating, improving, communicating and disseminating content in close cooperation with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A workshop was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in the countries of the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular emphasis on the options of self-determination available to the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Eula (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in responding to the first questions posed by members, and asked whether there was a third gender or whether the Special Rapporteur would refer only to the sexual orientation of the individual.
Accordingly, should a member State request that those languages be translated in oral or written form, the delegation concerned would bear the related costs.
WFP provided that basic English-language knowledge was necessary in all cases, while UNFPA provided that English was a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services worldwide, as well as the information component of field offices, produces raw print products in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese; English; English; French: French; German: German; printed in: Indian; Russian; Russian: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and freight and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approval of the medium-term plan as a forecasting framework for 2003-2006 (summary in table 4 of document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7), including the preparation of programme expenditures of up to $151 million for regular resources, for submission to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 The provision of funds through extrabudgetary resources for the network of field offices, mainly responsible for the promotion of technical cooperation, contributes significantly to dialogue with national Governments to advance their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned that unequal access to the labour market and women are generally limited to working in the agricultural and informal sectors, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that major actions had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act 2002, the development of comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programmes with stakeholders and the provision of affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
While appreciating the efforts of the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the imminent revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Committee is gravely concerned that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of their lives.
However, it is difficult to determine the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that comprehensive information and training is provided to law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public on all forms of violence against women and girls.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government to social development.
Slovakia's legislation on the export of arms and military materiel is contained in Act No. 179/1998 on the trade in military materiel, as subsequently amended.
These general ideas are set out in annex I, entitled “Summary of General Principles”, which is part of the present report and should be read in conjunction with the present report.
With respect to invoice Nos. 274-275 and 282-293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and shipping certificates, but did not provide a certificate of arrival.
Ina, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machinery was 28.65 per cent of the “purchase value” insurance policy.
(b) North Refinery project contract for SCOP: retention bond costs (“ Claim No. 5”)
The claim relates to alleged costs of evacuating employees and their families from Iraq, including travel and communications costs.
The Panel therefore considered contract losses, indirect costs/loss of profits, tangible property losses, financial losses, other losses and interest totalling USD 38,234,073.
Where the claim is found not to provide these specific items or to be accompanied by a statement of claim, the claimant is notified of such deficiencies and requested to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (the “article 15 notification”).
First, in order to prepare the bond to be received, a security arrangement is required for the principal sum of the subject of the bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in implementing the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating the seven commitments into its national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries on a comprehensive approach to promoting rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity to discuss in detail ways of improving the financing of operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globaloceans/index.htm1#forum).
Convinced that, whatever the manner in which mercenaries or mercenary-related activities are used or the form they take to acquire some form of legitimacy, they constitute a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders were valid until 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work to implement the recommendations made in the report of the Human Security Committee.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible for them is to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place them under the control of the Commission, rather than placing them outside the Commission.
We trust that the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address the specific issues raised in the cluster of items.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only through ballot boxes by political figures who have acquired existing power by force.
UNIFEM work in this area increased significantly during the previous period, the Strategy and Business Plan 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework contained below will guide UNIFEM programme choices, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the focus of support from the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has been on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the recurrence of the RUF insurgency, concerns about the capacity of the Republic of Sierra Leone army to maintain its territorial integrity have remained elusive.
As the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in West Africa is more difficult in Liberia, the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support its implementation in Liberia.
On appeal, he was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that he placed his passport in the custody of the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development agencies should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution could improve in this regard, but it does, in its operative part, call for the cessation of all terrorist acts.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, although the Moroccan Constitution recognized the right to work, the right to work was difficult to enforce in the absence of a low level of economy and a lack of real social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of phenylacetic acid were inaccurate: the probability of success increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that greater errors must be recorded, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the lifetime.
These measures must be applied by all interested parties.
Consideration was also given to the overall trends in the geostationary orbit market, and the trends of satellite operators in moving satellites from an operational geostationary orbit region after the end of their useful life.
Adoption of the report of the Conference
In UNCTAD, a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to technical cooperation and capacity development in UNCTAD's areas of expertise will be pursued through enhanced interdivisional cooperation.
Any regional office or sub-office that may be established by the World Tourism Organization shall work closely with regional or subregional offices established or to be established by the United Nations, in particular the offices of the regional commissions and resident coordinator offices.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general insurance premium for the biennium 2004-2005 would be $7,578,000, and that the general insurance premium for United Nations property administered at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 would be $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of ODS will increase significantly.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to report on the measures taken and the progress made in the enjoyment of all rights, as well as on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Regrettably, the delay has been very serious since the Committee's establishment.
The national policy in this regard should be clearly spelled out in the instructions given to the regional military commanders, and allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without a report and the presence of a delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system facilitated coordination of humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries committed themselves to adopting policies to create a people-centred approach to development, with the aim of ensuring that the necessary environment is created in their countries to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction materials, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
Important commitments were made in the light of the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and sanitation, and modern energy services.
We encourage the two countries to speedily complete the demarcation of their common border.
In particular, concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for special attention to be given to this issue by international and national organizations working on crisis resolution.
To assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was undertaken and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Mattiya Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the distribution of the longer versions of national statements.
Mr. Cebani (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you elected as Chairman of the First Committee, the Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, assessing the role of existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and identifying areas where additional international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in its task of preparing complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, to the extent consistent with the fundamental principles of its legal system and in accordance with the gravity of the offence, consider establishing procedures whereby persons convicted of offences covered by this Convention shall be disqualified, through a court order or any other appropriate means, within a period of time determined by its domestic law, from:
In the absence of such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be undertaken on a case-by-case basis.
The position of nuclear-weapon States has remained unchanged.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) on the adequacy of global climate observing systems, immediately after the closure of the SBSTA's eighteenth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, on the contrary, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the liberation of peoples remain a sacred duty.
It needs the attention of all parties and the international community to help it grow up.
First, while there is already a strong normative framework on landmines, the instruments addressing unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
In general, military peacekeeping forces did not carry out large-scale investigations, marking or mine-clearing operations.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of binding international instruments governing unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promoting the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach, which identifies the importance of regional approaches to addressing the uncontrolled proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we also made a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in the area of human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with key national information campaign urban poor partner organizations to support non-governmental organizations, all levels of government and sub-partner organizations such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, etc. National information campaign committees have been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal and a regional commission has been established in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned Council resolution, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives as an inter-sessional subsidiary body of the Council to enter into force immediately.
We will betray our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa awaits a multidimensional response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (148) as at 1 December 2003
Negative security assurances are that the nuclear-weapon States undertake not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most courts are not functioning and most basic facilities are damaged or plundered.
Training on integrated logistics concepts will also be provided to personnel.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
Voters who do not have a permanent residence registration certificate at the date of the election are entitled to vote in the local government administrative district where they are finally registered.
Similarly, women have access to special educational programmes and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for students with physical and mental disorders and special needs to develop general and practical labour skills, as well as vocational education.
The current social security model is based on the fact that social taxes are made a precondition for obtaining most social security.
Under the Social Security Act, persons who have lived in the Republic of Latvia for the last 12 months, but whose total days are not less than 60 months (Latvia citizens with personal status codes, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons, except for persons with temporary residence permits), are entitled to a State social security benefit for persons with disabilities.
At present, the State allowance for children born before 1 January 1999 in Latvia is 4.25 Latvia LVL, 5.10 LV or 1.2 times the first, 6.80 LVL or 1.6 times the third, 7.65 LVLs or 1.8 times the fourth child.
Disarmament remains the key to making progress in the peace process under the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this item sent last year.
The conditions of validity applicable to general legal conduct, which relate to the legality of the object in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to the generally recognized conduct, in particular the act of the State.
In particular, the question was whether the author State could modify, suspend or withdraw the act unilaterally.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties associated with the assessment or possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation schemes.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve their procurement measures, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors already registered with another body of the United Nations system, inter alia, by using the Internet and issuing their procurement materials on their respective websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
My delegation would therefore like to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive impact in order to contribute to that goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process under way in other countries of the Great Lakes region has also progressed.
However, nothing would prevent this new Great Lakes Community from extending to other countries such as Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that much progress has been made in negotiating draft resolutions dealing with this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the Plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing low-cost energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes enhance the rights of rural women in accessing resources, particularly land, inheritance and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women at the policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and action by States to combat terrorism shall be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, the debate was further pursued in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations so that the full implementation of the self-government arrangements can be carried out with full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this public meeting on an issue of great importance to Australia and to the Pacific Islands Forum countries, as my colleague from Fiji said.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to assist those efforts.
Bougainville has suffered greatly over the years from the devastating effects of the proliferation of small arms, which have caused social damage that is visible in the neighbouring Solomon Islands of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the Transition Group complements our ongoing commitment to provide other assistance to the people of Bougainville, which is channelled through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more should be done.
“People!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased informal, adult and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address, in updating the workload standards, the question of the level of documentation translated from self-revision in order to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
In response to a number of specific questions, he said that the movement of natural persons was being addressed through requests and approval procedures for services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In defiance of repeated calls by the United Nations and the international community for an end to violations and acts of aggression, and of the dangers and consequences of the repeated warnings given by Lebanon to such actions, Israel continues, in many cases in depth into Lebanese territory, terrorizing and torturing Lebanese civilians and causing material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kate Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account its own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of socio-economic commitments contained in the Peace Agreements.
The close association of terrorist groups in transnational criminal networks has made it necessary for the Algerian authorities to redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), continued activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in this list.
It was pleased that some of the recommendations it had made to that end, particularly with regard to the establishment of aid funds and the establishment of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other countries.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Organization of Tourism successfully organized 10 regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Nearly 1,000 people from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and views among various stakeholders in the field of ecotourism, particularly those that had not participated in the regional preparatory meetings that had been held.
I, sect.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the issues.
The UNICEF Somalia office has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources across the country, laying the foundation for further development in more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for new missions to be rapidly equipped, impressive progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on those issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidatures
However, his delegation was of the view that the decision to retain or delete the attached footnote should be made in the context of the discussion in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy prepared for the implementation of the commitments made in thessaloniki, which is available to delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
In his address after assuming office, the President of the ninth session thanked the Parties for the confidence they had placed in him and his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Baru, and the members of the Bureau for their efforts during their term of office.
The COP is now in a position to consider the performance of these Parties in limiting and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the system.
These events have effectively charted the way forward for all of us to eradicate poverty, promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the action already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system around the thematic clusters covering the priority areas of the partnership, and in this regard urges that this process be strengthened with a view to promoting a coordinated response of the United Nations system in support of partnerships;
If this amount is not expressed in United States dollars, for purposes of comparison only, the exchange rate used in this table is the mid-August 1990 point exchange rate, as set out in volume 45 of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost profits of $70,787, $6,804, $146,724, $7,155, 48,789 and $126,344 respectively in six contracts.
In addition, where the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel selected 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date of loss, as that date was the date on which the claimant lost control over the assets in question.
In addition, KNPC was requested to compensate ABB for the expenses incurred or committed by ABB to a third party prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes, within the scope of the present draft articles, some of the issues mentioned but not addressed in the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model and taking into account some of the Commission's earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission take into account the following considerations:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself, as well as loss of profits and tourism (paragraph 174 (c) (subparagraphs (13) and (14) above)
The report should therefore focus on results or outcomes and avoid highlighting the process of negotiation of such instruments or the attitude of States in negotiating them or after reaching conclusions.
It was noted that the effects of recognition varied depending on the specific type of recognition.
Methods of work
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the real intention of the objecting State, rather than the position that the legal effects of objections to reservations, as set out in the Vienna Convention, were consistent with that position.
Unless the treaty otherwise provides or otherwise agrees, the withdrawal of a reservation becomes operative only when a contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of the withdrawal.
As noted in paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the creation of international judicial institutions and their interrelationship.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
See P.H. Imbert, “Reservations to multilateral treaties”, Pedone, Paris, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institut, 1988, pp. 223-224, and references cited.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, held from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of the modification, suspension, revocation of unilateral acts was also examined, i.e. whether States could modify, suspend or cancel unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years and are the longest-running prisoners in the world.
However, some relevant officials seemed interested in resuming those services and in exploring the possibility of resuming common services in the area of recruitment and medical insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in buildings and facilities management and conference services, which could be used as a reference to common services at the Vienna International Centre.
7 December 1983, A/C.5/387.
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and, more important, more systematic in collaboration with civil society organizations in conflict prevention and sustainable peace-building.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar, held at The Valley, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about the cases before the Territory's courts,
To that end, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this case, the Pygmies Act is suitable for the land leg of the area where the soil situation shows the most beneficial.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, Sea WiFS has also enabled global measurements of rich land and marine plants, leading to baseline measurements of the main parameters of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere during the five-year period in the photosphere-life support system.
(e) The need to coordinate all space activities at the highest levels of government in order to provide scientists with space data in many research and applications;
However, a growing number of people are increasingly breaking silence and acting more actively to oppose this policy that impedes normal relations with families and with Cuba.
Efforts are under way to develop an exception to the common law, within which such acts could be classified as serious crimes.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to fight terrorism effectively is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See the responses to subparagraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, eight are deployed to four districts (1 General Service and 1 United Nations Volunteer each).
The contingents in the other sub-districts would consist of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, supported by two national staff.
Questions not falling within the purview of other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people be bound by legally binding agreements: half of Norwegian young couples now have children are unmarried.
The often reluctance of women to report rape, especially when the rapists knew each other with the victim, was another reason why there was little allegation.
Article 3 483 - 500 100
This is the result of cultural patterns and the social status of women, but also of the choice of occupations with lower labour market demand.
At the same time, rural household registration expenditure (less than 3 per cent below income) indicates that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The Workers' Representatives Convention, adopted by the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 (1971), provides that the benefits to be enjoyed by representatives of trade unions and representatives of workers shall be protected in the same manner as representatives of workers, as both represent the individual and collective interests of workers respected by the principles of national legislation.
Data on infectious diseases in Montenegro, excluding influenza and AIDS, 1992-2001
Monograph “The disabled and their environment”, Alternative Learning Centre and Handicap International, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region, based on a change in that situation and Israeli policies and on the existence of two States, Palestine and Israel, side by side.
1.2 Progress reports on the enactment of legislation criminalizing the financing or financing of terrorist acts; adapting domestic legislation to bring it into line with the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The specific institutions for law enforcement and defence of the State, the Chilean Armed Forces and the Military Police (BPA), are not subject to the general subjective prohibition mentioned in point 2.
Mr. Tenwin (United States of America): The United States wishes to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, a draft resolution entitled “ Khmer Rouge trials”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in the early establishment of the Special Chamber.
However, there was no reason to avoid any reference to the reciprocity of a State's responsibility in relation to the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, sect.
As a result, El Salvador's judges, regardless of their rank, are independently considering the cases submitted to them.
18 In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the later reported arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, known as “illegal, politically unacceptable”, under which the two countries would discuss which air measures of the European Union should apply to the Territory and which should not be applied to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to highlight the human costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to disseminate existing international rules and responsibilities in the area of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular for the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support and well-developed child protection strategies.
These issues pose a major challenge to the informal or formal role of youth in forestry.
It was hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations would redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, Programme 8; and chap.
I cannot but thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a tremendous impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, demonstrated the usefulness of the Forum, as well as the wisdom of the General Assembly in its resolution 57/141, in which it decided to continue the process for a further three years.
Despite all the efforts made, the problems caused by pollution of the marine environment are, unfortunately, still far from resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are some specific issues in the area of ocean activity that require continued and concerted action by the international, regional and national levels.
The Conference marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it would mark the tenth anniversary of the institution.
According to the Attorney-General's Office, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
Several improvements to the security of the premises were also completed as planned (the upgrading of the blast-proof glass, television monitors and public broadcasting systems in the garage and on the roof).
Conclusions
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange for the inclusion of the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council or, as appropriate and in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, in the agenda of other organs or bodies of the United Nations.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library maintains a dedicated web page on the United Nations web site for the observance of Human Rights Day, which is linked to resources on related issues.
The role of national human rights institutions in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, to strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
The issuance or receipt of a signal by any person, whether by radio or television equipment or any design or by electronic means, owned or used for illicit purposes, is punishable by one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the results achieved over the past decade, it is not easy to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to make their proposals for reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality among States, as enshrined in the Charter, and of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the positions of certain influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not acted on Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country and the threats and possible trends to your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations is still seized of this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of further examination by the Board of Auditors of issues such as memorandums of understanding, predeployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people and create employment opportunities for them, action plans should take fully into account the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires would indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize the obligations that States parties had assumed under the international instruments on human rights to which they were parties and must not be construed as modifying their obligations.
Human rights defenders protest or criticize the implementation or adoption of laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, which themselves are the subjects of application of security legislation in many countries.
In comparison with previous national communications, Parties' third briefings have improved considerably in the presentation of information and in reporting on policies and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if this letter and its annex could be circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all member States of the Conference and to non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a Means of Developing a Digital Economy
In response to requests from mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the report of the Secretary-General on institutional procedures in the context of Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee on land and agriculture.
(d) The right to make decisions in pre-trial proceedings in other cases, in addition to those appointed to trial.
It prepared draft rules of procedure of the Board, terms of reference of the Panel and special contract agreements for experts serving with the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group, at its fortieth session, in October 2002, to devote most of its time to substantive discussion of issues raised in the preliminary survey of the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even with a rate of more than 10 per cent of infections, as in Uganda, can reverse the upward trend in infection rates.
But that is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA receives from programme countries that it supports, as well as the recognition that the mobilization of funds is a shared responsibility of UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 43 and 47; S/22110/Add.6-9, 13, 14, 20, 24, 32, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-41; S/1995/40/Add.14; S/1996/15/Add.11, 123, 46 and 50; S/23370/Add.3, 41 and 50; S/23370/Add.3, 42 and S/23370/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, S/2002/30/Add.3, 42 and S/2002/30/Add
Fourthly, the proliferation of military revolutions, the increasing complexity of weapons and the blurring of the boundaries between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction.
At the outset, the Management Committee agreed unanimously to the timetable.
This time has shown that the time frame for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people is set, but this should be done in parallel with the political process of achieving the Iraqi sovereign Government.
This may result in inconsistencies in requirements and other problems for enterprises, which are poor in the open requirements of information for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices that are members of United Nations country teams can play a very important role in this regard.
Examination procedures should be standardized, objective and transparent.
Where this adjustment method is used, reference should be made to the IPCC good practice guidance before reference is made to the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an exceptional one.
Upon completion of this work, we should — and I hope we can — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) and, in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, the process of determining the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: an accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to the acquisition of the United Nations consolidated building through a pre-lease purchase agreement with the United Nations, the land occupied by the building and the building at the end of which will be owned by the United Nations;
Environmental and social reporting must be verified in order to ensure its credibility.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, as well as the EFTA countries and members of the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and the negotiating capacity of developing countries by sharing knowledge of countries and regions on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) increased participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) increased use of knowledge management and information and communication technology in supply chain management.
The cooperation between UNDP and the regional commissions has also improved in some areas; however, the Executive Secretaries agreed on the need for UNDP to be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the HDR.
Economic development in Asia has an impact on global commodity demand and supply, which indirectly affects Africa.
As a result, efforts were made to ensure consistency in the policy of the Consultative Group, the round tables and the country-level development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the interconnectivity between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to repeated droughts and coffee crises in Chidanga and Managua and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will be undertaken within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must be over the age of 24.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial markets and the terms of trade, the control of environmental pollution impacts, the risks of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, of course, are governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal was to reiterate Russia's readiness to give advance notice of the spacecraft to be launched and its purpose and essential parameters.
4.5 Through joint investments of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects were introduced in poor rural communities, focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in sectors 2 and 3.
However, the proportion of women in the interior giving birth with the help of a doctor is only 7 per cent.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more effective and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has greatly expanded its scope over the years, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, abuse of international asylum systems, and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia itself has been the victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the largest ever terrorist attack in Bali on 12 October 2002 and, more recently, the Mali Olympics in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with major cases, the mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All the components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to exchange some or all of the market rates for Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela, after a comprehensive review of the countries whose rates of exchange had been adjusted for the period 2001-2003, countries whose gross national income (GNI) growth appeared to be in United States dollars, and those whose revised methods of exchange rates of exchange rates of exchange had been uneven during the scale.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, it will begin to apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on long-term financial obligations of the United Nations with regard to the enforcement of sentences,4 but the understanding that future budgetary requests for the enforcement of sentences would be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided in support of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Order No. 134 of 5 May 2000, responsibility for the preparation of national reports on United Nations human rights conventions was entrusted to an inter-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The meeting will be followed by more detailed reports reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
3 Infant mortality is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxford, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada facilitated action to establish the United Nations Conventional Arms Register, based on a common desire.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training sessions for a total of 631 training participants, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, NGO representatives, depository librarians and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary body shall notify the bank or the financial institution's headquarters of the matter so that a computer system can be established to properly track the movement of currencies.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to technical cooperation needs of LDCs within the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-Agency Trade-related Technical Assistance to Least Developed Countries and on expanding South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction activities.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 reflected the importance of maintaining resources for all levels of language training.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Institutions Appointment Act
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and continuing education of lawyers and judges adequately included greater understanding of equality and non-discrimination and of international norms and standards in that regard.
At present, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established in many cantons of the Federation, as the fight against trafficking in human beings can be successful only through close cooperation between the various units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States Parties to accelerate the achievement of de facto equality between women and men shall not be considered discrimination within the meaning of this Convention, nor lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; such measures shall be discontinued when the objectives of equality of opportunity and treatment have been achieved.
At the wage level in category B (roughly equivalent to the executive branch), the proportion of women among German staff is 52.94 per cent (117 women and 104 men) and 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men) in the category C wage level.
(a) Persons raising children contribute to society as a whole.
With regard to the participation of women in cultural life, the following could be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure to women, on a basis of equality of men and women:
Total monthly income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to increase tension and thus to attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor for the District of Testa, Ukraine (2.2 million inhabitants).
• Under article 500 of the Criminal Code, persons who facilitate and incite terrorist offences should be held accountable for offences if they are not able to identify those who actually commit terrorist acts.
Published in Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
It was an outstanding question whether the depositary should also communicate the reasons for transmitting information on the inadmissibility of reservations to other States parties.
Otherwise, the depositary would be transformed into a overseer and might lose the neutral “post office” nature, which was wrong under the current law and was undesirable under the proposed law.
The Committee was therefore urged to pay more attention to the circumstances in which the activities of foreign ships could result in liability, as well as to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts of flag States, States of registry and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, as a first step, legislation was increasingly characterized by self-contained regimes in areas such as environmental and economic law, and that rules and mechanisms for dealing with potentially conflicting norms found in relevant international instruments could be thoroughly investigated and rules of general international law, particularly the relevant treaty legal rules, should be analysed to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights to clarify the conceptual links between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts were needed to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
To avoid the conflict, UPDF withdrew from the Yambio camp and the police headquarters in the town.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to make every effort to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
Most of the efforts made in recent years for peace in the Middle East have taken place outside the Council.
In particular, policy makers would like to ensure that there is sufficient representation of researchers in order to address the increased demand that countries increase scientific capacity and focus more on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The focus of the subsequent two-year cycle will be determined at each policy session.
Policy paper by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness and the need, inter alia, for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technology to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict shall take all feasible precautions in an area under their control that is affected by explosive remnants of war so that civilian populations, individual civilians and civilian objects are not exposed to the hazards and effects of ERW.
The stockpiles of explosive ordnance should be subject to regular in-jectivity tests, as appropriate, to ensure that munitions can play their intended role.
Welcoming also the active launching of the strengthened review process for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
As we vigorously pursue the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals are respected and that democratic processes and due process of law are not trampled.
Such reporting would help the sanctions committees measure the degree of compliance with sanctions and identify the technical assistance needed by States to improve implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 into the work programmes of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The introduction of a multi-digit approach to staff resources, as implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), could be explored, including between OCHA and the Office of Human Resources Management, to address the needs of OCHA staff in large-scale or complex emergencies, while removing personnel from the United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve staff.
This enabled WHO to be fully eligible to benefit from the World Bank as a funding agency and to coordinate the relationship between the representatives of WHO in Dili and the experts seconded by UNTAET from the World Health Organization (although funding is only a small portion of the overall WHO activities in East Timor).
For details, see the Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The EU's recent emphasis in the Common Foreign and Security Policy on halting the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign that we very much want our joint efforts to be at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-handling devices.
He welcomed the UNCTAD report's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
As the Conference on Disarmament is facing an impasse, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that can discuss disarmament guidelines — will, as always, serve as a framework for effective and fruitful exchanges.
Since the inception of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways of eliminating nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously activate practical ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, on behalf of the States members of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it did not have a complete ban on landmines, but the way forward was broadly supported by the major users and major producers of mines.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat who holds an important post in the Othai (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) to take over.
His Government believed that the draft UNCITRAL model legislative provisions on privately financed infrastructure projects represented real progress, which would allow States to harmonize their legislation, and it was also pleased that the Commission had decided to consolidate the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including dates and venue
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted, inter alia, that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme
Mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the problem of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a precondition for the consolidation of peace and the commencement of reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an Administrative Coordination Unit was established in 1997 to clear mines and destroy unexploded ordnance.
Furthermore, the representative of Israel announced that he was prepared to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
Progress in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative was extremely difficult and slow, and countries that had already reached the completion point were unlikely to feel themselves at the end of the process that they had reached a sustainable debt level.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the enterprise resource planning system will replace all existing systems used by headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
The prison term may be carried out by electronic means of monitoring during the last four months' imprisonment.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre in the area of crime prevention and expressed the hope that future cooperation on issues of common concern would be pursued.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit Conference, I think it is my duty to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can convey to the members of the Security Council so that they take our position into account when considering the above-mentioned issues.
If we continue our efforts on the basis of the above-mentioned fundamental points, I believe that we can outline new prospects for global security: that human rights are respected in confronting the threats facing our times, including the threat of terrorism.
The rest will be reported in future instalments.
The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with the total category “C” original claims and the groups in this volume, i.e. with Kuwaitis, Jordanians and Palestinians who have filed claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide concise and highly general information on a number of issues that represented the Organization's technical cooperation in order to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this, the competition among United Nations technical cooperation providers leads to choices, while overall coherence is achieved through the country programming process.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and the relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop their cooperation with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, giving due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights when continuing their work in accordance with Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace encompasses respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and acceptance of differences and mutual understanding among States and among ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, and today, the range of values, concepts, traditional practices, patterns of conduct and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace has become an integral part of almost all major initiatives of national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian Armed Forces did not use air-borne cluster bombs, which could have a high impact.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/20033/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by these organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
The submission of lengthy national reports should not be allowed to cover States that are committed to supporting and glorifying terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations3 in respect of the safety of the staff of the Agency, the protection of the Agency and the safeguarding of the security of its facilities and facilities in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem;
Control of precursors
With regard to agenda item 107, “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160), following resolution 57/167.
Article 20 establishes the requirement that continuing nationality be held until the date of the request, and the rule is created in relation to individuals and should be extended to legal persons on judicial grounds.
However, there are still vulnerable employees who are marginalized under the ten-year deregulation of the labour market and are almost unprotected by trade unions, although there are allegations of breaches of good faith, mediation through employment relations legislation has resulted in less confrontational labour relations and the resolution of other disputes, such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation acknowledged that the ceiling on paid parental leave would limit the participation of fathers in the programme, particularly in the light of the wage gap between men and women.
In order to resist pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has endeavoured to maintain its focus on the release of children of marriage or relationship.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information to make recommendations by consensus and that all relevant standards for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met and that the appropriate procedures had been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions from the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first increase in net inflows was due to financial deregulation in industrialized countries and rapid growth in the European dollar market.
During the 1990s, official “savings” actions became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt-service issues, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementation of HIPC II: Meeting of Ministers of Highly Indebted Poor Countries with the Bretton Woods institutions to express concerns about the HIPC Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, Washington, D.C., 27 September 2002, www.dri.org.uk.
(h) Common integrated third-party insurance schemes should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), reference was made to the two proposed measures to improve the quality of reports and analyses produced by special procedures, including the designation of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and the selection of appointees, and the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines; and the need to strengthen the Organization's capacity to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professionals and the provision of good administrative support.
It was welcome, however, that of the 99 representatives of the National Assembly there were currently 14 women delegates, while one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council was a woman.
At present, the number of pupils enrolled in the preparatory cycle (second level) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of the existing educational infrastructure.
Although there are no parallel schemes specifically designed for women, the Royal Government is committed to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the special needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare, as Bhutan does not, unlike many other countries, prohibit divorce.
Most of the actions taken to combat this trade have led to the diversion of sex workers into the ground so that they are not monitored and dealt with or consulted on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
There is widespread awareness that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of information and communication technology in all countries and bridge the digital divide.
Finally, the areas of agreement and the resolution of outstanding issues are summarized in order to prepare a generally acceptable instrument based on the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and on the discussions and outcome of the open-ended working group of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee, and to recommend the format of the instrument.
The two hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and were extensively damaged; the second was used as a centre for the detention of hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the third claim hotel was extensively burned by Iraqi forces.
In this way, for example, in relation to the three claims submitted by persons operating hotels in Kuwait, as set out in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that the appropriate compensation period of 1 January 1993 was established by the first and second claimants, taking into account the nature of the institutions administered in each case, the extent of significant losses, the duration of the reconstruction and the improvement measures as part of the rehabilitation.
The value of the contents of commercial securities should be calculated, cash flows and reserves should be forecast and the expected profit and loss flows should be determined by assumptions.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of local civilians and of personnel participating in humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of the law, science and the arts, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution of Iraqi friends with common value to the Iraqi people should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people themselves.
Gross national income per capita fell to almost half the year 2000.
6 Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the proposed staffing levels for the biennium 2002-2003, and the projections for 2004-2005 on the basis of the information referred to in paragraph 8 above.
As a result, resignations occurred, as did the two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Notes
Source: Prepared by the National Statistical Office on the basis of Spanish higher education statistics and Spanish education statistics of the Ministry of Science and Education.
With regard to the overall population mortality rate, 371,102 people died in 1999, of whom 47.39 per cent were women.
The network, composed of professionals, seeks to promote the inclusion of specific issues of women's health as part of the programming and research.
Policies and programmes
Amendments to the law relating to the status listed above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
Undoubtedly, this issue poses a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
Children are the main victims of armed conflict in many countries of the world.
The United States insists on establishing 18 years of age as the minimum age for recruitment or use in hostilities by State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of the relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular by:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
When the effectiveness of the public sector, or “effectiveness”, is aligned with the objectives that guide its functioning, the public sector can be considered to operate efficiently.
It was so decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to that view, a comprehensive approach could not yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol establishing the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, supplementary fund for “third parties”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Chief Executive explaining the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities under the terms of resolution 1483 (2003) for the orderly transfer of authority to the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (Germany)
Promotion of the enjoyment of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated through “learning by doing” in the implementation of projects.
While awareness-raising and awareness-raising has rarely translated into behavioural change, they can usefully supplement and enhance information and action on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
Furthermore, in addition to the Bouaké area, the Forces nouvelles did not allow full freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Man and Buna, they allowed only controlled access for military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre in this regard through voluntary contributions.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the diplomatic process of trying to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and has reaffirmed that the use of force should always be a last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions. The voting was as follows:
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
Notwithstanding the Committee's desire to spare no effort to improve the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is equally aware that a change in baseline data is a serious matter that could be accepted only if the Committee fully considers that the change is justified and that the Committee has developed a methodology for submitting future applications, which is set out in a proposed decision.
In conclusion, he noted that, in the context of these two major atmospheric changes, environmental impacts make it more justifiable to work for the protection of the ozone layer: the faster the success we have achieved, the less the damage will be caused.
(ii) To end methyl bromide consumption in its entirety on 1 January 2007, in addition to the essential uses that Parties may approve;
In a port security programme, the Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed has not received appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such cases the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings before the arbitral tribunal hear the statement of the party]; or
It was further explained that the revised draft was intended that, in order for the courts to have discretionary power over the refusal to recognize and enforce an interim measure, the Court should not only be convinced of the significant problem, but also the appropriate basis for the refusal of enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of the provision should avoid unnecessary deviation from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group considered that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less obliged to refuse enforcement, this is not inconsistent with the unity sought by these model provisions.
C. Factors determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (the “Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously found that the advertisement of Internet goods was intended solely to be an invitation (invitatio adsorndum) and that a binding contract was created only when the seller accepted the buyer's offer (an offer).
In the financial intermediary sector, the Financial Police Department is responsible, mainly through the Unit of the Special Unit for the Administration of Money Laundering (and, as authorized, the branch offices of the Tax Police in the various regions and provinces) as the supervisory authority for the following anti-money-laundering investigations under section 5 (10) of Act No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Act No. 153 of 26 May 1997:
It is clear that the crime must be committed in Italian territory or, in any event, within the jurisdiction of Italian criminal law.
First count
(Signed) NGUIE MBOB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the Cambodian National Court will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiz Deliu came from the municipality of Vitina and were charged with terrorist activities, the illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
(b) The SBSTA reiterated the relevance of the technical papers prepared by the IPCC on the interlinkages between biological diversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work of the Convention;
Harvard University (Winter 2003) Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Philippe Hirman gave a course entitled “Empowering justice”, which analysed how prosecutors can perform their functions in countries where public law and private law and review the national and international modalities of prosecuting officials' crimes, and organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international business, corruption and the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to achieving more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to entities of the Global Environment Facility as an operating financial mechanism, taking into account lessons learned from projects and programmes funded by the Global Environment Facility, and to seek to streamline these guidance and to report on the results of this dialogue in its report to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for country-driven action to address the specific requirements and circumstances of Parties and to reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, given the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that, in order to re-evaluate the country's assessment rates for 2003, it would be preferable to prepare the current scale using the United Nations operational rates of exchange rather than price-adjusted rates of exchange.
The European Union was of the view that adjustments to some assessments, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, should in no case lead to an increase in the assessment of other Member States provided for in the scale adopted by the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized, unincorporated territory of the United States of America.
The Bill enumerates, inter alia, the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and freedom of religion.
One issue of concern in recent years is the high dropout rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of the rights of civilians by the parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
A senior diplomat was seconded for a one-year permanent ambassador to the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Correspondence Network for a year in a consultation with the “Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting Al Qaeda and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions in order to bring them into line with the amendments to the relevant Security Council sanctions committees and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amiri Decree of 7 January 1979 on the Ministry of Education
As a result of the review, OIOS terminated nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall, subject to their domestic law, endeavour to expedite extradition procedures and simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
Unless the State Party from which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees that no person, whatever his or her nationality, shall be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction on his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred for acts, omissions or convictions prior to his or her departure from the territory of the State from which he or she was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public administration, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, as requested by the Meeting of States Parties, provide information to the Conference of the States Parties on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as on legislative and administrative measures taken to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist in peace and security within recognized borders.
From the standpoint of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation, North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there any other benefits that would strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96) to provide guidance on access by States and other actors to prevention, medical care, care and support in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975 with reservations 1,22.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should begin on the date of their election, that is, 21 April.
The revised appeal requests remained modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the achievement of equality between women and men as set out in articles 2 (2) and 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures at the national level to ensure that home households have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the ancestral lands of the songs and to ensure that any evictions comply with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms — such as “what its surface” or “place of presentation” — which have different meanings in paper and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in meeting the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations during the past decade
Activities:
To define the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and to provide the necessary support for the rehabilitation of reconstruction.
The Arab Labour Organization considers that it is important to provide assistance in the following form to all social partners in Iraq, including labour management organizations, business people's organizations and workers' organizations:
- The League of Arab States will provide assistance in the development of relevant regulations for radio and television production.
In addition, high- and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources in accordance with their capacities, thus avoiding growing overdependence on a limited number of donor countries.
Many of them clearly reflect the interface with UNDAF and the UNICEF contribution to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
As a result, the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) promotes training programmes related to the prevention of the legalization of capital and the financing of terrorism, through forums, seminars and conferences.
As for illicit synthetic drugs, particularly ATS, we have little knowledge of their origin and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that organizational and substantive preparations were under way as planned; that most of the unedited pre-session documents had been circulated to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee of Permanent Representatives' internal website; and that the final edited version would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Add a new preambular paragraph
Official exports amounted to $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one made a statement under this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of introducing new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure the highest cost-effective and timely delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
To achieve this goal, activities such as the African Development Forum, which aims to reach consensus on important issues of African development and to develop a collective African perspective on these issues and on ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners will be undertaken.
Ms. Gabr, believing that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on the education of girls, raised illiteracy rates and affected women's employment, said that urgent remedial measures were clearly required.
Specific UNICEF support is provided for in country cooperation programmes.
The examples cited could not be exhaustive.
The Council reiterates its intention to keep the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review and welcomes the EU Police Mission deployed since 1 January 2003.
Shortly, the “United States-led Joint Command” had been unilaterally disguised as “United Nations Command” and had still been misused to violate the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Fifty-sixth session
These consultations included the participation of the Chairperson in a general comment meeting organized by the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 presents export income data from various sources.
The obligation under this article to investigate and prevent the commission of human cloning offences.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to local populations.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff appointed for one year or more in the Professional and higher categories
Table 1 shows the gender distribution by department or office and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reports on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session, and also proposes policy principles, objectives and goals aimed at facilitating the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization model project entitled “Save women's lives: a skilled care initiative” received a grant of US$ 8 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for a five-year period, which greatly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Pôquette Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges, held in North Kivu in November 1999.
This statement is defined as the permanent or temporary expulsion of individuals, families and even communities, against their will, from the homes or lands in which they live, without having received or cannot invoke appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the findings of the recent study by the United Nations and others on the analysis of the impact of sanctions suggest that these exemptions do not produce such effects.
In order to perform this function effectively, it is essential that the relevant courts or tribunals be informed of the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - The right to secondary education
However, self-governance must be linked to the system of public responsibility, more so with State-funded activities.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law, as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the preamble to the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on protecting the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(a) National indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources;
The State party's intervention in the right to water may amount to a breach of the obligation of respect.
National ombudspersons, human rights commissions and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
In general, States parties have pointed out the methods of declaring a state of emergency as defined in their legal system and the provisions of the applicable law governing derogation.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), an offence may be presented orally or in writing, provided that it is based on the law and facts.
In interpreting the scope of permissible limitations, the State party should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including the rights to equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as set out in articles 2, 3 and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interplay between many provisions ensures the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be enforced and, within the framework of each national electoral system, voters should vote equally.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs that may interfere with the right of women to privacy and other rights protected under article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of racial, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, belief and practice their own religion or to use their own language.
To ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, financial resources (including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, premises and any financial controls that do not affect their independence.
Government departments can only participate in an advisory capacity.
Clearly, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account in any future decolonization programme.
Therefore, instead of introducing it as a formal draft resolution, we hope that delegations will be given the opportunity to consider it and determine what we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work of its session.
Statements in exercise of the right of reply by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in connection with the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit it to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
There are three courts in Bermuda, namely, the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act grants British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living and has the highest purchasing power in the ninth place in the world.
The average pension income for persons over 54 years of age is $11,286.
Bermuda believes that a high level of education for its inhabitants is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared to other offshore centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrators; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications; officials and members of professional bodies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular the funds and programmes, whenever possible, on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need to further explore other sources of funding, which complement and not replace traditional sources;
Notes the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, alignment and coordination, including through further harmonization of strategic frameworks, approaches, modalities and partnership arrangements, with full reference to the priorities of recipient countries, and, in this regard, stresses the importance of ensuring greater alignment of the strategic frameworks designated by the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the Bretton Woods institutions, with national poverty reduction strategies, including poverty reduction strategies;
Emphasizes the importance of assisting least developed countries affected by conflicts, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, as needed, in enhancing their institutional capacity to provide adequate support to the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and its subsequent decision to devote a coordination segment of a meeting before 2005 to the review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions,
Also taking into account the Barcelona Declaration and the work programme annexed to the Declaration emanating from the Euro-Mediterranean Conference, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of connecting the Mediterranean transport network and the trans-European transport network to ensure the interoperability of the two,
(d) Transfer and introduction of new technologies through FDI and other channels alone cannot ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized the following four persons as members of the Board of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office, expiring on 30 June 2007: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Elin (Argentina); Marina Pavlova-Sirwanja (Russian Federation) and Salma Sumban (Bangladesh/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003,248 endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in this regard, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti Foundation for the Housing and Integration of the Homeless
(d) To note that the Committee no longer considers complaints by States against:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide to the Secretariat, six months before the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties, information on activities undertaken using the above-mentioned draft format and questionnaire;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
9 The legal drafting group noted that no procedures had been established for that decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to prepare, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five panellists made statements on the sub-theme on trends in trafficking in persons, focusing in particular on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children were reported as placing them in urban households, which in some cases became forms of trafficking.
UNITAR English-language workshop on the structure and drafting and adoption of United Nations resolutions
The inspection also found no indication of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activities.
Question of Tokelau
States should not have a tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, in January 2003, the Executive Director, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), presented to the Executive Board a final year-end preliminary forecast that UNOPS had actually achieved better results than that forecast in all its operational parameters.
I. IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. and travelled to the facility site abandoned by Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions were indeed very important, and the First Committee remained an important forum for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will provide support for the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, several of our countries, through the Organization of American States, have supported calls for other countries in our region to comply with or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing an expert panel deserves consideration and that, with the authorization of the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations could convene the panel to carry out specific verification tasks.
In this context, it should be mentioned that the Norwegian Refugee Commission's Global IDP Project will enhance the use of the Guiding Principles as one of its top priorities.
Although corporations were the principal legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, they were not the only legal persons that might need such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply regardless of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar procedure is relevant to the dispute that is or has been the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for their presence on our side and for all that they have done for the peaceful resolution of the crisis.
However, to maximize the impact of JIU on the cost effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it was not enough to improve the quality of the formulation and recommendations of the programme of work.
The team completed its task an hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
To assist in the launching of a thematic network in 2005 (US$ 40,000 for consultants and travel of participants); To assist in the organization of the 2004 ministerial meeting of the Conference of the Parties of Central and Eastern Europe of the Parties in the Northern Mediterranean (total US$ 40,000 for consultants, logistics and travel of participants); To facilitate the participation of non-EU country Parties in Annex IV meetings in 2004 and to initiate a thematic network of US$ 30,000 for participants in the regional meetings of the Conference of the Conference of the Conference of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Northern and the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Northern and the Northern and the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties
In its continuing dialogue on the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council issued 13 draft strategic objectives at the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) The maintenance of a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any combination, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business resulting from such a combination is preparatory or supportive.
The Government of Hungary trusts that the present report, as well as previous reports, will assist the Committee in assessing the action taken by Member States and in recommending improvements to existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) The seizure of large quantities of assets or property for the purposes referred to in subparagraph (a) and, in exchange for the non-damage or damage to the assets or property or their restitution, making a request to the governmental agency or international organization, shall be punishable under paragraph (1).
The Seoul branch of the Republic of Korea National Federation of Family Owners' Clubs launched a “Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group” reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a lump-sum allowance is determined by the Minister of Labour on an annual basis.
The proportion of women in agriculture remained above 50 per cent since 1990, 51.6 per cent in 1998, 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and women had become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change of status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity of adoption, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are valid only after reporting.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion recorded in the summary record began at 2.25 p.m.
With regard to the latter, which would be submitted at the Committee session?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the intention of IMF was not to establish a standard, but to recognize the standards already established by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the foundation of inter-State relations; mutual respect and the desire for peace are the bonds that link nations large and small.
Corruption was a major factor in poor economic performance and was a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special meeting of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee with international, regional and subregional organizations in March this year, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova presented a summary report on the counter-terrorism activities of the Group.
It is this message that led to the emergence of the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that followed in the last few years, including in particular the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summits.
Upon the nomination of the representative of Belize, Jarin Maile (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department replied that there would be no change in the allocation of resources between the various language units of United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4, on LDCs, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue requiring a long-term perspective.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the International Development Indicators for Poverty Management plans to achieve at least 7 per cent of GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP growth per year.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many had no access to vital public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations emanating from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not prescriptive.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and offers practical opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition, individually and collectively, to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The issues raised under the current agenda item and examples of relevant actions are presented below.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider establishing an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any African country emerging from conflict, as well as its resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat human trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, the Gender Equality Information and Policy Centre of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Federation of Young Women of Belarus, with financial support from the United Nations offices in the country, published a booklet entitled “Trafficking in Persons: Imagine or Reality?”.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this stalemate, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the proposed budget for the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $0.5 million, of which $42.9 million is programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration expenditures.
A portion of the operating costs of the office is drawn from the special-purpose contributions made annually by the Russian Federation to the Foundation (the costs earmarked for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance undertook preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Damin Corr (Ireland)
Notes that the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-second session, continued its work under the terms of General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) To accede to the request of Lithuania to restore its voting rights in accordance with article 5.2 of the Constitution of UNIDO;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industrial sector, and in particular the encouraging results achieved during the pilot phase of the project, which started in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat indicates that Africa's problems are a long-term problem.
Even if estimates are based on the most optimistic growth prospects of the world economy, it now seems difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Cancún Ministerial Conference was another source of concern.
Those working in sanctions committees are fully aware that the same names appear again and again.
We would like to suggest that this practice be pursued more regularly in the future for Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these different discussions should be a reference for the Council to address the issues it bears.
(d) Increased awareness, particularly through training, among criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes through:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wendland provides an overview of WIPO work and future meetings on traditional knowledge.
He again met with senior ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, Chan Sarun, and the Minister of Land Administration, Im Chhunlem.
The proposed programme would require extensive consultation, informed open debates and active consultation of public judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between the “legitimate region” and the “real region”.
With the end of the armed conflict, large tracts of land have become extremely valuable assets, which induce the military to claim ownership of the former battlefield and the uncontrolled remote areas.
The analytical process leading to the development of the Standard Rules is the product of joint efforts by a number of international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and expert groups of the monitoring mechanisms of the Standard Rules.
A number of listed entities were identified in Australia and are being investigated by relevant Australian authorities.
While recognizing the differences between countries in the legal system, cultural diversity and the different stages of development, and taking them into account in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he pointed out that such differences should not be justified by the extent to which the objectives of the future convention were being achieved.
Some of the MTR found that some advocacy activities were too broad and recommended that UNFPA, while maintaining appropriate focus at the country level, select a region-specific focus on advocacy.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the issue of the Quartet on international mediation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations — on the road map for peace in the Middle East
Three people were killed and more than 200 injured in that explosion.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to help complete the transition process and to follow up on the mandate of UNPOB by the end of this year.
The Assistant Secretary of the Department of Women's Affairs of the Argentine Ministry of Foreign Affairs made particular reference to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard cited a number of important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance, in order to promote the development of anti-mafia culture in society, particularly among young people, and the professionalization of professionals in investigation and judicial institutions committed to preventing and combating organized crime.
Section 4
We note the continued work on streamlining and harmonizing programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, which, we hope, will reduce transaction costs for developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach that promotes institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, enhanced coordination and standard-setting for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) A peacekeeping military exercise called “Byongho 2003” was held in Fransville, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
In expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme managers”, add the words “in accordance with mandates”.
The Board considered that the repatriation grant to retiring United Nations staff had been obsolete 50 years later and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Committee noted that the objective of the consolidated CEB secretariat was to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response by the United Nations system to the policy directives and mandates of Member States, and looked forward to the implementation of the relevant parts of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In that connection, the Committee stressed the need for CEB to keep under review the issue of inter-agency coordination on the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
The door-to-door transport questionnaire responses and the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, railway problems must be taken fully into account.
The experts responsible for the establishment of the Network Profile Workshop made important recommendations that the General Assembly should consider.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies from pre-retirement wages to pre-retirement years, up to 37.8 per cent (an average of 6 per cent).
(c) Claims for loss of tangible property
The Claimant further asserts that the agreement was signed on 6 August 1990 and that it was not signed solely because of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The D claims report relates to the review of individual claims for damages above $100,000; the E1 report relates to the review of claims submitted by the oil sector; the E2 report covers the review of claims submitted on behalf of non-Kuwaiti companies and other business entities; the E3 report relates to the review of environmental claims; and the report on Palestinian claims relates to the review of individual claims with a maximum claimed amount of $100,000.
Decision concerning the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims for payment (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, the Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) since September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities were initiated in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste treatment plants have been established in Ethiopia, and process optimization activities (clean technologies) have been carried out in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in preparing its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by adding, in operative paragraph 16, the date of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons indicated that they needed assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation, but also in the development of enforcement capacity
(m) Importers must obtain import licences from their local authorities and copies of export licences from their exporters prior to import;
(f) States could strengthen their cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and should take measures at airports, seaports and border areas to ensure the legality of shipments;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions for the implementation of a standard computerized debt management system in the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank's Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in its effective use.
1 GS (OL) (OL) — Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (Case Manager)
• Preparation, in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section, of documents on charges (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and legal submissions (particularly in relation to evidentiary and procedural issues)
The objective of the subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively handled by the Section did not cause unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance - 16 months (P-2): 73,584 euros
The first half of 2004 will therefore be an opportunity for the Secretariat to build up its capacity.
Participation
The Committee asked the Government to provide more information on the health status of women, and therefore Luxembourg is conducting research studies to obtain sex-disaggregated data on infant and child mortality, breastfeeding, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
Nothing in this article shall be construed to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude the exercise by a State party of any criminal jurisdiction established by its domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement the request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, such States Parties may consider establishing mutual law enforcement cooperation with respect to any offences covered by this Convention on the basis of this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that this goal will be further promoted if it is implemented in a comprehensive, universal and effective manner and, in the interest of all humankind, by excluding at all levels the possibility of the use of chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, as necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination in the United Nations on grounds of nationality, race, sex, religion and language, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds) in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980 and to give due consideration to the recommendations in conformity with the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as measured by developing country standards, Burkina Faso is also a highly poor country, and the text in the box below provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between the various initiatives and work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you stopped any listed individuals at any point of entry or in transit?
Another speaker said that the time had come for greater efforts to inform the world of the broad impact of the work of the United Nations.
Regulatory environment 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: tax-free periods, reduced or waived taxes on profits, capital, labour, sales, value added and imports; and other incentives: for example, infrastructure subsidies and utilities subsidies.
In particular, in implementing cluster development programmes, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save time for discussion of proposals.
The range of activities during the period was wide.
The first biennial programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 included the concept of gender mainstreaming in the budget document, as adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its agreed conclusions 1997/2 and by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all services dealing with the programme and budget, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programme budgets visibly mainstream a gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not ceased the destruction of property, the confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youth, the closure of roads, the construction of bypass roads serving Israeli settlements, the restriction of movement and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern at the increasing restrictions on the capacity of humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and associated personnel to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations, as a result of attacks and threats,
It was emphasized that results-based management was a requirement for the full implementation of the Tribunal's work and that the work of the Tribunal should be directed towards achieving the desired results with due consideration to the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statement by the President to the General Assembly; participation in meetings within the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
The other five cases concerned seven accused, one accused in the Semanza case, one in Niyitegeka, one in Kamuhanda, one in the Kajelijeli case and three in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal dated 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 candidates for ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a citizen of the United States, was arrested and sentenced for three years for attempting to interfere with broadcasting and television programmes; Nancy Chen, a citizen of Australia, was kidnapped by agents of the National Security Service of China; Yuhi Zhang was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment for the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of Falun Gong members in China; and 16 for demonstrations before the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States of their responsibilities in dealing with hostility to Islam and hostility towards the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the serious nature of these allegations and notes that this is not the first communication on such incidents and regrets that the Government has not responded to his communications.
The concept of freedom of information is in itself an important element of one of the most fundamental human rights, the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will realize its largest desire to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must become — indeed it is becoming the base of the Global Alliance against Terrorism.
I am convinced that, before attempting to modernize the United Nations instruments, careful analysis and careful judgement must be taken first.
The puppet authorities have been set up, just like the cassiterite.
These indicators enable ministries of health or other agencies to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have reinforced the Special Rapporteur's determination, within his mandate, to make every effort to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and that those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations are brought to justice for decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of the mine action capacity-building project (objective 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space so as not to discuss the issue simultaneously in both forums.
A number of model clauses have been developed by Governments and private creditor associations involved in the G-10 Working Group.
The Rapporteur shall review the report to determine whether the information contained therein gives knowledge or suspicion of another person being involved in money-laundering.
The Panel will accomplish this task by continuing its discussions at its meetings on specific issues selected by the London Group.
In this regard, the pilot project for the establishment of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations holds its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, the purpose of these activities is to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and foreign debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following his letter to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General awaits a reply from the Government of Israel regarding his investigation into the death of Mr. Hook, who is a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the revised draft general recommendation 4.1 on interim measures of the Convention (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Option B would have a serious negative impact on the process.
The password-protected website became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate to protect civilians and promote and protect human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Although there were more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shared the view of France and Germany that the problem of human cloning could in any way have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions now provide financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Implementing measures to identify new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As at 31 December 2002, only half of the G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the oversight of the health insurance plan, and a new post in 2003 should be able to better control the expenditure of the health insurance plans that were decentralized to the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 is the provision for 2001 for the write-off of long-outstanding amounts paid to implementing partners for the period 1994-2000.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources are available for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of monitoring mechanisms for the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) member States are requested to provide technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and to sustain the implementation of the monitoring policies and strategies of the Habitat Agenda, through the programmes and programmes of UN-Habitat.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced that they had taken recent action to approve legislation to establish or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status determination from UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers meeting, the African Union Commission gave high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the CARICOM secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted with large-scale international terrorism and extremism attacks, which are considered to be inseparable from global threats and cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts to combat them.
The Islamic Development Bank has adopted international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of Amendments to Regulation No. 98: (30 October 2003)1
Children who have not attained the age of 9 years do not bear any criminal responsibility.
Under the Criminal Code, any person engaged in the purchase, sale and any other type of illicit transaction of a child shall be criminally liable.
Background
Equipment and systems do not have multi-purpose and “time relative” problems.
Strongly condemns the increasing victimization of persons involved in humanitarian operations in various forms of violence, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer products
Tomuschat considers that the treaty establishes a general regime of strict or objective liability solely for activities of extreme risk.
In such cases, however, the injured party is the whole country.
A choice must be made between the law of the approving State and the law of the State in which the injury occurred.
The Amoco Cadiz case (1978) illustrates the approach taken by the Court in measuring environmental damage.
The parent company, Indiana-America Oil, could not voluntarily assume liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other industries involving financial transactions (banks, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, stock securities companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities, such as in the areas of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be carried out with resources permitting.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on a broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Mattraess Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be useful to have in-depth discussions on globalization and to examine specific aspects in more detail.
International Council for Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering played a key role in facilitating the illegal transfer of arms to groups that could not be purchased by legitimate means; they included embargoed States and groups, rebels, organized crime elements and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to pay tribute to your predecessor, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Mattiya Mulumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the manner in which he led the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized cooperative service structure
• International Law Institute — African Centre of Legal Excellence (Kampala, Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in Andhra Pradesh, India, shows how the decentralization of private people in the form of SMART (slight, ethics, credibility, accountability and transparency) is using the Internet for reforms such as the Integrated Civil Service Information Centre and the digitalization of contractual registration.
Calls upon States and international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support for the achievement of the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The coalition agreement states that, following the parliamentary debate on autonomy last spring, the Government will take a decision on whether to establish a government entity/sector to deal with self-government matters and on whether to hold a referendum on self-government.
Improving their conditions has been given top political priority.
To that end, incentives for employment must be strengthened.
The programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The central task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network that provides objective, regular and accurate reports of incidents that are in the process of committing violations against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a generally recognized indigenous organization.
In that regard, the seminar had played a significant role, including the presence of a representative of the United Kingdom, who, in his own words, had been informed of the real thinking of the Anguillans regarding the choice of self-determination.
As requested, a special compendium of companies on Millennium Development Goal thematic issues has been prepared for UNFPA (the reproductive health of women), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), UNHCR (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (Water and Sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (information technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussion explored how to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and support expressed during the meeting to address those issues, in particular with regard to identifying measures to improve competitiveness, diversify and increase the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first of which was entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial authority, the Bank of Indonesia requested banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions for non-compliance with reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognizes those needs that can be most effectively addressed through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by article 3 of the General Management Procedure for the Operations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, shall be responsible for the overall direction and provision of technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules for the registration of objects launched into outer space, as provided for in the Registration Convention, could be applied exclusively to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been exhausted, but that could not be said about how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that an international consensus would be reached on that issue and would support the Belgian proposal if a vote was necessary.
We therefore consider it important that the Security Council formally hear the views, suggestions and recommendations of the General Assembly on the report of the Council.
We hope that the consideration of the report by the General Assembly will provide useful feedback for the Council to improve its work in the future.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/674; A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signature or ratification of or accession to the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the director of the plant and asked about the ownership of the refinery, the buildings adjacent to the North Gas Company (North Gas Company) and production operations.
The Colombian people supported the Government's efforts to regain territorial control, defend its sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in poor regions and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
The present chapter elaborates on this process and outlines some potential ideas on the content of voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested the development of a set of voluntary guidelines to be prepared by a “intergovernmental working group”.
CESCR noted that international cooperation for development and the realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established in international law.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of leased air assets, monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts, ensuring compliance with established flight standards, liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services, and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity in order to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In that regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be adequately balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“The remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, in addition to the general problems faced by developing countries, are also experiencing difficulties due to the interaction of many factors, such as small size, remote location, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, fragile ecosystems, transport and communications constraints, isolation from business centres, weak local technical capacity, acute problems of access to fresh water supply, extreme dependence on imports, small quantities of commodities, depletion of non-renewable resources, emigration of population, and, particularly of highly skilled persons with heavy skills, and a heavy financial burdens and shortages of financial resources”.
I can certainly say that this seminar offers real hope to the peoples of the Pacific that the United Nations will engage in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for some lasting solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement made by the representative of Tokelau, who said that the working meetings with the Special Committee had been successful because of the “human face”.
These activities have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, the monitoring of their functioning and the improvement of skills.
Congolese men who are not required to marry foreigners are required to join the female nationality.
The situation was further exacerbated by the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the inability to sustain rural livelihoods, the inability of agricultural activities and the recent return of millions of refugees.
With regard to the second index, Member States' unpaid assessments, although high, were much lower at the end of 2002 at $168.4 million, compared to $210.6 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to his country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and cinema, where do young people see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to water supply systems in and around Hargeysa and returnee settlements.
Support to proscribed groups
Latin America
Stresses the importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for women's independent access to and enjoyment of rights are developed so that women can benefit sustainably from forest resources while protecting forest resources.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the preparatory process for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Developing further the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Association of Afro-America said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not only a problem of poverty, since middle- or wealthy people of African descent were also discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in the implementation of the road map and the path of peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the justiciability of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected under the Covenant”.
It was also observed that mandatory time limits were not commensurate with some exception to security rights, i.e. in some cases priority was given to the time of creation rather than the time of filing (e.g. acquisition security rights).
With regard to other issues to be addressed in Chapter VII, a number of recommendations were made.
An independent evaluation of some projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most urgent task was to strengthen the Palestinian economy and move it away from the long-term dependence and pernicious integration of the Israeli economy.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic reports of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women in Parliament had won not only the victory of Moroccan women but also of women in Muslim countries; through the expansion of the number, all women shared that victory.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze tangible assets such as business or property further complicates the problem.
Of the 272 designated individuals, few are known to be unaccounted for.
The addition of controls on the worldwide movement of listed persons gives them the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the business assets they hold or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be reasonable.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have prompted the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian role and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report covers areas of progress in the implementation of and international support for NEPAD, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the delivery of raw materials in manufacturing.
The further development of the process leading to the determination of the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
After the Government of the Republic of Serbia issued a statement that the document in its current form was unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders also maintained a distance from it.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and to provide them with the necessary resources.
How can we justify the deletion of references to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws, as well as the original criteria/baseline as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities always recognize that time has different values and scales in relation to forests.
The capacity to carry out the required programme functions has been strengthened to improve the advocacy work of the following small offices and to improve the effectiveness of country programmes: Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million from other resources and trust funds recovered (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In a violent protest, the Constitutional Court issued an appeal decision against the supporters of General Ríos Montt, who gathered in the capital in buses and trucks, with many hood, handcuffs, block the streets, encirclement the Supreme Court building and destroy property.
These sanctions entered into force for a period of 10 months on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 17 and 18 December 2003; 15 and 23 January; 10, 19 and 20 March; 8, 8 and 14 May; 10, 16, 27 July, 4, 16 December; 4, 13, 17 and 18 December 2003
(some military observers to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban list and decided to remove the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be removed.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendations (82)-(88)
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States had drastically reduced their nuclear arsenals, but the failure of some other States to comply fully with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the possibility that they might fall into the hands of terrorists posed a growing problem.
The Russian Federation would support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand completed a full two-year loan from the International Monetary Fund.
For that future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups as an offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutional
The UNAMI Core Group will lead efforts to conduct operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as to coordinate and guide the activities of United Nations agencies.
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed persons and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and ensure that no such funds, assets or resources are made available, directly or indirectly, to their nationals or to any person in their territory.
Kenya takes this challenge seriously.
The implementation of the plan will advance our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of rulers and rulers, but in all human relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and in creating a secure environment for democracies that guarantees peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalance in the region is not conducive to generating full employment to absorb an annual increase in the economically active population.
English
One solution would be to include a provision indicating that diplomatic protection was complementary to the special regime for the protection of investment or human rights, but that a binding decision such as a judicial decision or an arbitration decision must be adopted to provide protection under a special regime.
His delegation believed that the best option would be for the operator to assume civil liability and the remaining liability to be borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the allocation of loss resulting from transboundary harm caused by hazardous activities was being dealt with rationally as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Space-related industries will continue to grow, despite the potential for economic recession and financial crisis during the biennium.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environment capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly discussed with the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the high-level dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, in the Karter Division, became the Convener of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (other than Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to satisfactorily resolve outstanding issues within the framework of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of this recommendation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues, as they have a wide range of implications.
The national forest programme services project is hosted by FAO and supported by many donors and developing country participants.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland, having obtained the required two-thirds majority, was elected to the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, taking into account the concerns of all countries, in particular developing countries:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States who is found not to have frozen the assets of individuals and entities on the list of designated global terrorists published by the Foreign Assets Control Service or who deal with them is subject to severe civil and/or criminal penalties.
Have you stopped any listed individuals at any point of entry or in transit?
- Law No. 4208 on the Prevention of Money Laundering (e.g. in cases involving money laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invite all Parties to the Convention to communicate information to the Conference of the Parties.
Economic impact assessment of “response measures”
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening waste management in general and waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise could ignite 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening the supply of fresh water to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore, through the International Court of Justice, addressed a dispute concerning sovereignty over Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rocks and South Ledge.
In view of this situation, deliberate efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to levels that could produce the most sustainable fisheries by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “Russian Federation - National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultative mechanisms
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports of the involvement of mercenaries in the armed conflict in Colombia, mainly in relation to drug cartels, but also in self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, for the Convention to be amended to more effectively prosecute the criminal and internationally wrongful acts of mercenaries, the proposals and mechanisms being developed should be heard by a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for the development of the economy and the fight against poverty.
This dialogue represents a significant step towards the benchmarks for the normalization of Kosovo and the implementation of the stabilization and association process.
My Government supports that process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As authorized by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided it with a wide range of support and services in the process of the return of United Nations agencies to that country.
Mr. Kastberi: Members will receive my full text of statements and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic feeding everywhere, and we believe that this is working.
Annotated provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received no reply from the Government regarding his urgent appeal against the order.
Since there is also much expertise in demand reduction issues within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is crucial that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Explosive Remnants of War Framework Document
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to make ICT hardware and software less expensive and more accessible through tax incentives and incentives and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development of UNCTAD.
The elected President made a statement at the same meeting.
Another participant indicated that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a facilitating source for identifying needs.
Other participants considered that the Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, based on the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which indirectly included a review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers to ensure the use of best available technologies, but that such activities required the support of Governments and the need for an appropriate political and legal framework.
This could further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with various grounds for the peaceful settlement of conflicts under Chapter VI until coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What needs to be done?
At the outset, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan for the tragic events of 19 August, which killed Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but they can also participate in many other ways that correspond to their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated on the basis of subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-four African LDCs were concerned with the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the TDB, which was devoted to LDCs.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express our gratitude to Mr. Morris for his most significant statement, which, I think, contains very important information and figures, as well as a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and, except as otherwise specifically directed by the General Assembly, in accordance with the supplementary mandate contained in the annex to these Regulations.
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) for the sovereign States of the region and the fact that it was duly endorsed by the OPANAL General Conference at its 18th meeting, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and taking note of the outcome of this Conference, including the Havana Declaration, adopted”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002 and was endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), which once again raised the issue of the link between the plundering of resources and the violation of human rights, while demonstrating the deep causes of the war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted several cases in which Mr. Blaise Blise and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened with arrest and death; his two-parent was imprisoned for his request that MONUC ensure the protection of civilians.
In his view, the visit was a clear sign of the increased cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in the custody process
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States in curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying them.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been exhausted.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that this vision will be presented by the Council under your presidency, Sir, and that it will be addressed in other regional organizations.
We held regular staff consultations and I mentioned Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part of UNMIK and is its pillar.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the Commission of the African Union and Minister of Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, to integrate a gender perspective in the planning and monitoring of CCAs, UNDAFs, PRSPs and MDG reports;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, the debt burden and other measures within the framework of the Group of Eight Africa Action Plan.
His delegation added that the future programme of work of the Authority would include a study on appropriate ways of ensuring that environmental emergencies were not endangered as described in ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, it was found that minorities and persons belonging to minorities faced many problems that, if not resolved, could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because it contributes to the changing practices and procedures of the Council's work.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/427, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/238, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for the Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group))
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold a global forum on indigenous peoples and the information society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to keep those texts open pending consultations.
There is no legislation in place.
I, sect.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to complement the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, the words “as well as developing countries and countries with economies in transition” were replaced by the words “for developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that do not have women or are generally underrepresented”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level would benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices (international organizations and national institutions).
The following three interlinked projects were recently launched on the initiative to develop data-sharing models.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are developed expeditiously and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to expedite the movement, release and clearance of goods, including goods in transit, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in this area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have fair and equal access to all elected and non-elected public office;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, seeking to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops with respect for fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and to the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, KFOR and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings, as well as those who committed crimes during armed conflict, are brought to justice a few weeks ago.
Encourages the exploration of ways to develop innovative new public-private sources of finance for development, provided that they do not place an undue burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposal to use special drawing rights allocations for development purposes, as set out in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit offences outside the territory of Kazakhstan and who are present in the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign country for trial or sentence.
It was agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
All parties must negotiate to establish lasting peace, allowing two States, Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to coexist side by side within secure and recognized borders, based on the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as a summary of sources and systems, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability for results and lessons learned.
The system is results-based, concise and more in line with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, the provisions relating to reservations, in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention, are not applicable to the relations between the two contracting parties: “In such cases, the consequences of the withdrawal of reservations in the relations between the reserving State and the objecting State are to extend the scope of application of the treaty and the provisions covered by the reservation”.
Pursuant to the resolution entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, adopted by UNISPACE III,1 the mandate of the Action Team relates to the implementation of a comprehensive global system for the management of natural disaster mitigation, relief and prevention, in particular through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while maximizing the use of existing capacities and reducing global coverage gaps.
Dr. Oscar Arias was awarded some 50 honorary PhD degrees from well-known institutions, such as the Harvard, Princeton, Dattains, Oberlin and others, as well as many awards from other cutting-edge institutions, including the Martin Luther King's Peace Prize, the Fletics Award, the Jesus Christson Rorston Award, the Prince of Astus, the Prince of Story, and the Albert Hir.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is the governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of promoting equal opportunities for women and men and eliminating all forms of discrimination based on gender-based standards.
For households with wood, coal and fuel for indoor heating, the “social programme” approved by Government Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250,000 lei/month to 300,000 lei/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with others, developed a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and strengthened the Caribbean Emergency Response Agency.
Important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201's concerns.
Table 2 Income received by UNDP and funds administered
Rule 67 Method of suspension
On that basis, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, which was finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In the area of employment: provide flexibility for determining employment at different locations in accordance with the skills and abilities of people;
However, it also highlighted some weaknesses, such as in defining individual goals and objectives of organizations.
FICSA noted that compensation for employees serving in hardship duty stations by the private sector was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member insisted that parastatals were not part of the public/non-profit sector, since other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
Although members of the Commission and representatives of participating organizations endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, representatives of staff associations argued that data collection should be completed through on-site interviews with data-collection teams, in some cases, local salary boards could decide on other methods if deemed useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Mongolia, Luxembourg, Mauritius, Mexico, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mexico, Mexico, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mexico, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mauritius, Mexico, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Mexico, Netherlands, Mexico, Mexico, Netherlands, Netherlands, Mexico, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Mexico, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Russian Federation of America.
(i) Advisory services: missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthen national mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and gender mainstreaming in national policies and programmes, with emphasis on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, the promotion of awareness of women's rights and the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
Communications to the Editor
[National] general insolvency laws should recognize [accelerating the accounting, [checking,] set-off or netting under similar rules in the payment or settlement system or financial markets of other States.
With regard to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach set out in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, with particular reference to paragraph 113, which states that adjustments are required where a claim is not reflected in the maintenance costs normally incurred.
The proposals were circulated and discussed in a report and through the organization of the International Business Forum and several follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
The need to share practical experience was well recognized.
However, the process of accelerating Algeria's accession to international legal treaties on human rights was followed by a change of multiparty system in 1989.
While Abidjan was calm, the curfew had been reduced and street demonstrations had declined, the movements of the Licorne forces were often impeded and extortion was often perpetrated.
- Nigeria's offer to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions did not explode after launch or launch, and they were either underground or on the ground.
Assessment of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second GEF Assembly (DP/2003/23)
(b) The duty of the grantor to compensate for unforeseen devaluation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year for Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, in cooperation with Governments and in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, use their inputs, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, to address the issue of trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls and urges States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments, and in close coordination with indigenous peoples, organize a Latin American conference on indigenous children and youth in 2004, taking into account the experience of the Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children, held in Quito in 2001.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in the field and participate in the dialogue at the third session.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the following countries and organizations: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); No.
Final remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire had ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon had signed the Treaty.
In the area of urban security, the Office supported the Brazilian National Police Academy in upgrading teaching facilities.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure items: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years against UNMIK and UNMISET, with resident investigators stationed in the Mission, who are implementing downsizing plans.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements, and expresses its intention to continue its review of the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Force Commander of SFOR, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities of SFOR with regard to the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina as set out in annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemning the thousands of landmines planted by Israel in the Lebanese territory it occupies, which have caused and continue to cause dozens of deaths and extensive material losses.
Reaffirms all previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling the previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this subject, in particular resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit Conference;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of this resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
Being concerned about the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms regulation, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that the resort by Member States to unilateral actions in resolving their security problems would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea on violations of the border of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by the rapid evolution of the world economy towards increasing globalization and integration and the formation of strong economic blocs and the growing liberalization of world trade;
Taking into account economic difficulties during the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution No.
Recognizing the goals and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at working together to safeguard and protect Islamic heritage;
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of those symposiums.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea level rise and its social and economic implications in order to protect wildlife in coastal areas and the territories of member States.
Recalling Resolution No.
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Only with respect to concessions
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (No. 10/2/3/3386 of 9 March 2003) stressing the obligation to identify all relevant information through official documents in order to implement the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and the Directive on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001, 5 August 2001).
This preliminary report outlines a broad framework for preventing human rights violations involving the use of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol No. 12 and expanded its non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in road traffic fatalities, injuries and disabilities globally,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building”, organized by the delegation of China (item 61), will be held on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process of developing a new constitution, and stresses the importance of including Afghanistan's international obligations in the new Constitution and of ensuring the full participation of women in all the preparations for and holding of the Constitutional Loya Jirga and the Constitutional Loya Jirga itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, expressed their satisfaction with the draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement presented to the National Assembly by the Prime Minister, reiterated their appreciation for the efforts of the French and ECOWAS forces, and reiterated their concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in on the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing a link between the establishment of peace in Liberia and the consolidation of stability in Sierra Leone and the Mano River Union subregion; (c) the United Nations system should thoroughly assess the lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL in coordinating United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding, humanitarian and humanitarian and humanitarian and other United Nations agencies of the United Nations; (e) the United Nations agencies should give careful consideration of conflict and the United Nations peacekeeping and the United Nations peacekeeping efforts; (e) of peace-building role of the United Nations.
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes presented in the report were unavoidable and accepted the reasons for the adjustment of inflation for non-post expenditures, which were accepted as a justification for an increase of $9.9 million in the 2002 actual vacancy rate; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the context of the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to bring to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions of particular concern to her or such situations as early action or authorization to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
That was not the case.
“`In 1968, Haiti was expressly permitted to vote after invoking the de facto requirement of paragraph 2 of Article 19, until the Committee on Contributions made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 contingent personnel is an integral part of two contingents providing security in 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, air means would be required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each of which would have the capability to airlift a company at any operational location.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is the promotion of mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, the reduction of poverty and inequality and the elimination of oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, on his handling of this very difficult post.
Unfortunately, the persistence of weak practices throughout the world, like the recent events that claimed the lives of more than 120 people, reminds us in a very repugnant and very abnormal manner of the fact that terrorism is now a serious global problem and that there is an urgent need for greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community is aware of the magnitude of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priority tasks and ways in which Canada, as a donor and a non-members of the Council, can help.
It is also understood that partisan political considerations may also be an incentive for measures that have a positive or negative impact on local governments.
Fifty-sixth session
• Coordinate with relevant agencies to facilitate research on issues raised and referred directly to them and on follow-up to their references;
Part 1: What is the relevance, perspective of social capital, policies (Coordinator: UK National Statistical Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of countries implementing the EU Directive do not have statutory rules on the time of receipt of data messages, but in some cases the case law of some countries has established criteria on how traditional rules of receipt can be transposed to an electronic environment.
It is necessary to clarify whether the server entering the supplier is sufficient to determine the receipt of the message or whether the data message is actually retrieved by the addressee at its computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “do not explicitly address the issue of liability for possible failures in information systems.
The Council of Heads of State of the CIS, inter alia, supported the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April as the International Day for the Remembrance of the Victims of Radioactive Accident and Disasters.
I now have the pleasure to give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Counter-claims
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provide that all individuals referred to in both articles have an obligation to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds from the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activity is an ongoing process of creating the world.
• Government services;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observatory and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is equally designed to ensure that the voice of victims is given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ms. Motoc, will travel to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role does MONUC play in human rights when working together with the parties to establish a transitional Government?
Whatever progress has been made to date, millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the Chair's oral report on the consultations and provide conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions, considered a request from the Government of Croatia to consider its forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of relevant institutional stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, focusing on the progress made in the areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall be allocated no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I particularly draw attention to the latest UNRWA emergency appeal, which calls for the provision of vital services to hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of the constraints on the calculation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana and for the generous provision of such a good facility for the Conference;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, an eight-year-old Palestinian boy, and injured his six-year-old brother Ala, who was playing on the margins of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, recruitment below the approved level occurs at a higher level.
Prior to the development of the workplan, an assessment was made of the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the actual implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned from it.
Is extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraphs (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to engage in discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level before submitting its second periodic report.
The internal affairs branch is responsible for taking the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective share of Member States in this balance shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the provisions of those paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have intervened in a timely manner with our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that after 11 September, some United States airlines impose discriminatory measures on Arabs, whether American or not, and Muslims, such as forcing them into the plane.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen as being more neutral.
Question C: Applicability to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received numerous information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman called Afsheen Musarat.
Through that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish an enhanced inspection regime aimed at completing the disarmament process in a comprehensive and nuclear manner.
The people and the Government of Iran are first and foremost concerned that, once a war has taken place, it will undoubtedly fall into a humanitarian catastrophe on the people of Iraq, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to stress once again that the decision of the international community to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction, contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement actions against trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing gender bias and corrupt practices of relevant professionals.
The Committee first focused on issues such as the composition, working methods, intersessional work and the format of the report of the Committee, and adopted its terms of reference, as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in resolving international disputes by using all peaceful means at its disposal and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led the Organization, which are more relevant in the present stalemate.
In this process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism, but also our ability to carry out important tasks — that is, to save our world from the scourge of war.
Is this an allegation made at the previous meeting by the United States of America — a fact that many countries around the world do not agree with the United States allegations — or that is a question of the concept of requesting active cooperation from Iraq?
The present report discusses how the Decade and the United Nations Day contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81, entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 are General Service.
Table 19 Breakdown of fees for consultants and custodians
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be a top priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid adverse effects on the work of the Fund and progress in project redesign.
At its seventh session (22-24 January 2003), the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It was particularly important to find a balance between budget and other considerations.
Ms. Olara A. A. Guerra de Villaraz (Panama)
Expressing concern at the limited availability of safe and cost-effective mine detection and mine-clearing equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, while recognizing the need to promote further and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to this end,
Date of insertion
The full text of the comments is available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Condemning the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, recalling that the Council has consistently and unambiguously condemned these activities as one of the main factors contributing to the continuation of the conflict, and reaffirming the need to put an end to these activities and, if necessary, to exert the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Board took note of the preliminary announcement made by Colombia regarding its intention to host the eleventh session of the UNIDO Conference in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and shares information on experience gained, expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and issues between States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures run counter to all laws, principles and guidelines governing international relations in the area of global trade and intended to increase the wide range of commercial and economic transactions among States.
All of these areas have been greatly affected by the embargo because, despite many restrictions, such as education and culture have been priority areas for public spending in Cuba.
Despite the lack of material resources, Cubans continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and aerial interdiction.
Article 6 of the Banking Agency Act of 1998 contains preventive measures for the Government, which limit the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Constitution of Namibia, authorizes interference in the privacy of the family, correspondence or communication of any person, in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the Criminal Procedure Code of 1977, and authorizes access to any premises or search of any person.
The net claims for 332 claims resolved in part one of the sixteenth instalment therefore amounted to USD 211,284,854.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
