Allow me to emphasize that we will continue to cooperate with them on their own initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the Conference of the Parties at its seventh session had agreed on the calendar of meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission cases of systematic violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, by any State, in particular colonial and other unindependent Territories, on the grounds that it considered reasonable.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These typically include a detailed land cover database developed using the LCCS system and a variety of supporting data sets collected together with the dynamic map collection warehouse.
The joint launch of the Landscape System is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (Scientific Council).
The study of 77 health programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once a suspect has been brought, any material that has proved his guilt (e.g. a confession made voluntarily by the accused to a senior police officer) must be scrutinized before being accepted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has participated repeatedly in Falun Gong activities.
A copy of this opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevarra is not arbitrary in the meaning of the principles applicable to the Working Group in its consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors for this purpose under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of raising the health awareness of individuals, especially those of the armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to raise awareness of AIDS prevention among peacekeepers, establish the Special Adviser on AIDS and revise the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
During its 2003 regular session, the Committee received a letter from the Government of the United States of America dated 20 May 2003, in which the United States Government alleged that the Indian Movement “Tupai Amaru” violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In this case, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests.
31 HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
The view was expressed that it would be inappropriate to allow a very small group of creditors to decide on the course of events in the total number of creditors, given the prevailing reluctance of creditors.
The College also made further use of information and communication technology.
At the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37 in full.
IMO publication performance 45
Conference Support Services
The report clearly shows that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other agencies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the Organization's activities.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to actions taken later by the COP.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some countries in the accession process, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the chairpersons of the limited member bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in the intersessional workshops.
Following the delivery of the Trial Chamber's judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Blado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed appeals.
My delegation is indeed very pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The States Parties to the OAS undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: Amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the corresponding compensation should be awarded for the work performed by the claimant in the amount of USD 78/90/462; USD 611,071 for work listed in the invoice Nos. 26/90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/90/495; USD 1590/243 and 16/90/282; and USD 10,207 for the award No.
Annex I
Mr. Stahelin (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to fill the inherent shortcomings of the two ad hoc tribunals, the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the context of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 1948.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to important international treaties such as the weakening of the Rome Statute, we continue to believe that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and work actively towards a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption of resolution 57/63 on 22 November 2002, by a majority vote of the fifty-seventh session of the United Nations General Assembly, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for an immediate commencement of negotiations on an FMCT comes from multilateral documents, and I would like to recall some of them here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs for the rental of vehicles and premises and for security, which are important sources of revenue for the Somali parties.
All attempts to manage Somalia's fisheries have resulted in a large amount of money falling into the private hands of faction leaders in the past 10 years, in millions of dollars, and in part in the use and replenishment of private people.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge that its purpose is to assist or assist the owners or perpetrators of an act in the planning, facilitation or conduct of the operation, shall be punished by a specific provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation is being undertaken on the basis of the actions of the International Action Group against Money-Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: Towards a National Society for the Twenty-first Century” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 0155 and 0800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off the Zahir area east, then headed to the area of Al-Khalid and then headed towards the sea off Damur, violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution by referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
• Until 1988, the University and College of Myanmar could not award a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the increasing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries were still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(The top ten countries outside the Latin America and Caribbean region)
Annex
The unemployment rate is highest for men and women, aged 20-24 years.
Samoa's geographic rigour and its good communication and transportation systems make centralized services accessible.
In addition, health-care services should focus on the concept of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is that women are entrepreneurs, especially in small enterprises.
At present, there has been a constant change in the trend towards marriage, which is particularly late for women, 24 years in 1991, 27 years in 1993, and 31 and 27 years for men.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision taken by the provisional institutions must strictly abide by the provisions of that resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map encompassing all aspects of the transfer process will help to set standards, which are indispensable for a durable solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help to control and improve the situation.
High centrifuge centrifuge ratios could have a lower effect on orbit than near locations.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure the continued implementation of the programme of work outlined in previous relevant resolutions, in particular the organization of meetings with the international community in all its aspects, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the Palestinian Authority' staff.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States transported depleted uranium bombs from its Okinawa base to South Korea and conducted operational deployments, and on 8 June the United States launched a reassessment of the “Middle-term Report” of the United States Defense Cooperation Line in Busan.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations arising from the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is among the basic purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States of the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to accede to all those instruments of multilateral negotiations on legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation so as to create the conditions necessary for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
A drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of the current appropriate indicators.
With regard to mapping drought sensitive maps in one or the region, we favour the second approach, but serious research is needed.
• Mandate 1.4: Contribute to the compilation of online desertification terminology (Coordinator: Debicki)
Selected members for WHO
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and the empowerment of women, which should be recognized as essential to the achievement of all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers destined for Central Asia must be checked at the port of transit and then loaded on board ships to ensure that there are no prohibited items in the interior because of the fear that they will be smuggled into the country.
The second could be considered for direct use by individuals (as in previous cases relating to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) Strictly prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or physical or verbal harm.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Hanseatisches Oberlandesgericht, Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, this expression must be voluntary; it is not within the definition of the topic (more outside its scope), but within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also the existence of different democratic political systems and free and fair elections in the world based on the specific circumstances of States and regions, as well as on different backgrounds,
Anice stated that the contract period had been extended by mutual agreement but had not been formally extended.
With regard to interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
The terms of payment for the two contracts with SEPL are similar to those for each contract, which are partially paid in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Ta did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, the value of property or the presence of property in Iraq and Kuwait by 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The individual's employment contract provides that Montgomery is obliged to pay each employee from Kuwait at the end of his employment, and Montgomery states that each employee has an unspecified date of travel and exit ticket.
The heroin killer machine is still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to the promotion of the eradication of opium poppy and the fight against drug trafficking in Afghanistan, those problems must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant targets and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
Research results show that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
Two recent missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003, MONUC, and OHCHR, from 3 to 4 February 2003) identified a number of serious human rights violations, including gang rape of women, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Reaction Return Facility, a joint project of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing reconstruction assistance to returning individuals.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract foreign investment because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the number of students attending school, especially girls, and to provide informal educational opportunities.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families in special hardship situations
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the clusters begin, we will undertake the identification and verification of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work towards common goals in a more coherent and comprehensive manner, such as the formation of integrated committees by the General Assembly, the Security Council and members of the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agreed to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works for women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as proclaimed by Law No. 55-97.
(a) Strengthening the exchange of information, in particular on the activities and sources of financing of terrorists, terrorist organizations and other required information;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, however, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, and that the implementation of the regions is inconsistent and there is no mechanism to monitor and evaluate their implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen its efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors with special attention to children of less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention in its legislation and practice, including in the field of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children of single parents;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Law (1998), which introduces and promotes the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the replies submitted (59 out of 104 replies) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities sometimes participated in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often repeated to say that they will be assisted in this process, but, like other promises made in these holes, they are simply rhetoric.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation for the noble task of maintaining peace must be broad and complex concepts of security.
Together, these factors often increase the demand for indoor heating and transportation, one of the reasons for higher energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in greenhouse gas emissions by sector, 1990-2000.
Parties reported policies and measures in all sectors as required by the guidelines.
An in-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (by 31 March 2003) indicated that progress had been made in improving the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and their inclusion in the scope of the projected simulation.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation could increase or decrease by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States indicated that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
The quality of data is generally considered acceptable by the Parties.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite the increasing technical assistance provided, the demand for direct United Nations observation of elections has decreased.
Special attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the choice of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties, as well as to the countries of the region, the importance of progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on the key issue of how to better protect civilians in armed conflict as the subject of the briefing.
Indeed, his life is committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is an urgent matter of concern that deserves further discussion.
Mr. Prahart (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I should like at the outset to express my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union expresses its deep appreciation and full support for the commitment shown by the Security Council to the protection of civilians agenda and for the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to emphasize that, while these problems must eventually be addressed by Afghan State institutions, there is still a need for the deployment of a reasonable scale and the ability to demonstrate a strong force of international security forces to build the necessary security environment and trust to bring the Bonn process to a natural end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I wish to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.−1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw your attention briefly to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Group, so that the members of the Council can be informed of the current state of affairs.
I would like to conclude by thanking Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the Chilean delegation for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism to gradually improve this key United Nations tool.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to increase the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit to you the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was convened as part of the Netherlands' efforts towards an FMCT.
Languages of official documents of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that this paragraph is inconsistent with international law and German law, and we regret that we cannot accept it.
China commends the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States for their tireless efforts to advance the peace process, and we actively evaluate the recent decision of the ECOWAS summit on the issue of profit, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme was certified by ISO 9002; three other outputs were being requested for such certification;
(a) Personal data to be released by law, regulation or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects during the past five years, while 5.5 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices had participated only as recipients in international cooperation projects, 11 per cent indicated that they were involved only as donors, and 29 per cent of respondents indicated their involvement as donors and recipients in international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal accession efforts as non-nuclear-weapon States to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
l2. Many countries of the African Group are facing transport problems, and freight costs are visible from African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of e-commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino): San Marino will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, as we have done in the Third Committee.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: There are representatives wishing to speak in explanation of their vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I call on those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540.
KFOR intercepted 29 illegal cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently handed them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in the vicinity of the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the Sector, remains limited.
However, the practice of contemporary international claims has proved that certain organizations have been recognized as having legal standing on behalf of all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR had seriously affected the implementation of its strategy, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner for Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR would have to manage only half the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and circulated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 persons elected under articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of votes in favour and negative votes equal 126
Should the Committee or the pre-session working group consider that the information contained in the report of the State party is insufficient, the State concerned may request additional information requested and indicate the duration of the submission.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for the admissibility of the complaint
Filling of temporary vacancies 201
The military leaders will not separate the combatants and reverse their integration into the forces that have just arrived.
The three individuals were later shot and killed by Major José Zuma.
Upon review, it was determined that in order to provide quality services in a timely manner, those functions should continue to be performed by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be arranged in other areas of service of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry for which the transaction is commenced, and the transaction records relating to the transaction will be relied upon thereafter.
However, because these translation services are available at a much lower cost in local markets, it is not feasible to calculate the fees at full cost.
2.12 Pension (Amendment) Act, 2002
A package of teaching materials on “Equality” was published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, the allocation was made to fund the Special Initiative for the Adult Programme Living in Poverty (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, pay, promotion and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current right to adopt leave is 18 weeks for adoption and an optional eight-week leave (unpaid).
The following table shows the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of child-care facilities funded by this allocation.
The Department also provides funding for a voluntary organization aimed at reducing violence against male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men to recognize their own violence and assume responsibility for their cessation.
(b) To introduce maternity leave with pay or with equal social benefits without loss of work, seniority or social allowances;
Article 8
Whenever the list is updated, it will be communicated to the central authorities responsible for border control.
However, the outlook for 2003 will continue to be influenced by uncertainties that exist in the current global economy.
While raising the education and health of the people is a good goal in themselves, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to chapter 40 of Agenda 215 — the unfinished environmental action plan set out at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development — and will help the international community to assess progress on some of the environmental objectives set out in the Plan.
ESCAP will hold the annual session of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology Applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under alternative B, the signature requirement can be met if the “data message” contains “electronic signature, which is both appropriate and reliable”.
Until recently, WHO had collected data through secondary sources such as the National Health Survey.
Based on other information received, the Committee noted that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and underexpenditures, including an overrun of $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, $629,200 for alteration, renovation and construction, $528,600 for the acquisition of generators, $310,800 for sanitation and cleaning supplies, and overexpenditures for public utilities of $123,000 for other items.
The role of microcredit as an alternative to higher-interest financing was assessed.
By the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals against the final judgements of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from those work.
In addition to those conflicts of great concern, despite the good intentions and the adoption of resolutions from the various forums that began at the Millennium Summit, two major issues that the international community has not yet boldly addressed.
Mr. Thorazen (Togo) (spoke in French): We have gathered again this year to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that can breathe new life into our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan personally for his concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
The introduction of exception reports in accordance with certain pre-established criteria will certainly allow more effective monitoring of compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to attach high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order to, inter alia, take effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting from mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as set out in the settlement plan;
During the period under review, there has been no significant change in the status of the Organization in terms of funding or other international non-governmental organizations with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has taken up administrative responsibility for the development programme for vulnerable groups.
Various studies have been conducted to evaluate news reports and mass media programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender considerations are taken into account in developing health-related programmes.
Education is once again crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and praise for the Committee's previous concluding observations) have now been cancelled.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach that consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To this end, the State party should take appropriate measures to make the public aware of the remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal safeguards, indigenous peoples and Afro-Ecuadorians and other members of ethnic minorities are in fact subject to discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on the land ownership of indigenous communities and the remedies available to indigenous populations for environmental damage suffered by traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “expressed tenants” and recommends that the State party increase its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give more prominence to the work of those bodies, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on the review of cases of racial discrimination in their next periodic report.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law in order to define more clearly the scope of the concept.
Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, either by submitting periodic reports or by submitting additional information to the Committee on the situation in Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the ethnic composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of the composition of the population in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draw the attention of the State party to the Committee's general recommendation No. 8 on the self-identification of members of specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of their submission and that the Committee's observations on these reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She wished the Chairman of the Advisory Committee to make a statement.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make available on their websites national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and the CRF, and to inform the secretariat of the exact web site of those publications on the Internet;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular from the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Vision Plan, is a key area of activity for building a knowledge-based society.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and condemns the communications received by the Permanent Representative of the Kinshasa Government to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems when considering assistance for space launch rocket projects in any other State, taking into account that such programmes could be used to cover ballistic missile programmes;
The approach of the party is most likely to break down the international community that is truly united, committed and determined to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and his staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and other maintenance of office equipment for staff; supplies and supplies; and the purchase of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)), entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) resigned from the Longevity (Japan) until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the Assembly considered the question biennially in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as the coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system falling within its purview and its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategy and have been consolidating each other's functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association, a voluntary non-governmental organization, was established in 1962 as a pioneer in the Kenya Family Planning Campaign.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of your Government to identify and investigate financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban within your jurisdiction, or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities that support them.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations in Africa must also be provided with sustained financial assistance to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in the regions and countries of Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of the responding countries indicated that national policies provided equal access to services for all, irrespective of gender, women and girls continued to face widespread economic, legal and social barriers to increase their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of children living with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent by 50 per cent by 2010, and 80 per cent of pregnant women had access to antenatal care and services that would reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
For countries to sustain effective responses over the long term, strategies must be developed to build and sustain institutional capacities.
A review of existing practices within the United Nations system indicates that there are the following new features in how to use evaluations of lessons learned at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held on the occasion of the annual session of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognizing the increased responsibilities of WMO, the fifty-fourth executive board of WMO agreed to prioritize the WMO space programme.
New strategies were requested to promote the availability and accessibility of data so that observing systems and programmes could benefit the application of meteorology and researchers to address global environmental issues.
As the Secretary-General's report indicates, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in Timor-Leste.
These are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) Within any other period of time in which it is involved in any of the activities to be carried out in the medium term of the contract of carriage, the loss, destruction or delay occurred during the period during which such activities were performed.
The second alternative was selected and the last sentence was in square brackets.
A/CN.9/526, para. 103, expressed concern that subparagraph (iv) (now (d)) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any instruction that the controlling party might give to the carrier, rather than any change to the terms of the contract of carriage, which required the parties to the contract to agree together.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other States that have encountered such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects to improve corporate social responsibility in the developing world that would lead to a marked increase in productivity and sales; it should assist SMEs in developing a clear and realistic approach to corporate social responsibility, provide training and tools for SMEs to promote business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be submitted within seven days from the date of receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not been issued to date, an estimate of the dates of their submission and issuance is provided.
To create jobs and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO has implemented international programmes to help countries develop action plans for the employment of women within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport 69-70 8
He regretted that the meeting had not agreed on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once reached, would generate $50 billion in income for poor or affluent countries and would help to save 144 million people worldwide from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation, making maximum use of international cooperation to increase investment for the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the elimination of racial and ethnic discrimination is being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the Department's priorities was the implementation of the revised Forest Law (Act No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of strategic action plans, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols and the establishment of national forestry sector observatories to improve the management and conservation of natural heritage.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including those at the country level, to give due consideration to the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, within their mandates and work, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level;
She also welcomed the Joint Ministerial Statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
She highlighted in particular the recommendations made by the Ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
The complaint
Like the previous speaker, she expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to expedite the full implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification was needed on the recommendation that some final performance reports should not be prepared (para.
His delegation wished to look at the technical analysis on which the Inspectors had put forward the recommendation and wished the Advisory Committee to support it.
(b) Integrating user groups into the development and implementation of management plans under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau would consist of five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of their gross national product as official development assistance, to reduce the burden of external debt in developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries so that they could integrate into the international economy, benefit from globalization and narrow the gap with developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis, and the granting of the Community observer status in the United Nations General Assembly would contribute to the achievement of that objective, enhance cooperation between the two parties in guaranteeing world peace and regional security.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The relevant Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to its accession.
The Controller just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarification at informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains significant information on the legal provisions in effect since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Both reports and replies are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to undertake a full inquiry into the facts of 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish the responsible person and to provide the complainant with an affirmative response, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days from the date of the present decision, of the steps taken in response to the above observations.
As a result of the fact that he had been tortured, he was seriously wounded in his right feet by stick.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that, at the beginning of the report, the organization clearly stated that it would not judge whether the complainant would be at risk for his activities prior to his escape, since the organization could not carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The Committee wishes to consider whether the State party makes mandatory repatriation of the complainant to the Sudan and contravenes the obligation under article 3 of the Convention to expel or return a person to another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party submits that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons do not justify systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to submit its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide discusses the relative applicability of all aspects of insolvency law in this context.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in observance of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met in New York with the President of the United States, George W. Bush, personally expressed the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first-registered secured creditor would have been able to protect itself by verifying whether the counterparty had possession of the encumbered assets when the secured creditor obtained its security right.
An alternative or additional approach would be to require the identification of the inclusion of an assignee in the list of persons with a secured creditor with an assignment in a registered notice in order to avoid a situation involving third party creditors.
By limiting the level of detail of information on the relationship between the parties concerned in the public records, a notification-based registration system strengthens the degree of confidentiality of the relationship with the secured creditor.
However, by transferring legitimate control over third parties' performance obligations to the secured creditor, it may also be functional equivalent to renunciation of possession.
The consultants conducted the drafting of the guidelines with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the view of the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, that there is an urgent need to eliminate the phenomenon of deprivation and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, women in institutions or in detention, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often especially targeted or vulnerable to violence, while others suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the two Protocols thereto, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should work towards the establishment of a global security environment of cooperation, mutual trust and confidence, ensuring universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the motivation of some States to acquire, develop and retain nuclear weapons.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
The information provided by Iraq was thoroughly reviewed not only during the reporting period.
His delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue their constructive dialogue on a peaceful and just solution to the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) through the negotiation of a peaceful and peaceful settlement of disputes between States, as well as reflecting the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have this reply circulated as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of items under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of introducing the proposal to replace 132 computers.
Annex I
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting that the least developed countries seeking to diversify their exports to products and/or services had successfully reduced their poverty levels, he stressed the link between poverty levels in one country and their ability to diversify their production structures and the importance of a country's export structure for their development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The session was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
While some progress has been made last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the continuing concern, while setting out the tasks to be carried out.
In 2003, more than 3 million people worldwide died of HIV/AIDS, with an estimated 5 million people living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), reaching 40 million people worldwide.
While HIV/AIDS was initially seen as a health problem, it was increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to the recognition that many factors associated with the subordination of women have increased the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable justice system.
The events of January 2003 placed an enormous burden on the emerging defence and police forces of Timor-Leste, resulting in procedural violations of the law and human rights violations.
The view was also expressed that, in its analysis, the report should reflect more appropriately the core strategy for achieving the Millennium Development Goals, adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as the various aspects of the Millennium Project, since they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by States and development agencies to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Board: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 shows a decrease in the budget resulting from the implementation of the Advisory Committee's recommendations on non-post objects of expenditure (including the Committee's recommendations on posts and the impact of its recommendations on computer replacement cycles on furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for support to the Security Council be reviewed in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline those arrangements and, where appropriate, to integrate support capacities in order to enhance the efficiency of the various activities and to make full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the reduction in 2002-2003 and the amount of information technology resources currently proposed for recovery amounted to $480,600 (without recosting) and $113,800 for expansion (see paras. 108-113, above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had made a proactive recommendation and had discussed conference and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
The increase in resources includes the recovery of some $2 million (unrecover).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights component that had previously been under the authority of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country AIDS programme and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, with regard to acts of terrorism committed outside Costa Rica, or where such acts are not genuinely carried out, articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code provide that persons who create a State or an international organization for terrorist activities are subject to the law.
In this regard, the Act intends to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code concerning illegal organizations.
For its part, the legal status of the Foundation is established by Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, under which article 1 recognizes “the proper legal status of the Foundation ... is the exclusive entity of public utilities, where fixed assets are deployed for the purposes of education, charitable, cultural, scientific activities and all activities for social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the camps and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 member States:
Review
In this regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the work programme of the Special Committee for 2004-2005, based on the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made considerable progress in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in immigration to coca-growing areas, while, in response to counter-narcotics enforcement efforts, illicit drug laboratories tended to move from rural to suburbs.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to facilitate the exchange of information on new features and substances used in drug abuse” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of physical control;
Solomone Naivalu, Health Minister, Fiji
Access to all documents considered to be relevant to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, exchange between governmental and implementing organizations, minutes of meetings and computer files) and measures for proper forensic analysis in the field or elsewhere (e.g. removal, reproduction).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000, Adrien Mundyo, Thomas Osithudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Zambian High Court ruled that there was no reason to continue his detention.
3.2 The author also argues that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, as criminal proceedings lasted for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the Committee's request for the date on which the author's son was executed and the State party's information on the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of his own, her adult daughter and her foreign grandson, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent that, in the absence of a mandate, the parties must present compelling reasons for sending the communication on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister's appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999 to the effect that the Court of Appeal's decision in the “a highly difficult case”, although “contentious”, was candid in evidence and was properly weighed against the conflicting factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that the danger of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequence of the imminent return of a person is that its rights may be violated.
Communication No. 933/2000, Adrien Mundyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo* (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)
For this reason, you have no right to make a pension under this law.”
The military officer in charge of the area during the period 1990-1991 was Amarasinghe, and a terrorist attack had been killed shortly afterwards.
Thus, the State party provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of age-based discrimination legislation as a response to the findings of the Commission's findings in the author's case.
The Convention authorizes the `acceptance and consideration' of communications to be considered by the Committee and not [the Committee].
The facts as presented by the author
Author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party has not refuted these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail Cabal, but on 2 August 2001, the warrant was placed on appeal.
The detention of all remand prisoners in custody in Melbourne in 1989, but the opening of a six-week post-mile post was completed and new remand prisoners must be held at the Coburburg reception centre.
Subsequently, he and other members of his organization were aware that the relevant educational laws (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (Presidential Decree on Curricular Materials) prohibited the publication of textbooks in the national language.
3.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself a violation of article 27.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi people have been guaranteed through the mechanisms of alienation if there has been no prior determination in the reindeer husbandry area of full grazing rights.
On 4 February 2000, the committees reached an agreement to recommend to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was not possible to see whether the Supreme Court's conclusion in the Aursunden case in 1997 was that the Sami had no bias.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M and on 7 February 1997, he was held in pretrial detention.
2.3 According to the author, the confirmation receipt by the Post Office indicates that the date of the application to the court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had committed the alleged crime and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, suspended his sentence and ordered him to pay the complainant with compensation of 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on this request, but according to the State party, the request has a reasonable expectation of success, since, in domestic law, fault has always been linked to the illegal administrative decision, the legal responsibility of the Government for this purpose (the Administrative Court, 26 January 1973, Dancy Rec., p. 77).
In this regard, the Court of Appeals is satisfied that “the author is no longer in vain and can give a clearer consideration to the current position, such as the place of his victim in his life, because of the acceptance of the chlorazil drug treatment” and “the possibility of recidivism and harm to society is small and negligible” “Clorazil treatment is very successful”.
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sofia and Bulgaria Electricity Company, International Permanent Court, Judgment Series, A/B No. 79.
The substantive cooperation required would first require Iraq to fulfil its obligation to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the objects and activities for destruction, or to provide evidence to facilitate the conclusion that there are no prohibited items or activities.
We in Iraq would like to say to the hand that there are no prohibited items and, if there is evidence to the contrary, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
A clear example is Iraq's declaration concerning HMX, which was seized by IAEA in Iraq at the end of 1998, which has been made available to cement plants as industrial mining explosives.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, intergovernmental organizations and representatives of major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [the activities of the Ad Hoc Expert Group] during the meetings of the first [second] [three] days and continue to participate as observers].
Currently, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be highly medium-risk areas.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts need to be made to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is essential for all types of development.
If the State does not guarantee its right to survival, these communities will not realize the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution”.
Other enterprises, when confronted with popular protests and political resistance, or considering the cost of engaging in sustainable development that is at the heart of human rights, are too expensive to stop, eliminate projects or invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure may be used to freeze without delay funds related to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the relevant statements, credentials had been received from 40 States at the meeting of the Credentials Committee in accordance with rule 24 of the Rules of Procedure by representatives of the Conference of the States Parties at its second session, Estonia, Fiji, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Marshall Islands, New Zealand, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Norway, Portugal, Serbia and Montenegro.
Notes
Article 8, paragraph 3 (voluntary associations and funds) of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act provides that foreign and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as well as Azerbaijani citizens.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and the benefits that they have generated;
Under the Fund's provisions, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and not compete with other similar enterprises in the same area.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavian Training Platform for Cultural Management (NBP) and the European Network for Cultural Management (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some of the electronic business processes that may be of interest to countries (OECD 2003) have been identified and partially defined:
We will explore possible linkages between e-commerce and technology censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the work of the Commission.
The Chairman: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, entitled “Disarmament and International Security Questions”, under cluster 9.
Step 3: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
There is no legislative provision that defines racist offences as offences against racist motives, nor does it provide that courts take into account racist motives into account when adjudicating them.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the introduction of strategies aimed at strengthening the right of Roma children to health care and education (for example, through health and education intermediaries and in Roma languages).
A special review on gender equality recommended the development of a policy for mainstreaming gender equality in the country, and recommended that it be tested in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary care or in emergency wards in hospitals.
Labour laws recognize trade unions, multi-enterprise unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary labour unions.
If a female worker is sick after childbirth, her post-natal leave shall be extended by the department providing him with preventive or therapeutic care.
Following the opening of the 800 telephone line programme, a number of tasks and actions have been undertaken and the tasks and actions have been continuously assessed and expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue was also included in the list of mandatory disease notification.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and rewards, the number of students enrolled in the subsidized sector increased by 278,611, from 1994 to 1998 to a further 10 per cent increase.
These schools also benefit from being the focus of the National Help Programme.
Table 3 Participation of persons aged 65 or over in the labour force 29
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the scheduling of meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of academic and research communities in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the low enrolment, achievement and graduation rates for students throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group of the General Assembly on the Integrated Follow-up to the United Nations for the integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way to hold annual meetings of States Parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations that exist in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building support from developing countries and LDCs in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the impact of multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives, as well as human development and institutional development, and, to this end, undertakes to cooperate with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Early warning and risk education should be given to affected communities.
Most border checkpoints can use these information by satellite.
The signing of this document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations means agreeing to the provisions of this plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in developing countries rose from 0.87 to 0.92, and the sex of secondary school enrolment rose from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a certain age group, but the evidence discussed in this report relates only to adults.
In developing countries, differences in health-care knowledge and behaviour are the root causes of disparities in the level of education in infant mortality.
e Data refer to students (university) and do not include students (university students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the work of the ad hoc organs and special sessions of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, as well as on disarmament, decolonization, economic and social fields, organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and the final agenda, the supplementary items, the memorandum by the Secretary-General on the organization of work of the General Assembly, the report on the status of documentation for processing and the draft resolutions and decisions of the Council for processing;
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the provision and editing of information to minimize delays in the processing of documents.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which state the illegal nature of those acts and require Israel to withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities ignored.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations for its commendable efforts to reduce the impact of natural disasters on human society through coordinated efforts by the international community and to pay special attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session on children not only provides us with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990, but also an opportunity to further commit to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and malnutrition among children.
500 million children continue to live in extreme poverty, 1 billion children are out of school and more are under-educated; about 150 million children are malnourished in developing countries and 1 million children under five die every year from preventable diseases, and how successfully?
The plan of action is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The staffing requirements for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report of its delegation to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Panel of Experts
Answer:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Malta, Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the realization of the right to development, and, in this regard, stresses the need to broaden the base of international decision-making on development issues, fill the gaps in organizational institutions, strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and emphasizes the need for increased and stronger involvement of developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendations
In addition, linkages between them are becoming closer and more existing freight transit companies are seeking to establish joint relations with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 Part III of the Criminal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective, irrespective of the law of the place of crime, insofar as acts are committed against the public by aircraft or ships flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or clearly marked and legally navigable.
Does any relevant bilateral treaty to which Tajikistan is a party criminalize offences under the relevant international conventions and protocols?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F. Arias Ambassador Permanent Representative
The investment requested may include specific and specific assets, resulting in incidental costs and increased transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia entrusts all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to cooperate in combating kidnapping.
Members called on both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms in their verification efforts.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
As a result of the duplication of the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, the division of financial responsibility between the two Departments has increased the difficulty of coordination.
In view of the fact that the family has access to audio-visual facilities, which do not justify its use for women in the family, it will also be important to disaggregate the use of audio-visual facilities by gender.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are a goal pursued by the Iraqi leadership.
And precisely because of these, I can point out that any decision taken by the people of Iraq is acceptable to Turkey as long as it is democratic and inclusive.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that they may not meet Kyoto targets even with the latest measures identified at the late 1990s.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and that encouraging and developing international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture can bring important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibilities and situations that were often referred to as “non-State actors” should be reviewed.
Some delegations, however, expressed the view that the perpetrators who agreed to provide information that would help to identify the truth should be given special treatment.
By comparison, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come quickly with the concrete efforts of the Commission and other multilateral frameworks, with full cooperation, especially through the full political will and national priorities demonstrated by the capitals of the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the Monitoring Group's report contained a worrying fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately upon the closure of a discussion of the item, if time permits.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meeting of the seminar shall be held in public, except for the determination of the President that private meetings are required for exceptional circumstances.
Clearly, there can be no real lasting peace in the Middle East without a solution to the relationship between Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on positive developments in the overall security situation and the involvement of the international community.
Mr. Vassillet (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having organized this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us the opportunity to hear such excellent briefings by the Ambassador of the West village, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Using best medical findings to improve treatment programmes, conducting prudent assessments, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums for field staff, related UNHCR contributions and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the changing workload of missions.
d In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount assessed on Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was set off against the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
In observance of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national workshop focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their close coordination and firm work in this regard, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue the reform of its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 was to consolidate a fragile foundation for peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States and by States that possess nuclear weapons is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of the forest line and have affected increased deforestation.
As a result of the receipt of complaints from different sources of nationality from various fronts, the Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 to recognize the gravity of the conflict.
The second expert meeting discussed the legal definition of a mercenary and expressed the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman indicated that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If further assuming that 30 per cent of the investment group had worked together, it would require business lenders to undertake a total risk of 50 per cent, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs were covered by the project sponsors or beneficiaries' initial payments, then the value of investments supported by $200 million could be $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV), adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991, on the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Import into Africa and Control of Transboundary Movement in Africa;
At the International Ministerial Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), held in Arta, Kazakhstan, the secretariat contributed to the preparation of the report of UNCTAD on “Addressing the Challenges and Opportunities for Transport and Economic Development in Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided an additional detailed account of trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with WTO regional workshops on trade and environment.
These items are of a high value or of an extraordinary nature (“the Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chains of inhuman poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, big and small, abide by the Charter of the United Nations.
Will we, as debtor countries, perpetuate poverty?
We are convinced that these modest reforms will make the interests more interested in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate on the critical issues that will make it easier to implement decisions.
2003/3 Programme and budgets, 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular in support of the activities of developing countries and, in particular, least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries.
Iraq now has a Management Committee, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both have identified the road to peace, and all people have access to the day of freedom — the day when the peace comes.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Mr. Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The Korean political system is a mixed presidential system with certain features of the parliamentary system, which differs from a purely presidential system.
In general, there are two situations where violations and compensation are made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri brigade consists of 4,800 military personnel authorized, including four battalions and support units.
Following this, MONUC has taken a number of initiatives to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain persons suspected of being in possession.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identifies, inter alia, a number of matters for which the Forum will take action.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with “best practices in implementing the Department's annual programme impact review results”.
In the objective, replace the words “in line with the Millennium Declaration” with the words “to guide the priorities of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in coordination with all Member States and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade;
Discrimination against persons with full sentences
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or racial, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
System supplier entities, potential donor and end-user countries, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely together to ensure safe, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO organized a technical meeting in November 2002 on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility to identify possible strategic approaches to enhance participation in national forest programmes and to build partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve lasting and lasting peace.
He noted the new institution of the Commission for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial measures taken to strengthen the role of civil society in southern Sudan under rebel domination.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-9193).
In this process, dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society are essential.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session of 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus1 also introduced a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb) In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements was transformed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued the debate on the annual declarations and pre-qualification of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles and improvement of quality.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to offer courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civic affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The cases of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia are, as appropriate, indicative of the importance of justice in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly will need to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant parts of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
With regard to the Tribunal, liaison would be made on behalf of the Organization at United Nations Headquarters, as required, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To enhance dialogue with the major groups mentioned in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to involve those groups in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision makers has also been supported to take into account social issues related to water, energy and the environment in their policies and plans.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of the Member States concerned, in the provision of timely relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association for Volunteering also has a voluntary liaison representative who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association for Voluntary Activities and newsletters on United Nations activities.
The jury subsequently made recommendations to the Government, which would be followed up and evaluated strictly.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed in the name of counter-terrorism and that combating terrorism was being used as a pretext for torture and repression against human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that on 29 and 30 November, both the ECOWAS and the French forces observed attempts by armed elements to cross the ceasefire line and the possible grave consequences.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent of kin: 27.2 per cent of friends: 57.8 per cent of the same thing or persons working relationship: 52.7 per cent of themselves (a subscription to short information): 25.0 per cent of the deaf: 1.7 per cent other: 0.6 per cent.
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons, as a group, are not inherently vulnerable, but the ageing process increases their risk by forcing people to adapt to the physical, social and economic environment they cannot control.
The different ways in which different groups specifically expressed their common concern varied, but they agreed that social vulnerability inhibits their full potential and deprives them of their voice and rights.
Many families have been dwarfed by medical costs and income lost to infected family members.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations exclusively from the standpoint of international law.
The Commission maintained a proper balance between the international organization being equated with an intergovernmental organization and, even if it might be overly restrictive of the scope of the draft articles, the desire to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
(a) The primary responsibility of States to protect refugees and other persons under the responsibility of UNHCR;
Given the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassess UNHCR's position in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Chadian Movement for Democracy and Justice and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken to design super-priority for purchase-money financing is whether such a priority should be granted only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the purchase of the goods.
Determine the benefits of such priority claims can contribute to social objectives.
For creditors, clear and predictable priority rules, as well as effective mechanisms to identify and identify priority in providing credit, are equally important as the details of the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Chairman of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, for all goods entering Somalia or exported from Somalia to neighbouring countries to be checked, there is a need for significant human and sophisticated inspection equipment, which is not available in most countries of the region.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that support should be provided to the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the results of the voting and said that delegations had gathered together to change the thrust of the draft resolution by changing its title.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as follows: “ `discrimination' means a different treatment for persons of different origin, political opinion, colour, creed or gender, which are bound or restricted by the race, place of origin, political opinion, colour, creed, or gender of which they belong, without any restriction or limitation, the privileges or preferences that the former cannot be granted.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to enjoy these services without discrimination and equality.
Resettlement services are provided by the company's headquarters and by the District Media Centre (including the Gozo Islands).
Since each category of persons has different rules, the Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “children” and “youth”.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children had lived in institutions of care, of which 173 boys and 150 girls.
A total of 68 such areas are listed in the list of cases by location.
The invisible mirror can be provided only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are monitored at antenatal clinics in maternity hospitals.
Given the small size of the Maltese islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A mentoring programme and some support were also provided for the services of special students.
Malta favours the idea of culture as an expression of broad personal, social and economic values.
The paper sees these people's creative activities as a fundamental activity to ensure sustainable national development, because it has the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Notification of rental and sale by the Housing Authority
Despite the major efforts being made, wars, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other problems continue to seriously impede the sustainable development of African societies.
In particular, I would like to raise issues of finance, debt, market access and technology and the transfer of experience.
The importance of trade will not be overstated in national development.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of recognized associations.
It is important to reiterate that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, non-discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of their human rights and that “any act contrary to the fundamental principle of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities”.
Support was expressed, therefore, for the revision of the informal paper of the two countries, and for the negotiation of a comprehensive convention on the one hand, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes and, on the other hand, the regulation of other forms of cloning, which would be chosen by States parties in the future, or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, through domestic legislation.
Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, and without objection, I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council in due course.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to make the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to come forward in predicting potential crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and aggressive separatism are often intertwined and pose a threat to the foundation of the international system.
This month marks the two and a half years of crisis in Israel and the West Bank and Gaza Strip — a insecurity, a political impasse and a half years of economic destruction.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the continued efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who have fought for the cause of justice, such as the ban of the United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for national independence, have been persecuted.
He will clarify and elaborate further on such methods and, where necessary, integrate human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The rate of employment and unemployment has deteriorated in almost all countries of the region, although the most serious situation has so far been in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have experienced a severe economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to take policy conclusions when discussing scientific facts.
The dedicated organizational and external resources are the main sources of funding for most assessments.
The process of making the outcome a relevant scientific policy is as important as the data collection process” (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/Marine Assessment/reports/Iceland-propoulos.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc/
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions in the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Case study for Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to present this issue to troop-contributing countries on an annual basis.
In response to this question, see the responses to subparagraphs 2 (a) and (b).
Camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements, refugees were intercepted, denied access or forced repatriation, deprived of access to effective asylum procedures.
Also under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, while burden-sharing was a central issue for the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, a shot fired at United Nations aircraft in Baldere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic reports of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicated that both Governments and non-governmental organizations had participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Brazilian Government or the National Assembly.
Students prefer religious classes and science and mathematics are less popular.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends awards of compensation for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis placed by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges in the Barents Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting in changes affecting the fertility, growth and mortality rates of fish stocks; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals that have been assembled in the Arctic environment, although their origin is different; (iii) industrial development and the conservation of fish stocks and the protection of the clean environment, which is expected to be more than five years later in 2015.
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, submarine activities, shipping activities and dumping in areas outside national jurisdiction, as well as the impact of climate change, posed a real and sustainable threat to the Arctic marine environment.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to spread United Nations voices throughout the world;
The programme agreed with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring that entrepreneurs needed support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanneurs du monde, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitu (Romania) (translated from Spanish): Mr. President, since this is the first time that we have spoken during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the verification model, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach have been proposed and discussed extensively.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian homes have been demolished in the West Bank region (including East Jerusalem) as a result of the failure to obtain pre-construction permits, resulting in the loss of their homes by 16,700 Palestinians.
The portfolio currently comprises approximately 100 loans, with an insurance value of over $5 million; and an additional $3 million for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will utilize and draw on the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I have the honour to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
During the same period, more than 10,000 students received scholarships from Eastern Europe, the USSR, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of the population aged 15 years and above and 5 per cent of men completed the secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from four to eight, the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18 and the number of district hospitals from 96 to 131 and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also work with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative approaches to counselling and birth spacing services for adolescents.
The same courses are available for boys and girls, and children play football, tennis, wool and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous youth have taken note of the experiences of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the first meeting of States parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey announced its intention to accede to the Convention during the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also contributed to the definition and clarification of the different issues.
However, everyone knows how much harm can be done if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we have just begun.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supported the efforts of the Secretary-General to modernize the human rights treaty system, particularly with regard to reporting requirements, which placed a growing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating accounts for different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political - military”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the types of principal legal systems.
In the first phase of its work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had enacted legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative includes a steering group organized by target countries, donor countries and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account all other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
With regard to sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of health services at the national level play an increasingly important role, primarily as a factor in promoting and implementing those goals, and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability.
In order to make progress, we need a frank dialogue and concrete proposals.
Mr. Tawilla (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum that are members of the United Nations: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my own country, Fiji.
Individual committees can also play an important role in discussions from bottom-up and bottom-up.
It was said that a proposal submitted during the first session of the National Congress to the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Finance of the Senate would modify article 956 of the domestic tax law and, importantly, amend article 936 of the Federal Government Act on the elimination of most tax exemptions.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and were of the view that its recommendations were acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the barriers to receiving data from the global data centre for atmospheric and hydrological networks, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address these issues for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and signed an agreement with that country in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the exploitation of oil resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on Free Access to Information sets out the conditions relating to the right to free access to information and establishes basic requirements for the provision of information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO claims that the reconstruction project increased rice harvest by 12 per cent in 2003, partially offset by a sharp decline in maize harvest as a result of last year's drought.
Integrated management of childhood diseases, implemented under the Health Strategy for Children between the ages of one and five, of the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste reinforced cooperation in various fields of education and science.
Legislation based on the policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the national police and public administration to fully respect the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was resumed using the wording used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly Variant 1, para. 4 (b)), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74 and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also expressed the view that the absence of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China at this meeting was an important signal and urged all Member States that opposed the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
The increase in the use of procurement cards and the use of the PaymentNet software has resulted in an increase of $2,500 to all card holders for one transaction.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures to restore stability in Iraq should be taken as soon as possible.
The development of a sustainable, non-polluting energy is a key element in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Distance cooperation and exchanges between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Level 7 retains the executive management of ODS.
Recommendation of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
International organizations associated with the programme generally believe that statistics are primarily a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts on the implementation of a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively committed to seeking consensus in the Conference on Disarmament for negotiations on a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, based on the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards the above-mentioned objectives can be summarized as follows: to encourage the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East and the firm maintenance of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the non-proliferation of weapons in the Middle East; to propose practical measures to reduce tension, build confidence and control the arms race in the region under the auspices of the United Nations; to strengthen intelligence cooperation and confidence-building measures between the States of the Middle East and the world, in violation of the Treaty or of national sovereignty.
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and, in this regard, reiterates the call of President Olusegun Obasanjo for the international community to work during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago to conclude a legally binding international instrument to regulate the supply of such weapons to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “whistle-blowers” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about violence and discrimination resulting from religious intolerance in many women,
Such an analysis must be conducted with the direct involvement of relevant institutions and programmes.
In the event of specific deficiencies in the publication programme, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach could not be seen as reform, but rather as abolishing the mandate and objectives of the Commission and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre, as necessary.
(a) It shall be the legal representative of matters relating to the Centre and shall be responsible for the administration and operation of the Centre;
Uruguay had made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict areas and had participated in more than 20 meetings to that end since 1952.
Like many countries on our continent, Ethiopia has suffered for the long time as a result of conflict and war and its consequences, and in this regard it may suffer more than others.
The project against child abduction was reported as another important activity of UNICEF in the Sudan with the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed that programme managers must comply with regulation 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform goals, let alone to the goal of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy, adopted in July 2000, provides for positive action to increase the proportion of women representatives of the Government's legislative and executive bodies and political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 Situation Assessment and Analysis.
14.5 The use of women in rural areas and family planning methods
In June 2003, in a statement to the press, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the Quartet's efforts.
The aforementioned resolution affirms the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
The pattern I found in my previous report remains unchanged, that the aircraft often headed off the coast and entered Lebanese airspace from the northern part of the UNIFIL area of war, thus avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the renovation of premises should make it easier to access the buildings.
The report also discusses trends in the range and methods of use of contraceptives by married women and cohabitants in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community had a set of strong commitments to guarantee human survival, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than 1 billion people in the world were suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change undermined the stability of many countries and that millions of children continued to die as a result of the lack of drinking water and sanitation, and that the gap between rich and poor continued to exist in unsustainable patterns of production and consumption.
Other matters
Recalling the resolve of heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures aimed at, inter alia, ensuring respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, eliminating the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and promoting harmony and tolerance among all people in all societies,
This trend confirms the downward trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the records of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there was room for a solution to the major problems in the region.
Concerns over the control of soil salinization and reduction of nitrate pollution from groundwater have increased.
By commemorating the World Day, national support for the Convention could be revitalized to promote the sharing of experiences and knowledge.
When travel is not required to leave the residence overnight, the allowance shall be paid for 40 per cent if the travel is not less than ten hours or more, if it is completed.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covers a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration calls for concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed sending a delegation to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat, thereby demonstrating the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the number of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to realize women's right to participate in all spheres of public life, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage girls and boys to develop their full potential through a variety of educational choices.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that a number of recent changes in British Columbia have had a disproportionate negative impact on women, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Indigenous Peoples Governance Act”, which is currently under discussion, does not address discriminatory legal provisions that remain in other laws, including the rights to matrimonial property, identity and family affiliation that are contrary to the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among the relevant United Nations organizations in promoting the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chairs of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund has established two awards, one of the “best reporting awards for women journalists”, and the other “most gender-sensitive reporting awards for male journalists or female journalists”.
Research will be undertaken in the field of the media and peace, with special attention to the Latin American and African regions.
In December 2001, a project entitled “The Heritage and a Culture of Peace” was launched in collaboration with UNESCO cultural units, within the framework of the implementation of the Plan of Action, with a view to finding an odious or logo in the local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation and to give greater attention to the concept of a culture of peace.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic characteristics of all stages in the value chain.
The Director of Finance participated in the NGO ADB Forum, organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB, in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of successfully adapting the model of civil society to prostitutes (especially taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only attributes of women, in fact as a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
The elimination of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons in the world is a long-term objective of the United Nations.
Increased commitment to the provision of troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peacebuilding without the deployment of any military personnel.
China and India are basically on track, so the world is likely to meet by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have stepped up their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to demonize people by means of violence, to demonize their voices and to undermine free consent and freedom of expression, which are precisely the basis of all civilization.
It draws on the weaknesses and loopholes of the judicial order in our social and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global endeavour and is convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which was considered at the Committee's twelfth session; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/4 and Add.1-4, which was considered at the Committee's twenty-first meeting.
The law also provides that the Committee on Learning and Skills, in exercising its functions, should take fully into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as disabled persons and non-disabled persons.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the field of science and technology are: “The review of Lord Greenfield, a strategic review, which aims to identify priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the field of science and technology and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the field of engineering and technology.
The two members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union also served as Deputy President of the General Assembly, two of whom were women before the suspension of 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (article 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government has put forward a plan of action to address the low rate of rape reported and convictions.
This document provides a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to stop it, taking into account the observations made in the 1998 plan of action for consultations.
Where effective international and local contractors do not require the terms and conditions acceptable to the United Nations or management, or where the renegotiation of such contracts would be cost-effective, management may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
The tripartite process as set out in resolution 1483 (2003) has made real progress.
We believe that, irrespective of the level of progress in renegotiating, the deadline of 21 November should be adhered to in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other organizational matters
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common interest and commitment to all States Members of the United Nations.
This is meeting the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the time being, the consensus within the United Nations is to increase the number of non-permanent members elected, which we will support.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected as Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that an additional protocol is a very important supplementary instrument for further strengthening the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the development of these systems, the courts need considerable flexibility.
The first part of the budget has already indicated that the Court would need more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, and possibly a Trial Chamber to deal with the work to be performed by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• Propose specific factual assumptions regarding the responsibility of individual suspects with a focus on leadership level
Performance indicators
• Effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office planned to increase its second investigation team in June 2004 and its third in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation needs assistance to ensure regular access of field office staff to court networks.
By maintaining day-to-day liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the major United Nations Office and other international organizations, the Chief of Security Officers also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the International Criminal Court at an international level, to provide detailed explanations to target audiences and the general public on the principles, objectives and actions of the organization, using different approaches, based on the interactive strategy of the initiative; to create a sound working environment with a high level of knowledge; and to create an efficient public professional library and to provide documentation to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To bring to the attention of the receiving services any matter the Secretariat believes must require them to consider;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way to provide the Secretariat with resources.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and has authorized me to sign it this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations will implement Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development as a matter of priority.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action taken by internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to comment today on this issue.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Trade Organization, which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General has submitted his recommendations to that effect (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in promoting and implementing the right to development, including ensuring effective use of the financial and human resources required to carry out its mandate and better servicing and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Commission of the original sponsor explained the context and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls had completed their studies.
In addition, other actions have been taken by the Government and civil society:
- To change people's mindset, which continues to be derived from the persistence of patriarchal attitudes in the socio-cultural sphere, which slows women's progress.
As noted by some delegations, reimbursement for troop costs for 2002 was significantly higher than reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment, as troop-contributing countries could quickly and accurately calculate the number of troops deployed and more specific information was required for contingent-owned equipment.
Some of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee in the report that should be addressed directly by the representatives of the Fifth Committee and troop-contributing countries.
Therefore, the Republic of Croatia has officially assumed the obligation to integrate the provisions of the European Union into the whole legislation, which must be brought into line with the European Union's legislative standards for gender equality.
The Amendment to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in human beings, adopted in 2000 and 2003, is detailed in article 6 of this Report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we take into account other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is higher, with an estimated 350,000 in 1998 and 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services at the Reproductive Health Clinic in Zagreb, which continued its activities until the end of 2003, is entitled “Health Education for Youth for the Protection of Reproductive Health and Overall Health”, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly opposed the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was noted that the distinction made on the basis of whether the goods were unloaded from their initial means of transport seemed somewhat obsolete.
An alternative proposal was made that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the Secretary-General's report was submitted in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property in Iraq.
Iraq is urged to return the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to find their remains and to return their families.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to ascertain the fate of the Sikhs will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The President noted that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC success in its further work to strengthen the national counter-terrorism coalition.
The means of promoting the global market itself — improved communication, better media use, better transportation connectivity and faster international travel — have contributed to the development of the global terrorist network — a network that has generated common hate messages that seeks to achieve common goals of killing and wanton destruction and to defeat the culture of morality, and thus control civil society, especially based on pluralistic democracy.
“Terrorism is a symptom of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts had been delayed in the past owing to budgetary constraints; it was not possible to continue to be postponed, and UNDP had a considerable impact on the presence of well-qualified and capable staff in those posts.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
Organizational reform has also been introduced at the Division level, where the Statistics and Tools Section has been merged into a Section with the Global Urban Observatory, using the latter's name, within the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly the Urban Secretariat).
Monitoring functions have been expanded to include urban inequality monitoring programmes, in addition to existing urban indicators and geographic information systems.
The themes of capacity development will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
In 2007, PeopleSoft escalated, perhaps introducing new features.
What challenges are:
Since national committees typically use contributions from other resources as a basis for fund-raising for regular resources, this will make it possible to increase fund-raising capacity for regular resources and other resources.
Given the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance for preparatory work, activities with a multiplier effect and activities that could play a major role in the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexican Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, coordinates various programmes, including immigration education programmes for Mexican children, youth and adults.
The measures taken by the Government of the Philippines in this regard demonstrate the failure to effectively protect the rights and dignity of women migrant workers from illegal practices related to very lucrative sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trends in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is providing support with a view to building basic knowledge on the causes and consequences that affect women in the current migration process so as to enable informed decision-making.
The management and documentation of the major conferences constitute the “centres and fundamental aspects of the daily operation of the most inclusive multilateral agencies in the world” (see A/57/387, para.
On the basis of consultations with the author departments, the Department worked to find a consolidated methodology and, on that basis, prepared a pre-session submission schedule for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integration of women's human rights and gender equity
The table below provides advice to the North-East High Seas Commission (ICAC) on the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, which, for example, may be the case for the advice of the Forum Fisheries Agency for the Western Fish Commission.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
69 See, for example, decision II-10 of the Conference of the Parties (the Jakarta mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwater connected with surface waters may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Law of Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in demand reduction, in accordance with the international drug control system, for drug trafficking and illicit use and related consequences,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner because “the material was sent and issued only on 4 July 1990” and that “the letter of credit was opened on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arabian Cherifron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “temporary subsistence allowance for family members”, which relates to compensation for employees who were working in Saudi Arabia during the period covered by the claim to compensate them for the necessary costs of maintaining their residence on both sides.
Following the signing of its first catalytic supply agreement with Chevron Research and KNPC prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, KNPC continued to address its catalytic needs through Chevron Research, following the signing of its first catalytic supply agreement with Chevron Research in 1975; KNPC, since the installation of these devices, has been the full catalyst for the purchase of each of the devices; and the hydrogen destruction technology used by these devices is Cherifron.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, its annual ship and mechanical insurance premiums amounted to $2,762,640, calculated at the rate of 0.003 per cent of the amount of USD 10 million in respect of each ship's value (Chevron U.S. due).
The case concerned the International Foundation for Charity (Benefence International Foundation), which is based in Chicago and organized on the Committee's list.
This document is submitted in response to the above-mentioned request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to refrain from the first use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or States that have not aligned with the nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command structures, including a political council, as the only body to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
Since my tenure as High Commissioner, I have emphasized this in particular in the project profile.
Indeed, in many national examples, there are no cases where poor countries are faster than the rich countries, or “merged” to rich countries, or where they are “shaping the gap” in per capita income.
The Court must, in accordance with its mandate, review the conformity of its applicable legal provisions with the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) Reduction of the time required for the planning, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the mandate of the Security Council;
Consultants are requested for the provision of professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspections to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media on climate change “is considered very general” (France), “the media did not specify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the role of the media in disseminating ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must be aware and aware of those problems and must also know what needs to be done to address the problem and what they can play in this process.
The media are involved.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10) and long-term action.
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated wastewater discharges into vulnerable wetlands may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education is included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The near unanimous view of the latter was that there were no individual rights without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only, but also that if those responsibilities were defined in an appropriate manner in the international framework and at the domestic level, there were a variety of and important benefits available to both rulers and rulers.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “ declare a risk” (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We are equally angry at the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and the Middle East Jerusalem region.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we wish to reiterate our grave concern at the massive loss of life, material loss and unprecedented destruction caused by the ongoing violence and excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
He did not believe: “You do not have anything, not you?” — “I have one”?
One of his expertise, that is, one of the expertise of the training camp, was used for drug agents.
The scope of activities in Zachava is not limited to this small part of the north-eastern part of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take an important decision to take the decisions that the world is looking forward with a greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the manner in which children are employed, which is harmful to their health and development, prevents them from attending school or from meeting school-related responsibilities, or inconsistent with human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on the minimum age and recommendation 146, Convention No. 182 on the worst forms of child labour and recommendation 190 on the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers the compensation they can ensure an adequate standard of living for their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez Garcia-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar Garcia, Eusterio Pérrez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Javier Iulia, Bacn.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavares
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Najaj, introduced the members of the extended bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (the African Group was unable to attend).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the accuracy of press releases.
President: Shi Jiuyong
The Computerization Division, comprising one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the Court.
Accordingly, Mexico requested the Court to decide and declare:
At present, only the issuance of the documents accompanying the pleadings and the correspondence documents is only subject to the understanding of the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds have entered the banking system, even if funds are deposited in the bank for the sole purpose of obtaining money, it is likely to be discovered if funds are diverted for illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general standards, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed streamlined job classification system and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report to the General Assembly on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, which had been decided at the fifty-sixth session.
This partnership calls for mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries and support from developed countries, particularly through aid, trade and debt relief.
All claimants in the twenty-sixth instalment worked in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The twenty-sixth instalment claims were verified and valued in accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211-215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering that extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disaster reduction must be addressed in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the General Assembly of World Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of India, jointly organized by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gandhi Memorial in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 urges all States to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and their families,
The people of Estonia and myself, together with all the representatives present here, deeply mourning the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello and others, who were tragically murdered.
Estonia is party to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of damaged goods.
In addition to the Organization of the United Nations and the International Organization of Government, ACI has cooperated with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IAA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Coordinating Council of the International Association of Air Owners and Drivers (IAOP), the International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations (IF).
English and French are the language of their work, but in some forums, including meetings, other languages, such as Spanish.
The first lender, which is the pre-insolvency lender or the seller of the goods, has a continuing relationship with the debtor and its operations and may advance new or provide trade credit to enhance the possibility of recovering its existing claims, perhaps by raising the interest rate of the new loan.
Some laws adopt a default rule whereby the insolvency representative does not act within the specified time period would lead to the contract being considered as being rejected or enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be individuals, or in some jurisdictions, corporations or other separate legal entities.
(x) Any other matter that may be entrusted by creditors to the insolvency representative or determined by the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor presiding over the work;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are taken, requests for delay in access to the law may be suspended in other laws to prevent or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons.
The failure of creditors to submit claims prior to final reports and accounts may result in different results depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
If the claim made in the proceedings is the subject of consideration outside the insolvency proceedings, such claims are normally attributable to a category of claims that may be provisionally recognized in the insolvency proceeding on the basis of the nature of the claim and prior to the settlement of the dispute (subject to the stay measures - see chapter B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor consultants or insolvency representatives.
Priority claims
The approach taken in many insolvency laws generally requires the insolvency representative to convene a meeting of creditors and to present the accounts after the asset is realised and distributed.
The threat of a non-conventional attack is also a normal aspect of Israel's daily life.
We have not seen Israel taking any practical steps towards that goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I agree with the other members of the Conference that we all pledge to resolve the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to worship or assemble in accordance with religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall direction of programme 7 and the narrative part of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on the rights of the child, the General Assembly continued to emphasize the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes concerning children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two statements were distributed informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999, the North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme a feasibility review of the first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana.
The arbitrary invocation of exceptions by States in bilateral dispute settlement could undermine the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the exercise of diplomatic protection against corporations.
Thirdly, after the orderly categorization of State practice, it should be possible to determine the grounds for unilateral actions or acts by States; the criteria for the express or implicit commitment of States, in particular, but not limited to those relating to the competence of organs which should act or act; and the circumstances and conditions for unilateral commitments could be revised or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
Currently, a project is being implemented with the support of Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovation.
A growing number of new Rotarys have been established worldwide, with the fastest-growing regions of Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Britain, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of durable solutions to refugee problems.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will host an opening exhibit on the family, on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. near the Vienna Coffee Office at the basement of the General Assembly.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and note the significant progress achieved in improving the effectiveness of technical cooperation programmes.
The plan of action emanating from the conference will help build confidence and ensure the continuation of good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the action plan against nuclear terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, IAEA staff work every day in these areas and many others in order to make our world better and safer.
Natural persons have no place of business, subject to their habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of an electronic signature after signature may be detectable; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in formulating the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was felt that such a definition was not the text of the instrument, but rather the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be conducted in two phases.
6.8.5.4.5 In the case of the need to maintain dangerous goods, the requirement of 6.8.3.1.3.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and determine their interdependent relationship in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reiterating the need to strengthen the role of the scientific and technological activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, in particular on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, to the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council on the same day for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Agenda item 95 - Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development - Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 - International Decade for Action 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicated that young girls were given the space they needed to achieve their own.
As a result of the cancellation of the scheduled meeting of the First Main Committee of the General Assembly, held on 27 October, the proposed Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be met from available conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the Human Rights Development Report 2003 makes it clear that if the situation fails to improve rapidly, sub-Saharan Africa will have to meet the goal of universal primary education at 2129, to reduce extreme poverty by half and 216 years.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real risk to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's renaissance.
Developing country producers must overcome a number of obstacles to use these incremental markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and the wounding of some forty-seven others.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant found himself in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly arose prior to the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), but continued after its entry into force, since the relevant deprivation was `life'”.
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights have often found violations of more than one provision and subsequently recommended a package of measures that could be classified according to the above.
In response to the State party's objection to admissibility, on the grounds that the action complained of was not performed by the State party but by the Commercial Insurance Commission, which could not be affected by the State party, the Human Rights Committee considered that the obligation of the State party to assign a part of its functions to other autonomous bodies in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights continued.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also dealt with the alleged existence of discrimination in the lending market, the use of humiliating languages by individuals, and access to public places or to public services.
Communication No. 172/1984, Brooks v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, Human Rights Committee communication No. 505/1992; Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Kamler v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, sect.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The graduates of vocational schools are trained at university level to become teachers and to send the managers of cooperatives to study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, by a decision of the Board of Auditors, Radio Bombolom was reactivated, the first case that the Tribunal had over several years reversed the decision of the Administration.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on many fronts and clearly demonstrate the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen the system.
Under this joint programme, it has been agreed to provide $10 million in contributions and $500 million in quick credit, from which it is expected to demonstrate complementarity between capacity-building and lending operations and between the United Nations and development finance agencies.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McCafari, presented a detailed study on the topic.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, the island no longer has a central administration, both de jure and de facto, sufficient to represent the whole of Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leadership has repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be addressed through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability, the restoration of basic services and infrastructure, the promotion of human rights and local capacity-building, and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive evolution was confirmed in 2001, with a growth of 1.9 per cent in the year and the outlook figure for 2002 also changed in this direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 717/83, which punishes the wilful financing of terrorism of another different kind: “For the purpose of fighting, illegal military organizations are recruited, joined or supported, irrespective of the form, armed or unarmed, in uniform or uncompromised”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, some 300 km of fence has been built to prevent Palestinian terrorists from infiltrating into Israeli population centres to kill civilians.
Germany regrets the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
The wall has trenches, roads and fences that are extended parallel to it.
The European Union maintains close ties with the parties concerned and is ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to halt such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably expect the data message to be sent to the specific information system. ]
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there appears to be no measures to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Deeply concerned about the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of countless innocent people and its destabilizing impact on the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The Monterrey Consensus - Implementation and Future Mandate”.
Draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 was unbalanced by its transparency measures only for conventional weapons and the exclusion of weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had stressed the importance of national, regional and international policies and the need to coordinate the activities of the organizations and agencies, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, that were responsible for financing for development.
March 2003
The diamond mine inspection advisers, cross-border inspectors and airport inspectors are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
In particular, the plight of children can make them a nightmare, bed, dysentery and sleeping.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 be combined with the discussions on special priority rights and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the review, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need to achieve greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the related internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the extension of British citizenship to citizens in overseas territories, while requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, especially on human rights and financial services regulation, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 5 million on road construction, mostly financed by the Bank of Anguilla and the Caribbean Commercial Bank.
In the above-mentioned resolutions, the General Assembly called upon all States, the specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase the special allocation of grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; requested the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to assist Palestine refugee students in higher education within their respective mandates; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustee for such special grants and scholarships and to send them to eligible Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on a more small number of issues and avoid the fragmentation of resources on issues of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Sanctions Working Group and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) The internal stabilization system
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, as mass exoduses typically occur in crisis and conflict situations where national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented copies of a invoice from Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipt from the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
Noting the fact that the Chairman did not apply the earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure, he expressed the hope that his delegation's understanding of the rule would remain the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and earlier by the Chairman.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance to support UNMIK police activities.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the session in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide, within existing resources, the necessary resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the International Meeting to Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including small island developing States information networks, with a view to encouraging donor contributions and supporting the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia in accordance with the Charter of the three States of Aden will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to jointly implement the declarations that we have adopted in all of us — which have faded much of hope in the hearts and minds of our extremely poor peoples.
We urgently need to refocus our economic efforts with new foreign direct investment, ODA transfers, technology transfer and greater cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally sad to learn that Ms. Agira Hashem, member of the Iraqi Governing Council, died as a result of the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have shown that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in dealing with identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean Món and Robert Schuman has led to the establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community, which has subsequently expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration body today known as the European Union.
High pressure and accompanying behaviour continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Choice of application or choice
Some support was expressed for that suggestion.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be accessed through the National Statistics Institute web site (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also on these subjects, we are evaluating the evidence gathered so far for each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran agreed with the analysis made by the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations for strengthening support for South-South cooperation and raising public awareness about South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has had numerous communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, similar institutions exist in Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the draft text of the revised Cancun Ministerial Declaration (Job (03)/150/Rev.2) was submitted to the Conference on the basis of which WTO members continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not fully reflect their interests and concerns.
A major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. For those who use the use of force, threaten the use of force or use other hijacked aircraft or vessels, a sentence of 7 to 15 years' imprisonment is imposed.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that it had become one of the co-sponsors of the Danish and United States proposals on such mines.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, yet the Unit will need considerable additional resources to meet our commitment to the rule of law.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased significantly and the nature of armed conflicts has changed considerably.
It is hoped that consultations will be as broad as possible not only within the United Nations system, but also within the relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, following a proposal by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The FIU has signed agreements and memoranda of understanding to exchange information with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama on the investigation of financial networks.
• List of notes and articles by importing companies;
Also in December, the experts of the Council of Europe held preliminary discussions with local leaders at UNMIK and at the central and municipal levels, starting the process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Working Group established to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review progress in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed that national reports for the next session of the Subcommittee could focus on new mechanisms and initiatives implemented by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enabled Sweden to obtain full data from Earth observation satellites in all parts of Europe from direct access to the format.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will participate actively and effectively in ensuring that the final outcome of the Conference is acceptable to all countries, both in its form and content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine clearance techniques were held at the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) and an annex to the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared on the basis of the results of the two seminars.
6.7 International Testing and Evaluation Programme: This is an international programme that will assist participating countries in their collaborative efforts to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating various humanitarian demining equipment, systems and instruments.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the present resolution and to explore any possibility of full and effective fulfilment of his mandate in the mediation process;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system; there will be no alternative to truly moving towards a non-discriminatory open system.
Finding solutions requires the actual trading economy of a particular country and assessing its identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the CST Expert Group, to select three to four representative case studies from reports received by Parties to be submitted by Parties to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly have regularly used this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated the amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, the increase in the salaries of local staff from 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 for overtime to local staff travelling to and from Damascus and Faouar battalions per day was taken into account.
Each year's federal budget has an allocation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such safety as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunity has already implemented a number of procedures to be followed by promoters.
(2) Provide or demonstrate skills or know-how for terrorist organizations, their instructions or their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the phrase “provided by law” might give the impression that reference was made to other laws, whereas the term “legal” meant a clear reference to laws relating to concession contracts.
The daily conflict ultimately affected civilians, causing socio-economic paralysis and worsening by the embargo.
That is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two States within secure recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the serious threats posed by those regimes, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illicit nuclear weapons programme, hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are not well known to all delegates and the entire world.
According to UNOMIG's assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to touch on some of the work of the IAEA that the international community has focused on.
I usually hear the donor countries, and I do not know what the donor's antiquities are.
He spoke eloquently, honestly and frankly about the sinking and change faced by commodity-dependent countries.
The above Guidelines are intended to provide a normative, consistent risk evaluation framework that will enable the Government to respond to threats change by the degree of vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive mariculture itself becomes a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that special efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts of human activities that are not damaged, degraded, contaminated and threatened the health and viability of fisheries resources.
Control of vessels by flag States must be strengthened.
See also the consolidated information material published by the Energy and Transport Division of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be mandated to clarify the issue in advance.
The Committee recommends that the regional follow-up to ESCAP should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish networks for exchange of information and exchange of policy and experience; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The secretariat updates the country database annually on the basis of three criteria used in the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and integrate it in the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “Institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII thereof, “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, namely, the adoption of objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for African development.
Concern was expressed about the proposal to halt some outputs resulting from the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where duplication could occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other parts, agencies and specialized agencies of the United Nations and to ensure coherence in its policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following: “(c) Supporting the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, while focusing on the thematic cluster of topics in the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, including through strengthening the knowledge base for sustainable development; developing technology transfer, making more effective use of national and regional reports and other information materials on progress in the implementation of sustainable development; and using contemporary methodologies”.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be overly demanding and should be treated with caution.
In addition to the de jure non-recognition of the Roma in the countries of the Americas (except Colombia), social discrimination against the Roma population has been reported in many places and frequent police abuses against the Roma population in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal composed of minority members.
However, it was difficult to develop international standards that would appropriately integrate two measures without imposing restrictions on some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including its work on strengthening regional networks of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reaffirms the approval of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action, and recommended areas to be given priority by the entire international community for the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are mutually exclusive and mutually reinforcing and can contribute to the justice and reconciliation of Rwanda.
This record is equally important with the obligation to exercise legal and administrative justice.
Under the current legislation, representatives of the ICTY have the right to follow suit and to have access to the Tribunal's archives, while evidence obtained by the ICTY can also be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to act on the question of Iraq and has failed to stop the bloodshed there and the United Nations has failed to resolve the deteriorating crisis in the Middle East for half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations forced us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
It was queried how can we support preventive efforts in such places?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach needs to expand the functions and processes that must be taken into account in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit, in accordance with the modalities for participation established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The Commission had previously considered the question of the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the form of judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and judicial opinion.
According to the doctrine of the right to a remedy, the injured alien only needs to exhaust the remedies derived from the right and which may lead to a binding decision.
The topic is also discussed in C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to leave the tickets currently used for attendance at the Assembly and not to be used for delegations from least developed countries to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the principle of precedence;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the ways in which concession companies might have access to land tenure through research into the legislation of many countries.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment claims to the Panel, the Commission secretariat undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
While a number of claimants had received replies, no response was consistent with those criteria.
Contributing to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The review was mandated by the General Assembly, and the approach taken by OIOS to the mandate focused on a number of administrative areas where the Organization's production could be improved with simplification.
The CEE States reaffirmed their commitment to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The bill deals with the following matters:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council made other tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group could contribute to raising awareness of the problem of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Panel.
Unless a regional solution is found, none of the above recommendations can be implemented over time.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the family-related provisions of the United Nations summits and conferences of the 1990s and their follow-up processes continue to provide policy guidance on how to strengthen family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of an integrated comprehensive approach to development,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), noted that the late issuance of those reports and the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations remained of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances from the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee that the status of the advances made to the Humanitarian Coordination Bureau in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide the Committee with such information as are available and similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide reasons, quantities and dates of unravelling or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators) are not authorized to carry out any kind of financial activity.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a systematic and long-term policy known to the occupying Power and its subordinate local administration, that is, to deny those Turkish Cypriots who claim to support the reunification of Cyprus and make it a member of the European Union.
On a different scale, the “biological trade” is also designed to integrate the environmental and social aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) integrating, to the extent possible, potential new areas of knowledge related to the subject of development to capacity development; and (b) flexibility in designing actions to adapt to new or new models where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The mandate given by the Doha Conference meant that the international community was working together to adjust the direction of WTO to achieve development.
The General Assembly should take an active part in the decision-making process for a Member State and follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and impede the pace of economic and social development of the affected countries.
The Committee enquired as to the lack of baseline data for measuring performance in three bienniums and why there were no outputs to be terminated.
Several factors have contributed to this change.
(t) “Private person” means any employee, operator, manager or official of an entity, organization, enterprise or private legal person other than the unit in which the official functions;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of their legal systems:
(c) For the purposes of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may provide assistance, where it deems appropriate, within its discretion, irrespective of whether the act constitutes an offence under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject matter and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings requested and the name and functions of the department conducting the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceedings;
States Parties shall [implement] [adopt] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions conducted during an appropriate period.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that it was also important to ensure that the system designed by the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and avoid unnecessary duplication.
The increase in emissions in all sectors during the period 2000-2010 (in line with the “measures” scenario) is forecast in the figure, with the exception of waste management.
Note: A description of the national code is available in the annex.
These rates include remuneration and office costs of lawyers.
One of the last three of the full payment that had been retained could be used to cover the increased instalments of months if the trial period had been extended to the earlier scheduled time.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization identified as terrorism is cleared, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 countries have expressed their support for the joint statement.
Under article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Forest-related definitions
The process of preparation of the present report shows that while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad, owing to better practical and cost-effectiveness, the majority of those engaged in cooperative practices are not guided by institutional policies.
Many Governments have abandoned the concept of a directive that prevailed in Buenos Aires during the period.
Both African LDCs indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources were major obstacles to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
The UNDP network of field staff has been expanded and is working with major partners to utilize those resources to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
To successfully counter terrorism, work needs to be focused on the following three main counter-terrorism activities: first, denying terrorists access to terrorist activities (e.g. preventing the financing of terrorist activities, the suppression of fraudulent documents, and the non-provision of weapons, etc.); secondly, denying safe haven to terrorists (e.g. expediting the conclusion of counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying entry to terrorists and strengthening law enforcement agencies, etc.).
The development dimension must be an integral part of IIAs to support national policies in attracting more foreign direct investment and benefiting more from it.
NGOs organized a national photo exhibition to improve women's image and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the current situation of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would like to know about literacy training and the retention of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancies.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is inconsistent with the road map, since it makes it more difficult to create a viable and contiguous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first and second part)
The short-lived Industries in Jordan, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, with reference to the Secretary-General's notes of 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations of the nomination of Mr. Peter Love, Acting Controller of the British Court Office, as member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome.
Resident partner, Lilongwekol Lebed International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and to enhance international cooperation and technical assistance to that end;
For example, three countries with the highest level of openness to the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack sufficient funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Former Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the wording now in articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off should be permitted to determine the net exposure to risk, irrespective of whether the termination of the contracts occurred prior to commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in some preliminary investigation reports made by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular mapping and forensic reports, in which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Development of administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the internal justice system, including prompt action, where necessary, to address staff complaints;
The Commission considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action, on ensuring respect for human rights, as an important element in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the Implementation of the ECOWAS Moratorium on Small Arms and Light Weapons referred to in the preamble to the present resolution, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above and all the activities taken to implement the present resolution;
Joint UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP meetings
A number of country teams participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the HIV/AIDS debate and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals debate.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman held several consultations and several meetings during 2003.
The Panel has not been able to establish any direct link between these requests and what is happening in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals could violate the ban because they had multinational nationality or residence permits in other countries.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to provide recommendations for the consideration of the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session on how to resolve the problem of the arrears owed to Member States by closed peacekeeping missions with net cash deficits;
Noting with satisfaction that, on the basis of inputs from the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals (IOMC), the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a draft has been consolidated, and that, after its consideration of the draft, it is possible to reach consensus on a globally harmonized system,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support this effort.
More must be done to identify which terrorist acts are the result of fanaticism or criminal intent that is irresistible and which are the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also among the victims of terrorism.
Such principles are of greater significance when the world is at greater risk.
How do we do that?
However, there are some problems that cannot draw the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security, which you can also correct, is vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna noted several minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth discharge of the President's responsibilities and is of the utmost importance to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of the land law; the inadequacy of forestry and agricultural concessions to effectively guarantee the poor; the compensation of some displaced persons as a result of road construction projects; and the displacement of street children and the poor.
This fact, combined with the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the shift from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to prison terms (18 May 1995).
The above-mentioned acts have resulted in the death of a person or other significant consequences and are punishable by 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The acts described above shall be:
A/58/7/Add.13; see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What did the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) told us?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the unanimous adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process — can some progress be made, but it is still far from “conditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from a legal standpoint?
The third type of disease - seriously neglected diseases - has access to very few research and development in rich countries, and there is essentially no commercial basis for research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Dissemination and dissemination of the use of the Counter-Terrorism Committee's centralized Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resource Directory.
Main findings
A detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
A question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with the existing practice of using certain types of transport documents, such as the “recourse” bill of lading and the “built” bill of lading.
A general comment was made on the repeated use of the terms “document or electronic record” by the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument, in order to emphasize the distinction between transport documents and electronic records rather than focusing on the content of the documents as intended by the Working Group's mandate.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to sub-paragraph 12.2.2 and a provision of 12.2.1, requiring that the text of the draft article specify the liability of the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions, such as those that were not specifically identified for the calculation of compensation (see paras. 258 and 264-267, respectively).
I should like to remind permanent and observer delegations that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 a.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and reopened for authorized vehicles at 4 a.m. on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and highlight the need to coordinate the efforts of international agencies operating in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with ICAO on further methodologies for improving the quality of data reporting and to support the work of experts to review Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is requested to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities have requested that all air traffic take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the reporting of livestock disease systems and livestock vaccinations;
The Department of Public Information's brochure entitled “The United Nations and decolonization”, prepared by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs in 2001, responded to numerous inquiries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, focusing on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the assistance available to the Territory.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the Department of Public Information's press release on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had also been broadcast by the local television on the basis of the parliamentary debate.
According to this provision in Swiss law, there is a full reason to freeze the assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act changes, the EVA system will be modified immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant resolutions of the United Nations is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 56/253 and 57/292 on the further strengthening of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the recommendation to strengthen the regular budget component of the Office will be contained in section 29 G, Administration, Nairobi, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, speeches: exhibits and graphs, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of Monterrey as a whole depends essentially on the assumption of a larger vision of global partnership.
At present, we must work to reflect the spirit of partnership between the poor and rich nations that we have seen in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility, undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international business voucher documents, international trade to the stability of the State.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law could also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred by the regime governing arbitral proceedings.
The Internet and computer technology not only increased the use of traditional crime (e.g. identity theft, theft of intellectual property rights, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also increased threats to business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communication).
• Ensuring free access to outer space through measures that are equally applicable to all parties while avoiding the release of debris to the maximum extent possible;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are at the root of despair and a cause of new conflicts, that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without redressing the growing international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should work as a matter of priority towards the conclusion of a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on the provision of security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States until nuclear weapons had not been fully eliminated.
The Heads of State or Government were totally opposed to the use of those issues as a basis and pretext for limiting the market access of developing countries, or limiting assistance and technology to developing countries or linking them to multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also taken similar measures against the company of stock brokering.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
For this purpose, an independent court or tribunal should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees should be provided to the minority whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Approximately $6.5 million will be used for civilian staff training, and approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all Thai commercial banks and financial institutions follow the guidelines contained in the circular and report their actions to the Bank of Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is a crucial component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) Campaigns, with the involvement of the media and eminent persons, to serve as a model for men's roles and to increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
40 Ibid.
UNFPA contributed to the development of a national population policy and to updating census data, which were essential for a better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
In the World Bank, the Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Head of the African Regional Bureau; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator, and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, President of the World Bank Mission in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations 1970;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Group also expressed its support for that and it had contributed to the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meeting for the first session of the CRIC
For the first time, the implementation of the UNCCD was discussed between all affected European Parties.
In conjunction with the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, with the aim of producing an analysis of the findings of the questionnaire on the needs and proposals of each of the countries in Annex IV for regional cooperation and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted Ambassador Amorim's proposal to address outstanding arms reductions within the framework of an enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive overview of the report and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor and a prerequisite for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI), for an initial period of six months, with a mandate to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and, in accordance with option (b) proposed in the report of the Secretary-General, to include a military component in the Mission in conjunction with the actions of the French and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), parties to a conflict that recruit or use children in violation of their international obligations to which they apply are requested to cease immediately their recruitment or use;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, in his letter to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, read out at this meeting on 21 January, has given us great encouragement to our initiative, as we move to put it officially into place.
“In reading the report of the annual session 2001, I have a paradoxical sentiment.
Children continue to be the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from the RUF to allow for humanitarian access and the release of abducted children and child soldiers, while the Civil Defence Force also made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize child soldiers.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “era of application” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraqi territory, difficult times have passed.
For its part, Japan will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils its primary responsibility as entrusted to it so as to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not a problem for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of decision 9, the Governing Council determined that the claimant who had filed a claim with the Commission was responsible for taking reasonable steps to mitigate the loss and that “the total amount of the compensable loss would be deducted from the loss that could reasonably be avoided”.
At the broader level, significant progress has also been made in strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements system for military, civilian police and civilian personnel and in the procurement and management of the strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, since poor families often do not have equal access to education, or in some cases have no opportunities.
If migrants do not meet time requirements, social welfare requirements may jeopardize the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Migration to cities has eroded the intergenerational support of indigenous peoples for many years and has cut off from traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, older persons with physical impairments are considered to be particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them have quickly broken their families together with their families after leaving the labour market, thereby losing physical support.
Such a legal framework often does not protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples because they emphasize common ownership of their full resources.
The inconsistency between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Considering that:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of claim preparation costs at a later date.
In one claim, the claim is for the amount of the goods shipped to Iraq pursuant to a contract of sale with agents in a third country.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1(1.1) report, paras.
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you, for information, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Appointment by the Organization of American States of technical experts to assist in the delimitation of the El Salvador-Honduras border” (see annex).
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and female-headed households, in obtaining adequate housing, which constituted a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/weshm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development that balance South-North interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and developing national trade policies.
The specific implementation of the above-mentioned provisions would, in each specific case, look at the complexity and details of the request, and if the established time frame could not be met, it would be agreed with the requesting party to deal with the schedule.
The largest trading partner of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall poses serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built, while existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cambachim Mergen (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that it joined the consensus on draft resolution A/58/L.39 on strengthening the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but that my country is in favour of using the concepts of operative paragraph 12 such as the “culture of protection”, which we have not adequately discussed in the framework of the work of the Organization, which might distort the principles enshrined in General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991 as well.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 include its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6(45) provides a breakdown of income of $13.2 million.
But the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the end of the ABM Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of acts of terrorism committed by extremist groups or individuals, irrespective of their magnitude, the powerful should not exercise their inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally waging unpredictable wars with a global nature, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
The most important question of defining the content of this law can only be counterproductive.
In recent national elections, a government-funded campaign encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the national poverty reduction strategy paper was a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goal report.
Since the country had participated in the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission project, the legal adviser of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) had been assisted in the preparation of the new draft legislation.
Within this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded after-service health insurance reserve.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment reports and a summary of the incomplete reports, the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being conducted in the fields of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
Measures to address law enforcement at the South Pacific Forum level are already in place in the region.
The objective should be to build a management mechanism with the exploration activities and with a better understanding of the resources involved and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
During the period since May 2002 of the preliminary report, progress made in the follow-up to the special session on children has been made in a comprehensive and regional context; highlights actions already taken in the four main areas; and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also written a statement to Governments, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, and the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms,
IRSG International Rubber Research Group TDB II
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling further General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the appalling terrorist acts of 11 September 2001, in the latter resolution, as well as the appalling acts of terrorism that took place in Bari and Moscow and the urgent appeals of the Security Council to prevent and eradicate terrorism, and Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the attack in Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
It was decided that the items proposed in the Secretary-General's memorandum for consideration by the Fifth Committee would be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnologies can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It would be meaningless to expect the fiscal sovereignty of the Cayman Islands to be resolved during both visits.
To involve all nuclear-weapon States as soon as possible in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves to become actors in a systematic manner and to participate in planning and decision-making at all stages.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement in the framework of additional documents to the Convention, as well as the collaborative work programme with countries that have volunteered to promote “special agreements”.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who are reasonably considered to constitute a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for the commission of a particularly serious crime.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that the education of their children is in the interest of:
At that time, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in many parts of the world, in the territories of the former Soviet Union, in Asia, Africa and Central America and in several regions of South America.
S-19/2 Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on integrated primary health care and referral systems.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health care.
At the policy level, for example, there were only 4.02 per cent of senior women executives (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (table 5).
In the lower secondary school (11 to 13 years), the net enrolment rate of girls has dropped to 26.2 per cent, to 36.5 per cent for boys and to indicate that more than two thirds of children in the age group have been denied access to education.
Mainstreaming Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with Reproductive Reference to Promotion and Enterprise in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Regrettably, after decades of occupation, bloody conflict and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel was still unaware that the path of peace depended on the implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, all of which were still missing by Israel for flouting international law.
We will not re-orient our policies because of threats.
The efforts of the United Nations aimed at the stabilization, democratization and reconstruction of Iraq have received our full support, and I commend United Nations staff for their courageous and selfless work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through the objective and reasonable implementation of a programme, not through artillery or aeroplanes, or by the mobilization of large armies to destroy hate regimes.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Board called on all member States of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184), which clearly warning us that, despite the measures taken so far by States, those measures remain insufficient to prevent the negative effects of the epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
Progress report of the Voorburg Group on Services Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper) are also being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative is a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In a written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi referred to Burundi's inability to pay its arrears to the United Nations as a result of the terrible socio-economic situation that had arisen since 1993.
In its written and oral representations, the Central African Republic indicated that its serious economic and social problems were due in part to earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution will not add a new budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to mobilizing resources for TCDC and ECDC (including from developing country Governments, donors and other sources under triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Development of effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthening child-related government institutions, including, where appropriate, the appointment of ministers responsible for children and independent commissioners for the promotion of the rights of the child;
A/58/282.
It was said that it would help to avoid a problem that had become more apparent as a result of e-commerce without losing an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the proposal on the wording of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
Today, civil society and the private sector fully support NEPAD, which brings additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to NEPAD values and practices.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as projects to link and enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC has increased its emphasis on programme performance and will ensure that the Organization moves in the right direction and strengthen the oversight role of member States in this area.
We have not seen progress, and it is a departure from a peaceful settlement and a reversal of the negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each word of the plan is determined after a number of additions, careful consideration and full-scale trade-offs.
This will give the site a new predictable and unrestricted business environment that has had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Islands Weekly magazine, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people and Government of Côte d'Ivoire to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work for peace and peace in the world and in Africa, and to make every effort to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and to provide its individuals and the support of the Organization.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols on terrorism is in its final stage.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 384
Noting that, despite the progress made, difficulties remain in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, to submit a complete report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in the addendum all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold another consultation for all Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in order to complete the finalization of the “Basic principles and guidelines on the right to reparation for victims of gross violations of human rights and international humanitarian law”, and to consider, where appropriate, the basis for submission, the report of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the first consultation with the independent expert, Mr.
Takes note with satisfaction of the progress achieved in the construction of a democratic society in many countries of the world, which has improved the realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to organize a seminar with the United Nations Development Programme before the sixty-first session of the Commission, at the request of the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, on practical methods and activities for the effective strengthening of good governance practices for the promotion of human rights at the country level, to review and enrich the information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in achieving sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development for all;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing satisfaction at the fact that the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite the difficulties they face, have relative peace and stability and have access to basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations caused by the circulation and misuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/18, 2003/19, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/28, 2003/29, 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 233
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 30
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and to achieve the beneficial development of the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
The pre-deployment medical costs paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted five years later by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects considerable savings to occur during the current period.
This, however, remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community at the Johannesburg World Summit identified a comprehensive topic of sustainability, and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has shown a new and dynamic direction for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of the regional seas programmes, within the existing resources;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in funding and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries so as to complement the efforts of their Governments towards the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of those peoples,
Further recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights by all persons and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the globalization process;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission on the activities performed under his mandate and a interim report to the General Assembly;
Explanatory note: DESA: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; RC: regional commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, referred to in paragraph 15 of the 2000 Final Document, paragraph 12, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance the transparency of the NPT regime as a whole.
With regard to the Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had the responsibility to continue to service them until their situation was resolved.
Replace - “5.5.6” with “5.5.0”
The Supreme War Commission held its session in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003 and acquitted the six persons, in addition to the maintenance of life imprisonment for one accused and the six-month stay for another accused.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with an increasing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandates and OHCHR field office staff to improve the flow of information related to disappearances using their unique status on the ground.
During the reporting period, the Secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send reminders regarding the 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
It was alleged that the disappearance was linked to the extensive powers granted to the security forces under the emergency legislation, in particular the Acts of Terror and Disruptions and the Public Security Act, which permitted preventive and long-term detention without many other normal guarantees under criminal law.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to find the best course of action to address the issues that you have raised.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members have resources to implement the recommendations and to focus on data development to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to provide ESCAP with adequate extrabudgetary resources for operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meeting to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The same applies to inheritance, marriage and donations.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as affirmed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations as States parties to human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the European Social Charter (revised 1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol to the Charter in November 2000 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the area of public and rural agriculture.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, genuine partnership with Governments will not be possible to advance the goals of education.
Any action taken within the State party's jurisdiction should not deprive another State of its ability to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, the Committee adopted in 1998 its general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (see annex for your information), which should serve as a frame of reference for the adoption of the International Code of Conduct on the Human Rights of Adequate Food.
Many of them have established linkages between human rights and development, including those on education, food, housing, health, environmental protection rights and wider issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights film campaign was completed to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Organization of a symposium at the International Training Division in Detop, New York.
Proposal submitted by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal submitted by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that those responsible for violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that children were at the core of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to reduce and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies and relevant regional organizations and organizations and non-governmental organizations, and to contribute, upon request, to the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in the implementation of this provision in different forums, and Cuba believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
43 Arthur Okwemba, “Poor Countries Cry Fouver New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like its partners in the European Union, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Air and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the Space and Society Seminar in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and records, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Criminal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
Information received indicates that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, in 2001, there were 415,000 under-employment in Spain, of which 68 per cent were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator, taking into account the tax reduction factors of the buyer, indicates the percentage of the salary income required to cover the first year of disclosure costs.
More than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities benefiting girls and women of all ages, including young and older women, will focus on networking, information-sharing, knowledge-sharing and alliances among nations and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peacea, which will remain a high priority for the further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting women's human rights.
If possible, they may also resort to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or remedies.
“... It is fundamentally difficult to affirm that a State can make a full and free decision on who brings property to its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Villa (Preliminary Objections), Barcelona Traction case, I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In the case of any crime to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating to it.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Corruption and Integrity Initiative in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Most delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee felt that there was no need to include a definition of “international public organization”, which was clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that mandatory wording would be preferable.
Discussions had also begun on the concept contained in the last paragraph.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, it was necessary to retain sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting presented the report of the Expert Group on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/ODOC/03/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is due mainly to lower official travel costs and lack of training, as the number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of an assumption of this issue, the Committee was not asked to decide whether Mr. A had been expelled from Sweden, in violation of his obligations under article 3 or any other provision of the Convention, and to decide whether he had been subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups paved the way for the meeting of the Ituri Java Commission, held from 4 to 14 April 2003, and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
Therefore, my country is deeply satisfied with international efforts to achieve peace and security in the countries directly affected by the illicit trade in diamonds, which Venezuela believes in many countries that have a detrimental effect on fuelling armed conflict and delay and impede efforts to achieve peace and security.
1999-2001 Chairman, Board of Trustees, Legal Aid Office, Centre for Legal Development.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Monitoring.
• Abortion, Senda Press
One of the Government's objectives is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, a month was declared to be a counter-narcotics campaign.
“Objectives, 2004-2005: percentage of all personnel deployment requirements using the standby system and rapid deployment levels or on-call lists”
With regard to multilateral treaties, the European Convention on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
Sanctions could be described as a way of language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and representatives of civil society allows for a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and application of targeted sanctions, using the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on the arms embargo and the travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that considerable progress has been made in some areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of the human population remained under colonial yoke, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by voting, which became the basis for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In a broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some persons and their effects on their own development, but also to community development, because of racist and racist systems, communities have been repeatedly thwarted because they have not had the opportunity to embark on some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as the case of Haiti has shown in many ways, to celebrate the 200-year anniversary of independence.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Iranian Government informed that Mazahi Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
A human rights court was also established to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Obata of Tuvalu as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region.
It is therefore crucial that the international community actively support the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the need to include women in all peacebuilding and development processes.
We want to take many initiatives.
UNHCR reiterated its emphasis on the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, and reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with IOM and briefly review the reasons for its complementarity.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides and proposed direct meetings.
In addition, after Mr. Clerides' opening his statement, one can propose the following approaches: not only to the continued validity of the Treaty, but also to the new pattern established by the Agreement on Establishment and the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, which applies to matters other than the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also to the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of its two allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canadian development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
(c) If the chemical combustion of aerosol agents is less than 20 g org, there shall be no fire at a point of exchange, the closed space flame test described in subsection 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which adopts interrelated measures at all levels to achieve complementary objectives under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the serious escalation of Israeli action, which could lead to a dramatic deterioration in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Assembly formally established Azar and Abkhazia as the autonomous republic of the Georgian territory, with corresponding amendments to the Constitution.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for efforts to organize and supervise the referendum on self-determination of the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to the requests of the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries in order to enable him to carry out his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, steadily moving towards synchronization of the programming cycle and streamlining and coordinating processes, establishing United Nations houses in many countries, implementing results-based management and budgets, establishing the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and working together to establish effective collaborative tools, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, and contributing to national efforts to achieve development goals.
Voluntary contributions are made to the organizations in accordance with their specific operational, mandate and scope.
• Percentage of central government expenditures by type and use
In addition, in order to promote the wider audience, the popular version of the Principles is being developed in Indonesian, for example, under the sponsorship of various international agencies and NGOs working in Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
They indicated that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters did contribute to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve their methods, for example through a more effective consolidated appeals process to address forgotten crises.
There is a certain degree of uncertainty regarding the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council makes such a request.
However, as a result of intense debate within Burundian society, it was lifted five days later.
They are victims of a large number of violent incidents committed by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that demonstrates the awareness of the desire to overcome the fears that the military has brought to them with the help of the justice system.
(a) To prepare a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that are certified as capable of conducting laboratory analyses, toxicological, pharmacological and biological assessments and can be consulted in their own territories;
Congratulates the United Nations Correspondents Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters to report on the activities of the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it can increase the number of scholarships offered to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing together them as youth partners to identify and formally propose a global advocacy initiative, a global youth partner, aimed at preventing HIV infection among youth.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the lead in developing the draft guidance note on resource mobilization (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the current session, but no final decision was needed.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the English, French and Spanish texts of decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties which had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat on the relevant web pages were not the official texts of the decision of the United Nations, and the Conference of the Parties had accordingly published the Amendment to the embargo.
For further information, please refer to information on the following web sites: Astapgef@.unep.org (point “noticeboard”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be used for serious responsibility and good governance:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 21)
No documents were submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further recognizes that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system of the Secretariat are responsible for providing content, and that the Department is responsible for coordinating, improving, expressing and disseminating content in close cooperation with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service in Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 on money-laundering in the member States of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (UEMOA) in the context of the link between money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it essential to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular emphasis on the options of self-determination available to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Erea (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in response to the first questions raised by members, and asked whether there were a third gender, or whether the Special Rapporteur would simply refer to the sexual orientation of individual persons.
Therefore, if a member State makes a request for interpretation of those languages or languages, the delegation concerned will bear the related costs.
WFP provides basic English-language knowledge to be necessary in all circumstances, while UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information network of information centres and services worldwide, as well as field office information, prepares raw printed materials in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese; English; French; German: Indian; Russian: Italian; Portuguese: Portuguese; Russian; Spanish: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and freight and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approves the medium-term plan as the projected framework for 2003-2006 (see table 4 in document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7), which includes the preparation of regular resources programme expenditures up to $151 million to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources for the network of field offices primarily responsible for promoting technical cooperation will contribute significantly to dialogue with Governments to advance their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to harmonize family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned that unequal access to the labour market and women are generally limited to working in the agricultural sector and the informal sector, so their income and wages are low.
She indicated that major actions had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the development of an integrated HIV/AIDS research and control programme in collaboration with stakeholders to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
While appreciating the Federal Government's efforts to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women, including the imminent revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Committee is gravely concerned that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of their lives.
However, it is difficult to identify progress in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure the full dissemination and training of law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public on all forms of violence against women and girls.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data on gender and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
Slovak legislation on the export of arms and military goods is contained in the amended Act No. 179/1998 on the trade in military goods.
These general proposals are contained in annex I, entitled “General Overview of General Principles” (Summary), which is part of the present report and should be read in conjunction with the present report.
With respect to invoice Nos. 274-275 and 282-2935, Mannesmann provided copies of the invoices and shipping certificates but did not provide the certificate of arrival.
Incisa, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machines was 28.65 per cent of the “acquisition value”.
(b) The North Refugee Project Contract of the SCOP: Retention bond costs (“claim 5”)
This claim refers to the alleged costs of evacuating employees and their families from Iraq, including travel and communications.
Accordingly, the Panel has considered the total amount of USD 38,234,073 for contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, other losses and interest.
Where a claim has been found that these specific projects or not accompanied by a statement of claim, the claimant has been informed and requested to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“the article 15 notification”).
First, for the purposes of the acceptance of the bond, the bond of the subject of the bond is subject to a guarantee arrangement.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a top priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the Council's substantive session provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting integrated approaches to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity to discuss ways to improve financing for operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globalceans/index.htm1forum).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary-related activities in any manner whatsoever, irrespective of their form, with a view to achieving some kind of legitimacy, are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders are valid until 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue to work towards the implementation of the recommendations made in the report of the Commission on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible was to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place it outside the Commission.
We are confident that the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues raised in the cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legalized by political figures who have acquired existing authority by force only through ballot boxes.
UNIFEM's work in this area has increased significantly during the previous period of the Strategy and Business Plans, 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework set out below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programme selection, partnership, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the recurrence of the RUF rebellion, fears have been raised about the ability of the Sierra Leone Army to preserve territorial integrity.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in West Africa as a result of the difficulties in Liberia.
Upon appeal, he was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that he had his passport to the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can improve in this regard, but it does indeed call for the cessation of all terrorist acts in the operative part.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the right to work in the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work was difficult to enforce in the context of low economic and lack of actual social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of phenylacetic acetic anhydride were inaccurate: the probability of success rose from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that more errors must be recorded, leading to a corresponding reduction in the lifetime.
These measures must be applied by all parties involved.
Also considered was the overall trend in the geostationary orbit market, and the tendency of satellite operators to move from the operational geostationary orbit region to the end of the active lifetime of the satellite.
Adoption of the report of the Conference
In UNCTAD, overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be pursued in UNCTAD's areas of expertise through enhanced interdivisional cooperation.
Any regional office or sub-office that may be established by the World Tourism Organization shall work closely with the regional offices or branches established by the United Nations, in particular the offices of the regional commissions and the offices of the resident coordinator.
In view of the above, general insurance premiums for the biennium 2004-2005 are estimated at $7,578,000 for United Nations property administered by Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 at $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of ODS will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the measures taken and the progress achieved in the enjoyment of all rights, as well as on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Regrettably, since the establishment of the Committee, the delay has been severe.
National policy in this area should be clearly articulated in instructions to the regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without reports and the presence of delegations.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system facilitated coordination of humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
Least developed countries committed themselves to adopting policies to lay the people-centred road to development with a view to ensuring that the necessary environment is created in their own countries to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, plant, fruit and vegetables production enterprises.
Important commitments have been made under the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and clean energy services.
We encourage both countries to speedily complete the delimitation of their common borders.
In particular, concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for special attention by international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
To assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the Working Group's ninth session (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matiya Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the circulation of the longer version of the national declaration.
Mr. Hermann (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's satisfaction at your election as Chairman of the First Committee, Disarmament and International Security.
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, an assessment of the role of existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and identification of areas where additional international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in the preparation of complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the fundamental principles of its legal system, consider, at the gravity of the crime, the establishment of a procedure whereby persons convicted of offences covered by this Convention shall be removed for a period determined by its domestic law by a court order or any other appropriate means:
Without such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be undertaken on a case-by-case basis.
The position of nuclear-weapon States has hardly changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) on the adequacy of global climate observing systems, immediately after the end of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the emancipation of people remain a sacred responsibility.
It needs the attention of the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, while there is a strong normative framework on landmines, instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will contribute significantly to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
In general, the military peacekeeping force did not carry out large-scale investigations, marking or mine clearance operations.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of a binding international instrument for the management of unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance continues to pose a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the 13th meeting of the Committee, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and the adoption of a step-by-step approach and identifies the importance of regional approaches to addressing the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national information campaigns on urban poor partner organizations to support non-governmental organizations, governments at all levels and with sub-part partner organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, and a national information campaign committee has been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal and a regional commission has been established in the Latin America and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives as an inter-sessional subsidiary body of the Council for immediate effect.
We will betray our nations, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa awaits a multi-dimensional response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights as at 1 December 2003 (148)
Negative security assurances are the assurance of the nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most courts cannot operate, most of which are damaged or looted.
Training on integrated logistics concepts will also be provided to the persons concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
Voters who do not have a permanent residence registration certificate at the date of the election have the right to vote in the territory of the Government's administration in which their final registered place of residence.
Similarly, women have access to special education courses and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for the development of general practical labour skills for students with special needs, as well as vocational education.
The current model of social security is based on the fact that the payment of social taxes is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
Under the “Social Security” Act, any person who has lived in the Republic of Latvia for the past 12 months, except a citizen of Latvia, a non-citizen, a foreigner and a stateless person who has a personal identity code, with the exception of a temporary residence permit, is entitled to a social security allowance for persons with disabilities in the State.
At present, the State allowance for children born before 1 January 1999 in Latvia is the amount of 4.25 Latvia, the second fet 5.1 Latvia, or 1.2 times the third birth, 6.80 Latvia or 1.6 times the fourth and subsequent births, 7.65 Latvia or 1.8 times.
Disarmament remains the key to moving the peace process forward in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this project that was dispatched last year.
The conditions of effectiveness applicable to general legal acts, which relate to the legality of the object in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to generally recognized conduct, in particular the recognition of the conduct of the State.
Specifically, the question was whether the State of the act could unilaterally modify, suspend or revoke the act.
Parties referred to the gaps and difficulties associated with the assessment of GHG mitigation measures that might be implemented.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve their procurement measures, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors registered in another United Nations system, inter alia, by using the Internet and making their procurement materials available on their websites;
I will return to this issue later.
My delegation would therefore like to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive impact to advance this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process being pursued by other countries in the Great Lakes region has also progressed.
Any situation, however, will not prevent this new Great Lakes Community from extending to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note the considerable progress made in the negotiations on a draft resolution on addressing this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing affordable energy to rural communities, especially for cooking and heating on traditional fuel sources, which affect the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes enhance the rights of rural women in access to resources, especially land, inheritance and financial services and benefits.
Additional information was submitted by several Member States.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women at the policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism shall be conducted in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate was further developed in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and sanctions related to travel and aviation.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects this visit to be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the autonomy arrangements can be carried out with full caution.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on an issue of great importance to Australia and, as my colleague from Fiji has said, the Pacific Islands Forum countries.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance to those efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has suffered from the devastating consequences of the proliferation of small arms, which are visible in the Solomon Islands, neighbouring countries of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the Transition Group complements our ongoing commitment to other assistance to the people of Bougainville, which is provided through the New Zealand Agency for International Development.
However, more should be done.
“Ourans!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased informal, adult and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General, in updating the workload standards, to address the question of the level of translation of documents from self-revision in order to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
In response to specific questions, he said that the movement of natural persons was being addressed through requests and approval procedures for services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In defiance of the repeated calls of the United Nations and the international community to halt violations and acts of aggression and the repeated warnings by Lebanon of the dangers and consequences of such actions, which continue in many cases in Lebanese territory, terrorize and kill Lebanese civilians and cause material destruction.
Palau
His Excellency Mr. Keit Michelle
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop new United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of the socio-economic commitments contained in the Peace Agreement.
Terrorism groups are closely associated with transnational criminal networks and must redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), other groups that continue to operate in Algeria and are associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in this list.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations for that purpose, particularly those concerning the establishment of assistance funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other countries.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Organization had successfully organized 10 regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Almost 1,000 participants from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and ideas among various stakeholders in the field of ecotourism, particularly those who had not participated in the already held regional preparatory meetings.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the various issues.
UNICEF Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources throughout the country, laying the foundation for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for a new mission for rapid deployment, impressive progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was crucial to insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on those issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Removal of candidatures
However, his delegation considered that the decision to retain or delete the attached footnote should be taken in conjunction with the discussion in chapter V.
The following are the draft strategies developed to meet the commitments made at Sesanaki for delegations to read out.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
Following his election, the President of the ninth session expressed his gratitude to the Parties for their confidence in him and for the efforts made by his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Barru and members of the Bureau during their tenure.
The COP will now be able to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limiting and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the crucial role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the system.
These events effectively identify the way forward for all of us to eradicate poverty, promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the actions already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system for the thematic clusters covering the priority areas of the partnership, and in this regard urges that such a process be strengthened with a view to fostering a coherent and coherent response of the United Nations system to support partnerships;
If the amount of the unused United States dollars indicated that, for the sole purpose of comparison, the exchange rate used in the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics, vol. 45 (April 1991) was the rate of exchange for mid-August 1990.
Facts and contentions
Specifically, it lost profits in the six contracts in the amount of USD 70,787, USD 6,804,146,724, USD 7,155,8,789 and USD 126,344.
In addition, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel determines the date of loss of 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date on which the claimant lost control over the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC was requested to compensate ABB for the costs incurred or commitments made to third parties prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes, within the scope of the present draft articles, a number of issues that have been referred to in the articles on Responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts and which have not been dealt with.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model, taking into account some earlier work of the Commission on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission take into account the following matters:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself, as well as loss of profits and tourism (para. 174 above), sub-paragraphs (13) and (14) above)
The report therefore focuses on results or results, avoiding emphasizing the negotiation process of those instruments or the approach taken by States in the negotiation process or after they are concluded.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition varied depending on the specific type of recognition.
Methods of work
Therefore, the definition of objections should reflect the genuine intention of the objecting State, rather than the legal effect of the objection provided for in the Vienna Convention.
Unless otherwise provided in the treaty or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation becomes effective only when a Contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of its withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was noted that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not deal with the creation and interrelationship of international judicial bodies.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this dissenting opinion, see P.H.Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Pedone Press, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C.Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-224, and cited.
The Committee considered its sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of modification, suspension, cancellation of unilateral acts was also examined, i.e. whether States could modify, suspend or cancel unilateral acts, as they did.
Of these, some 916 have been detained for more than 20 years and the world has the longest prisoner of war.
However, some relevant officials appear to be interested in resuming these services and exploring the possibility of resuming common services in the area of recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in building and facilities management and conference services, which can be used for reference to common services at the Vienna International Centre.
7 December 1983, A/C.5/38/87.
However, the United Nations could become more creative, forward-looking and more systematic in collaboration with civil society organizations to prevent conflict and build sustainable peace.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar held at Wali, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about cases before the territorial courts,
Acting for this purpose under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this case, the Pyongyang law is suitable for the area where the soil situation shows the greatest benefits.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, the Sea WiFS has also enabled the worldwide measurement of the rich terrestrial and marine plants, thereby providing baseline measurements of the polymers — a key parameter carbon in the life support system — for the five-year period.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest level of government to provide scientists with space data in many fields of research and applications;
However, an increasing number of people are fighting for silence and more active action against this policy that impedes normal relations with the family and with Cuba.
Efforts are being made to develop an exceptional law on common law that could be defined as a serious crime within that framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See the response to subparagraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, 8 were deployed to four districts (1 General Service, 1 United Nations Volunteer each).
The contingent of the other sub-unit will consist of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, supported by two national staff.
Issues not falling within the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee by the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: now, half of the young couples of children in Norway are unmarried.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in cases where rape persons are mutual understanding with victims, another reason for the allegations.
Article 3 483 - 500 100
This is the case with cultural patterns and the social status of women, but also in occupations with low labour market demand.
At the same time, the low expenditure on rural household registration (3 per cent lower than income) indicates that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 (1971) on the Representation of Workers provides for the protection of the benefits of union representatives and workers' representatives in the same way as representatives of employees, since both represent the individual and collective interests of employees who are subject to the principles of national legislation.
Data on infectious diseases (excluding prevalence and AIDS) in Montenegro, 1992-2001
Special, Disabled Persons and their Environment, Alternative Learning Centre and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region based on a change in this situation and Israeli policies, as well as the existence of two States, Palestine and Israel.
1.2 Regarding the development of a bill that provides for the punishment of financing or financing terrorist acts; the adjustment of domestic legislation to bring it into line with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The law enforcement and defence of the specific institutions of the State, namely the Chilean armed forces and the police, are not subject to the general and subjective prohibitions referred to in point 2.
Mr. Trawin (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “Treatment of the Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber at an early date.
However, there is no reason to avoid the reciprocity of responsibility of a State for the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Accordingly, the El Salvador judges have an independent hearing of the cases submitted to them, irrespective of their rank.
18 In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the later reported arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom, called “illegal, politically unacceptable”, according to which the European Union's aviation measures should apply to the Territory and which should not be applied to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the field of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular for the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support and well-developed strategies for child protection.
These problems pose a major challenge to the informal or formal role of youth in forestry.
It was hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social commissions would redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forest issues.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chap.
I would not like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a huge impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, showed that the Forum was very useful and that the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, had decided to make it possible for a further three years.
Despite the efforts made, the problems posed by pollution from the marine environment are unfortunately far from being addressed.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are some specific problems in the area of ocean activity that require continued and concerted action by the international, regional and national levels.
This meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, since it would mark the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the institution.
According to the Office of the Prosecutor General, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
A number of additional efforts have also been made to strengthen security guards in the premises (upgrading of television monitors and public broadcasting systems on blast-resistant glass, garage and roofs).
Conclusions
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, where appropriate, on the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library maintains a dedicated web page on the United Nations web site for the observance of the Human Rights Day, with links to resources on related issues.
National human rights institutions play a major role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
A person who owns or uses radio or television equipment or any design or modified electronic means for illicit purposes sends or receives a signal that only one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the results achieved over the past decade, it is not clear that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to make their reform proposals.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality among States enshrined in the Charter, as well as of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the position of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not taken action against Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as threats and possible trends to your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of further review by the Board of Auditors of issues such as memorandum of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival checks, verification reports and personnel resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people and create jobs for them, action plans should take fully into account the impact of ICT on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires would indicate that subparagraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize the obligations of States parties under the various international instruments on human rights to which they were party and must not be interpreted as a modification of their obligations.
Human rights defenders have protested or convicted about the implementation or adoption of laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, which themselves are the subject of security legislation in many countries.
As compared to previous national communications, the third notification by the Parties had improved considerably in the presentation of information and in the presentation of policy and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for the ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all members of the Conference and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing a digital economy
In response to requests from mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee, dealing with chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21.
(d) The right to decide in pre-trial proceedings in other cases, except in the case of appointment.
It prepared the draft rules of procedure of the Board, the terms of reference of the Panel and the special contract agreements for experts serving the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group, at its fortieth session, in October 2002, to devote most of its time to a substantive discussion of the issues raised in the preliminary survey of the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even with more than 10 per cent of transmission rates as in Uganda, can reverse the upward trend in transmission rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA receives from programme countries it supports and the recognition that the mobilization of funds is a shared responsibility of UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/22210/Add.6-9, 14, 17, 20, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/25070/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39 and 45; S/1995/40/Add.14, paras.
Fourthly, the military revolution has emerged, weapons are increasingly complex and the boundaries between conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee unanimously agreed on this schedule.
This time shows that the deadline for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people is indeed set out, but it should be synchronized with the political process leading to the sovereign Government of Iraq.
This may lead to inconsistencies in demand and give enterprises other problems to make the information publicly available for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices, as members of the United Nations country team, can play a very important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment methodology is used, reference should be made to the IPCC good practice guidance prior to access to the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary one.
Upon completion of this work, we should — and I hope — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), namely, the process aimed at determining the final status of Kosovo, in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: framework for accountability for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to the acquisition of the United Nations complex through a pre-lease agreement with the United Nations, which will be owned by the United Nations at the end of the Agreement;
Environmental and social reports must be verified so as to ensure their credibility.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and the EFTA countries and the European Economic Area align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, ADB, UNU and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and developing country negotiating capacity through sharing national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) increased participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) increased use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
UNDP has also improved its cooperation with regional commissions in some areas; however, the Executive Secretaries have agreed that UNDP must be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia had an impact on global commodity demand and supply, which had indirectly affected Africa.
Efforts have therefore been made to ensure coherence in the policy of the Consultative Group, round tables and country-level development frameworks.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the interlinkages between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed a variety of emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent drought and coffee crises in the regions of Chimandanga and Managua and North Atlantic.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will take place within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both parties must be over 24 years of age.
Many major issues of concern, such as reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, control of environmental pollution, global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food and rapid urbanization, are, of course, governance issues requiring international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal is to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue a notice in advance of the forthcoming spacecraft and its object and basic parameters.
4.5 Through joint investment by the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects for rural poor communities have been introduced, focusing on rural development initiatives in areas 2 and 3.
However, women in the interior, with the help of doctors, only 7 per cent of this percentage.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more effective and sophisticated fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has expanded significantly over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in managing international migration, abuse of international asylum systems, and brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been the victim of a number of terrorist attacks on its own territory, including the largest terrorist attack in Bali on 12 October 2002 and, most recently, at the Mario Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
To deal with the major cases, the mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to change the market exchange rate for Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela in part or in full after a comprehensive review of the situation in those countries where the scale had been adjusted for the period 2001-2003.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used for the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B will be applied.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations with respect to the enforcement of sentences,4 but it is understood that future budget requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided to support each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
Pursuant to Prime Minister Decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, the responsibility for drafting State reports on United Nations human rights conventions was entrusted to a cross-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
More detailed reports will be provided after the meeting, reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Oxford Human Development Report 2000, New York.
In 1991, the European Communities, Japan and Canada promoted action and established the United Nations Conventional Arms Register, in response to a common desire.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training courses for a total of 631 trainees, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, NGO representatives, depository librarians and visitors.
In this case, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform the bank or financial institution headquarters of the matter so that a computerized system can be established to properly track the movement of the currency.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of the least developed countries in the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-agency Trade-related Technical Assistance and to scaling up activities to promote South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintained resources for all language training at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Agency Appointments Act
It urges the Government to ensure that senior and continuing education of lawyers and judges fully includes a better understanding of equality and non-discrimination, as well as international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established in many states of the Federation, since the fight against trafficking can be successful only through close cooperation among the various units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States parties to accelerate the realization of de facto equality between men and women shall not be considered discrimination as defined in this Convention, nor shall they lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards, which shall be discontinued when the purpose of equality of opportunity and treatment is achieved.
In category B, the ratio of women among German staff is 52.94 per cent (117 women and 104 men) and 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) People raising children have contributed to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure, on a basis of equality of men and women:
Total monthly income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to increase tension and thus to attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor for the District of Nusa, Ukraine (2.2 million inhabitants).
• Under article 500 of the Criminal Code, persons who assist and abet terrorist offences should be held responsible for the offences in question if they are unable to identify those who actually commit terrorist acts.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As to whether the depositary should also inform other States parties of the inadmissibility of the formulation of a reservation, it was an outstanding question.
Otherwise, the depositary would be transformed into a supervisor and might lose the nature of the “post office” in which it was wrong under the current law and would be undesirable under the proposed law.
The Committee is therefore urged to pay more attention to the liability arising from the activities of foreign ships and to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts of flag States, registered States and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, as a first step, the Commission could undertake a comprehensive study of the rules and mechanisms for dealing with possible conflicting norms in the relevant international instruments, taking into account recent trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, in order to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights to clarify the conceptual link between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
To avoid conflict, UPDF withdrew from Yambio camp and police headquarters in the town.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to do their utmost to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
Most of the efforts made in recent years towards peace in the Middle East have taken place outside the Council.
In particular, decision makers would like to ensure adequate representation of researchers with a view to meeting the increased demand generated by the expansion of scientific capacity and greater emphasis on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The subsequent two-year cycle will focus on each policy session.
Policy paper of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict shall take all feasible precautions in areas affected by explosive remnants of war under their control to prevent the civilian population, individual civilians and civilian objects from the effects of explosive remnants of war.
The stockpiled explosive ordnance should be tested on a regular basis, as appropriate, to ensure that the munitions have the desired effect.
Welcoming also the active and strengthened review process for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
Trade and development
While we vigorously pursue the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not trampled.
Such reporting would help the sanctions committees to measure the level of compliance with sanctions and identify technical assistance needed to improve national implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 in the work programmes of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of introducing a multi-cluster approach to staff resources, like that of UNHCR (see para. 19 above), could be explored, including between the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office of Human Resources Management, to meet the needs of the staff of the Office in large or complex emergencies, while drawing from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This has enabled WHO to benefit from the World Bank in its capacity as a later funding institution and to align the relationship between the representatives of WHO in Dili and experts seconded from UNTAET (but only a fraction of the overall WHO activities in East Timor).
For further information, see Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU's recent emphasis in the Common Foreign and Security Policy on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign of the fact that our joint efforts are at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-personnel mines.
He welcomed UNCTAD's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
As the Conference on Disarmament is facing an impasse, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that can discuss the guiding principles for disarmament — will remain as a framework for effective and fruitful exchanges.
Since the date of nuclear weapons, mankind has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously launch practical ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, member States of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it does not have a complete ban on mines, but the way in which they move gradually has received broad support from the main users and major producers of mines.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat to serve as an important post in Osei (Minister for Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo is of the view that the draft UNCITRAL Model Legislative Provisions on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects represent a real step forward that would enable States to harmonize their legislation, and it is also pleased that the Commission decided to consolidate the Model Provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including date and place
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of the Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Commission,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
Mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the problem of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to clarify and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced his readiness to cooperate on mines.
Progress in implementing the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, procedurally burdensome and even countries that have reached the end of the process are unlikely to find themselves at a sustainable level of debt.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the enterprise resource planning system will replace all existing systems used at headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
Prisoners who have served their sentences may be carried out by electronic means of monitoring when serving the last four months' imprisonment.
UNEP noted its support for the work of the Centre for Crime Prevention in the area of crime prevention and expressed its hope for future cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit, I believe it is my responsibility to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can inform the members of the Security Council so that they take our position into account when considering the aforementioned issues.
If we continue to build on those fundamental points, I am confident that we can map out the new prospects for global security: human rights are respected when confronted with the threats that our times face — including terrorism.
The remainder will be reported in future instalments.
2 The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with the full category “C” original claims and the groups in this total, i.e. with Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinian claimants submitted by Governments and international organizations.
An important purpose of the review was to provide concise and highly general information on a number of issues that were representative in United Nations technical cooperation to assist programme countries in making decisions on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this assertion, the mutual competition between United Nations technical cooperation providers will lead to choice, while overall coherence is achieved through country programme development processes.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to cooperate with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, with due regard to the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace, which includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and mutual understanding among States and among ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, today the range of values, ideas, traditional practices, patterns of behaviour and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace is an integral part of almost all major initiatives in national, regional and multilateral forums.
Pledges to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces do not use duded cluster bombs that may be highly empty.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by those organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It cannot be allowed to provide shelter for countries that have committed to supporting and glorifying terrorism by submitting lengthy national reports.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, with respect to the safety and security of the Agency's staff, the protection of its institutions and the security of its facilities;3
Control of precursors
With regard to agenda item 107, “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, and following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 defines the existence of continuous nationality until the date of the claim, which is relevant to individuals and which should be extended to legal persons for judicial reasons.
However, there are still some vulnerable employees who are excluded under the 10-year relaxation of the labour market and are almost unprotected by trade unions, although there are allegations of violation of good faith, mediation through employment relations legislation has led to less confrontation in labour relations and the resolution of disputes in other areas, such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation recognized that the ceiling on paid parental leave would limit some fathers to join the programme, especially given the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In order to resist pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand is working to insist on the release of children who are married or associated.
In their view, the interim Chemical Review Committee had already had sufficient and clear information to make recommendations by consensus and all the relevant criteria for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met and the relevant due process had been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions by the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first net increase in net inflows was due to the rapid growth in financial deregulation and the European dollar market in industrialized countries.
In the 1990s, official “savings” became the main international mechanism for debt servicing, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt relief International, “Implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) II: Meeting with the Bretton Woods institutions to express concern for the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, 27 September 2002, Washington, D.C.
(h) Joint integrated third party insurance schemes should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The Secretary-General's report (A/57/387, para. 56) refers to two proposed measures: improving the quality of reports and analyses generated by special procedures and selected appointees, developing better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and strengthening the Organization's capacity to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professionals and good administrative support.
It is gratifying, however, that 14 of the 99 representatives of the National Assembly are present, while one of the six members of the Royal Council of Directors is a woman.
At present, the number of students enrolled in secondary (secondary level) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan specifically designed for women, the Royal Government is committed to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development in all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
The divorce is not rare, since Bhutan does not prohibit divorce as many other countries do.
More than half of the actions taken to combat this trade would drive the sex workers to underground, so that they would not be monitored and dealt with, nor could they be consulted on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education, Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
There is widespread awareness that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of ICT by all countries and bridge the digital divide.
Finalization of the areas where agreement has been reached and the resolution of outstanding issues with a view to elaborating a universally acceptable instrument based on the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and on the discussions and outcome of the open-ended working group and the Ad Hoc Committee, and recommending the format of the instrument.
Both hotels had been occupied by Iraqi forces and had been extensively damaged; the second had been used as centres for hostage and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotel referred to in the third claim hotel had been extensively burned by Iraqi forces.
Thus, for example, in relation to the three claims made by persons operating in Kuwait referred to in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that, taking into account the nature of the institutions administered in each case, the extent of the significant loss, the duration of the reconstruction and the improvement measures as part of the rehabilitation, the first and second claimants claimed 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 as well as the period of 1 January 1993 claimed by the third claimant on 31 March 1992 instead of 31 March 1993.
111. Calculation of the implicit value of commercial securities, cash flows and reserves should be forecast through the assumption of expected profits and loss flows.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of local civilians and those involved in humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of the law, science and the arts, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution of Iraqi friends who have a common value with the people of Iraq should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the people of Iraq.
Total GNI per capita fell to almost half the year 2000.
6 Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and approve the projections for 2004-2005 taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
Thus, there had been resignations, as had been the case in two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Notes
Source: Based on the Spanish Institute for Higher Education Statistics and the Spanish Education Statistics Department.
With regard to the overall mortality rate of the population, 371,102 people were killed in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The network, which is composed of professionals, works to make the special issue of women's health a component of the programme and research.
Policies and programmes
Amendment to the law relating to the situation described above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
There is no doubt that this issue poses a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
Children are the main victims of armed conflict in many countries of the world.
The United States maintains its support for the designation of 18 years as the minimum age for mandatory recruitment or use of hostilities by State actors and non-State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts of the Board in monitoring the implementation of the relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be seen as efficient and effective when it works in a manner consistent with the objectives guiding its functioning.
The Conference decided, as above.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
Based on that view, a comprehensive approach could not yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of an International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, supplementary fund for “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative addressed a letter to the Administrator detailing the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) regarding the orderly transfer of authority to the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (text)
Promotion of the enjoyment of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from outside evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated through “learning by side” in implementing projects.
While it is rare to recognize and understand that a higher level of growth translates into behaviour change, they can usefully complement and enhance information and action on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition to the Bouaké area, the Forces Nouvelles do not allow sufficient freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Man and Buna, they allow only controlled access to military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and to encourage Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen our fight against terrorism.
In a diplomatic process to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and has reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions.
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to spare no effort to enhance the Committee's capacity to comply with the Protocol, it is equally aware that the change in baseline data is a serious matter and that it is possible to accept it only if the Committee is fully of the opinion that the changes are sufficiently justified and that the Committee has set out the methodology for future submissions.
In conclusion, he noted that, in the context of the two major atmospheric changes, environmental impacts gave us more reason to work for the protection of the ozone layer: the faster we have achieved our success and the less the damage.
(ii) All methyl bromide consumption ceased on 1 January 2007, in addition to the essential uses that the Parties may approve;
In a port security programme, the Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom an interim measure is directed has not received an appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such case the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings before the arbitral tribunal has heard the party's statement]; or
It was further explained that the intention of the revised draft was to allow the courts to have discretion in denying recognition and enforcement of an interim measure, not only to be sure that there were major problems, but also to be sure that the issue was the proper basis for rejection and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of the provision should avoid unnecessary deviation from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In this regard, the Working Group believes that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less likely to refuse enforcement, this is inconsistent with the unity sought by those model provisions.
C. Factors determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (the “Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously found that Internet commodity advertisements were only intended to be invitations (invitio adfertilum) and considered that a binding contract was established only when the seller accepted the buyer's bid (an offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, financial police stations are mainly responsible for the following anti-money laundering investigations, through the Unit (and, in accordance with the authorization, the respective regional and provincial branches of the tax police), in accordance with section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Decree No. 153 of 26 May 1997:
It is clear that the crime must be committed in Italian territory or, in any event, within the jurisdiction of Italian criminal law.
First count
(Signed) NGUIE MBOB Ambassador Permanent Representative
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the national court of Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiz Deliu are from Vitina city and are charged with terrorist activities, illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated that the Joint Liaison Group should invite, as appropriate, the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention to share information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; The SBSTA reiterated the relevance and valuable contribution of the technical documents on the interlinkages between biodiversity and climate change developed by the IPCC to the work of the Convention during its sessions; The SBSTA took note of the collaborative work of the CGE in the preparation of the document;
Harvard University (Winter 2003): Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Philippe Helmán delivered a course entitled “ Empowering the Judiciary”, analysing the manner in which prosecutors perform their functions and review the crimes committed by prosecution officials at the national and international levels in the application of public and private law and organizing a seminar entitled “Human rights, international business, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the GEF secretariat, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to seeking to simplify these guidance and to report on the outcome of the dialogue in its report to the COP at its tenth session, drawing on lessons learned from GEF-funded projects and programmes;
It should serve as a framework for country-driven actions to address the specific needs and circumstances of Parties and to reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
Furthermore, given the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that, in order to re-evaluate the country's rate of assessment for 2003, it would be preferable to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange rather than price adjustments to the current scale.
The European Union was of the view that adjustments to some assessments, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, should in no case lead to an increase in the number of other assessed contributions set out in the scale adopted by the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized, unconsolidated territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Code lists the rights to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns expressed in recent years is the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violation of the rights and interests of civilians by the parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the warring parties to pursue lasting peace.
In cooperation with the “Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, a senior diplomatic service was seconded for one year by the Permanent Ambassador of the International Secretariat of the UNESCO News Network.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting Al Qaeda and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the amendments to the relevant Security Council sanctions committees and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amiri Decree of 7 January 1979 on the Ministry of Education
As a result of the review, OIOS terminated nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for other officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In the case of any crime to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating to it.
Unless the State Party to which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees, no person shall be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction on his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred, for reasons of his or her nationality, before leaving the territory of the State from which he or she was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public administration, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall provide to the Conference, at its request, information on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as legislative and administrative measures adopted to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist in peace and security within recognized borders.
From the standpoint of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation, North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there other benefits that could help strengthen domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96) to provide guidance on access to prevention, medical care and support opportunities for countries and other actors in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic entered the Convention on 20 February 1975 with reservations 1,23.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should begin on the date of their election, i.e., 21 April.
The revised appeals were still modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the equality of men and women under articles 2, paragraph 2, and 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures at the national level to ensure that home households have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the lands that are transmitted by the generations of the lopes and to ensure that any evictions are consistent with the guidelines set out in its general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms, such as “from their surface” or “an indicative place”, which have different meaning in paper and electronic settings.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in achieving the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations over the past decade
Activities:
Determine the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technological development enterprises and provide the necessary support for the restoration of reconstruction.
The Arab Labour Organization is of the view that the following forms of assistance must be provided to all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, traders and workers' organizations:
- The League will provide assistance for the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, encouraging high-income and middle-income countries to contribute to UNICEF core resources, in accordance with their capacity, to avoid increasing reliance on a limited number of donor countries.
Many clearly reflect the interface with the UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the MDGs.
The draft decision was adopted.
The Financial Intelligence Unit has therefore promoted training programmes related to the prevention of capital legalization and financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, particularly amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their origin and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from the traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that both organizational and substantive preparations were planned; most of the unedited pre-session documentation had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee of Permanent Representatives' websites; and the final version, which had been edited, would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Add a preambular paragraph 1
Official exports reportedly amounted to $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one made a statement under the item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure the highest cost-effective and timely delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, activities such as the African Development Forum will be carried out with a view to reaching consensus on the important issues of African development and to forging a collective African perspective on these issues and on ways to enhance the relationship between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr, noting that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on girls' education, had increased illiteracy and affected women's employment, said that urgent remedies were clearly needed to that end.
UNICEF specific support is provided for in country cooperation programmes.
The examples are used only for illustrative purposes, and one cannot be done.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue its close review of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
Recently, the “United States-led Joint Command” has been unilaterally pretended as “United Nations Command” and has been abused so far to violate the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
These consultations included the Chairperson's participation in the draft general comment organized by the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights Network in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 shows export income data from various sources.
This article establishes the obligation to investigate and prevent the perpetrators of human cloning.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff appointed in the Professional and higher categories for one year or more
Table 1 shows the gender distribution by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reports to the current session of the High-level Committee on Management on this issue and also suggests policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating spouse employment.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization pilot project entitled “Save women's lives: a skilled care initiative” received $8 million in grants for the five-year period of the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, which greatly enhanced the funding base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Pôqurette Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the International Charter of Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges held in North, in November 1999.
This term is defined as the long-term or temporary expulsion of persons, families and even communities from their homes or lands, contrary to their will, without access to, or by invoking appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the findings of the recent United Nations and other studies on the impact of sanctions suggest that these exemptions do not have such effects.
In order to carry out this function effectively, it is essential to inform the relevant courts or tribunals of the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, autonomy must be linked to the system of public responsibility, as is the case for State-funded activities.
The Committee is of the view that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law as set out in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of individuals.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(c) Refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees, whether in refugee camps or in urban and rural areas, have adequate water.
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its will to assist States parties in meeting their reporting obligations.
In general, each State party has indicated the means of declaring a state of emergency as defined in its legal system and the applicable regulations governing derogations from the law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), the charge may be presented orally or in writing, provided that the law and facts on which it is based are stated.
In interpreting the scope of permissible limitations clauses, States parties should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including the right to equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as set out in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interplay of many provisions ensures the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented and, within the framework of each national electoral system, the votes cast by the voters should be equal.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs that may interfere with the right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of racial, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice their religion or to use their own language.
In order to ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funding (including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, premises and any financial controls that do not affect their independence.
Government departments can only participate in consultative status.
Clearly, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in any future decolonization programme.
Therefore, we do not make it a formal draft resolution, but want to give delegations the opportunity to consider it and decide what we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit it to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three-tiered courts, the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals.
The Act gives British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermuda.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living and has the highest purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income of persons over 54 years of age is $11,286.
Bermuda believes that higher education for Bermuda residents is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared to other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials, criminal law and criminal justice experts, public administrators, parliamentarians, practitioners in crime prevention and criminal justice, readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications, and officials and members of professional bodies, judges, law enforcement officers and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular funds and programmes, to make contributions on a multi-year basis, whenever possible, and emphasizes the need for further exploration of alternative sources, which are complementary to traditional sources;
Takes note of the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, collaboration and coordination, including through the full alignment of the strategic framework, approaches, modalities and partner arrangements with the priorities of recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the need to ensure greater coherence between the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the strategic framework designated by the Bretton Woods institutions, including the poverty reduction strategy paper;
Stresses the need to enhance the institutional capacity of those countries, in accordance with the need to assist the least developed countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, to provide adequate support for the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and its subsequent decision to devote a coordination segment to the review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions by 2005,
Taking into account also the work programme attached to the Barcelona Declaration and the Declaration emanating from the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, aimed at connecting the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure the interoperability of the two,
(d) Transfer and introduction of new technologies through FDI and other channels alone cannot ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, having identified four members of the Governing Council of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of four years, with a full date of 30 June 2007: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Marie-Paplo-Sirwanja (Russian Federation) and Salman Sumbay (Bangladesh/United Kingdom).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in this regard for a period of three years, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Foundation for Housing and Social Inclusion of the Homeless in Haiti
(d) Notes that the Committee no longer considers complaints by the State against the following organizations:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide the Secretariat with information on the use of the above-mentioned draft format and questionnaires for the six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedure had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five major speakers made statements on the sub-theme of the trend in trafficking in persons, focusing in particular on data collection, global trends against trafficking, trafficking in western Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of rural children's education were reported to be in urban households, which in some cases turned into trafficking.
UNITAR workshops in English on the structure and drafting and adoption of United Nations resolutions
The inspection also found no signs of new nuclear facilities or direct support to any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
States should not lose sight of the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director presented to the Executive Board, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised 2002 budget (DP/2003/CRP.3), that UNOPS actually achieved better results in all its operational parameters.
I. IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to visit the facility abandoned by Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/35).
Political discussions are indeed very important, and the First Committee remains an important place for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objective, several of us, through the Organization of American States, have supported the call for other States in our region to adhere to or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts deserves consideration and that, with the authorization of the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations could convene the Panel to carry out specific verification tasks.
Here, special mention should be made of the fact that the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Commission will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
While the corporation is the principal legal person in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may require such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article shall apply irrespective of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar procedure is relevant to the dispute that is or has been the object of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for all they have been on our side and for all they have done for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
However, to maximize the impact of JIU on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it is not sufficient to improve the quality of the development and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed its mission one hour and returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with the provisions of annex V to the Convention, a thematic network (USD 40,000 for consultants and participants' travel); To support the holding of ministerial meetings of Northern Mediterranean Parties in 2004 (including consultants, logistics and participants); To facilitate the participation of non-EU country Parties in Annex IV meetings in 2004 and to assist participants in the UNCCD annual regional meetings ($30,000)
In its continued dialogue on the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council, at the end of 2002, published 13 draft strategic objectives to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) Maintaining a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any combination, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business resulting from the combination of such activities is preparatory or complementary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and previous reports will contribute to the Committee's assessment of the action taken by Member States and make recommendations for improving existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) For the purposes of subparagraph (a), the seizure of a large amount of assets or property and the return of the assets or property to the conditions of exchange shall be punishable under subsection (1).
The Han City Branch of the Federation of Women and Family Clubs of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group”, reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
A lump-sum payment is determined annually by the Minister of Labour.
The proportion of women in the agricultural population remained higher than 50 per cent after 1990, 51.6 per cent in 1998 and 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and had become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to changes in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are effective only after reporting.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion recorded in this summary record begins at 2.25 p.m.
As far as the latter is concerned, what will the Committee submit its views?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the intention of IMF was not to develop a standard but to recognize the standards already set by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis for inter-State relations; mutual respect and desire for peace are a link between nations large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the increased collaboration between the entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of NEPAD.
At the special session of the Security Council Committee against Terrorism in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova presented a summary report on their counter-terrorism activities.
It is this message that has led to the emergence of the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that have taken place in the past few years, including in particular the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summits.
On the nomination of the representative of Belize, Jonas Mill (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that there was no change in the allocation of resources between the language units of United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4 on least developed countries, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue requiring long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the international development target plan for poverty eradication aims at at least 7 per cent of GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many did not have important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of evaluation and implementation of the recommendations arising from such work.
In addition, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States Group.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development individually and collectively,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The issues under the current agenda items mentioned in the observations and examples of relevant actions are described below.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any African country emerging from conflict, and its resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
To combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a number of measures, and a brochure entitled “Trafficking in human beings: imagination and reality” was published in November 2001, with financial support from the Centre for Gender Equality Information and Policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Belarusian Federation of Young Women Youth with the United Nations offices in the country.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and in table 1 of annex IV, the proposed budget for the Foundation for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $0.5 million, of which $4.9 million is for programme resources, $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration.
The operational costs of the Office are partially covered from the special-purpose contributions made annually by the Russian Federation to the Foundation (designated for the activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held an initial review of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Darto (Ireland)
Notes that the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-second session, continued its work as mandated by General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session its report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Under article 5.2 of the UNIDO Constitution, consent to the request of Lithuania for the restoration of voting rights;
Noting with satisfaction the valuable support provided by UNIDO to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of a comprehensive programme aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industrial sector, and noting in particular the encouraging outcome of the pilot phase of the project, which began in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat indicated that Africa's problems were a long-term problem.
Even when estimates are based on the most optimistic growth prospects of the world economy, it seems difficult to achieve the MDGs.
The failure of trade negotiations at Cancun is another concern.
People working in the sanctions committees are fully aware that the same name has emerged again.
We would like to suggest that this approach be taken on a more regular basis in the future for Africa and other regions.
The outcome of those different discussions should be the Council's reference to the issues it has undertaken.
(d) To increase awareness among criminal justice officials and other persons, in particular through training, of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the detection and prosecution of such crimes through:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wendland outlines the work and future meetings of WIPO on TK.
He again met with the Government's senior ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sarun, Minister of Agriculture, and Im Chhunem, Minister of Agrarian Management.
The proposed programme will require extensive consultations, a well-informed open debate and active consultation of judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between the “lawful region” and the “real region”.
With the end of armed conflict, large land has become a very valuable asset, inducing the military to claim that ownership of the former theatre of warfare and remote areas under the control of people is owned by them.
The analytical process leading to the elaboration of the Standard Rules is the result of the joint efforts of many international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and expert groups affiliated with the Standard Rules monitoring mechanism.
In Australia, the supporters of some of the listed entities were identified, and the relevant Australian authorities are conducting investigations.
While recognizing the differences between States in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development, and taking into account those differences in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he noted that those differences should not serve as a justification for weakening the attainment of the objectives of the future convention.
Some mid-term reviews identified a number of advocacy activities that were too broad and recommended that UNFPA maintain proper focus at the country level while selecting focused advocacy activities in specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the International Conciliation Quartet — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations on the “road map for Middle East peace”
Three of the blast killed and more than 200 wounded.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to help complete the transition process and follow-up at the end of this year's mandate.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made specific reference to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard cited some important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement initiatives of social concern, such as promoting learning, research, culture and assistance activities, with a view to promoting the development of anti-mafia culture in society, especially among young people, and promoting the professionalization of professionals in investigative and judicial bodies working to prevent and combat organized crime.
Section 4 Responsibility of the heads of departments, offices and missions
We note the continued work on simplification and harmonization of programming tools, as well as the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that those efforts will lead to a decline in transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach that will promote institutional rationalization, the optimum use of resources, the elimination of duplication, enhanced coordination and the setting of criteria for monitoring and evaluating performance.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping military exercise, “Byongho 2003”, was held in Francesville, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme managers”, add the words “in accordance with the mandate”.
The Committee is of the view that the repatriation grant to United Nations staff who are about to retire has been out of 50 years and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Committee noted that the objective of the secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination was to ensure a more integrated and coordinated response to the policy directives and mandates of Member States by the United Nations system, and looked forward to the implementation of the relevant parts of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Commission considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Committee emphasized the need for CEB to keep the issue of inter-agency coordination on NEPAD under constant review.
The door-to-door transport questionnaire responses to the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, the issue of railways must be taken fully into account.
The experts responsible for the establishment of the Network Profile Workshop made important recommendations that the General Assembly should take into account.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies from pre-retirement to working age to 37.8 per cent (an average 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property
The claimant further stated that the contract of assignment was agreed to be signed on 6 August 1990, and that it was not fully signed as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The D5 claims report covers the review of individual claims for damages above USD 100,000; E1 claims review for the oil sector; E2 claims reports for review of claims on behalf of non-Kuwaiti and other business entities; E3 claims for review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; F4 for review of environmental claims; and individual claims for review of the maximum claimed amount of USD 100,000.
Decision concerning the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the IDB/ Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) from September 2003.
(a) New activities have begun in Latin America in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste disposal plants have been set up in Ethiopia and technological optimization activities have been undertaken in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by adding, in operative paragraph 16, the dates of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries particularly affected by small arms and light weapons indicated that they needed assistance not only in the development of import legislation, but also in the development of legislative capacity for enforcement
(m) An importer must obtain an import licence from its local authorities and a copy of the exporter's export licence before import;
(f) States could enhance their cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and take measures to ensure the legality of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the country level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions to implement a standard computerized debt management system in the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted to effectively use.
1 General Service (Other level) ( Language Assistant) - Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (Case Manager)
• Drafting, in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section, of a complaint paper (article 61 (3) (a)) and legal submissions (in particular with regard to evidentiary and procedural issues)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively dealt with by the Section and the absence of unnecessary delays or difficulties in proceedings
• General temporary assistance - 16 months (P-2): €3,584.
Therefore, the first half of 2004 would be the time the Secretariat could use to build its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government to provide more information on the state of health of women and to undertake research to obtain gender-disaggregated data for children and child mortality, breastfeeding women, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
The provisions of this article shall not be interpreted to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude the exercise by a State Party of any criminal jurisdiction established under its domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken to implement the request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, such States Parties may wish to consider, on the basis of this Convention, mutual enforcement cooperation with respect to any crime covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and emphasizes that this objective will be further advanced if it is implemented in a comprehensive, universal and effective manner and, for the benefit of all humankind, by removing the possibility of the use of chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, where necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination based on nationality, race, sex, religion and language in the United Nations, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds) and to give due consideration to the recommendations consistent with the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as measured by the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso is a country in extreme poverty, and the text in the box below provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between initiatives and work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you intercepted any of the listed individuals at entry points or transit?
Another speaker said that it was time for greater efforts to inform the world about the widespread impact of the work of the United Nations.
Regulatory environment 4
(c) Other incentives: infrastructure subsidies and utilities subsidies.
In particular, in implementing cluster development programmes, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11) which could save the time of discussion on the proposals.
The range of activities during this period is wide.
The concept of gender mainstreaming was included in the budget document for the first time in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001, as adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its agreed conclusions 1997/2 and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all the services dealing with the programme and budget, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure a clear gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not ceased the destruction of property, the confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youths, the closure of roads, the proximity of construction services for Israeli settlements, restrictions and all other measures that allow extremist Jews to enter the Al-Haram Al-Sharif.
Expressing its concern at the increasing restrictions on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations by attacks and threats against humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated personnel,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal and that the work of the Tribunal should lead to the desired results, with due regard to the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statements by the President in the General Assembly; participation in meetings on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Five other cases concerned seven accused; one accused in Semanza, one in Niyitegeka, one accused in Kamuhanda, one accused in the Kajelijeli case and three accused in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a United States citizen, had been arrested and sentenced for three years as a result of attempts to interfere with radio and television programmes; that Nancy Chen, a Australian citizen, had been kidnapped by agents of the National Security Agency of China; and that the 16 persons had been sentenced for demonstrations prior to the Hong Kong liaison office of the Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States of their responsibility in responding to Islamophobia and hostility towards Arab phenomena.
The Special Rapporteur emphasizes the serious nature of these allegations, notes that this is not the first communication on such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not responded to them.
The concept of freedom of information is in itself one of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will realize its greatest desire to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be — and it is indeed the cornerstone of the global coalition against terrorism.
I am confident that, before trying to modernize the United Nations instruments, serious analysis and careful judgement must begin.
The king authorities have been set up, as is the case with the car.
These indicators enable national health ministries or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans to improve reproductive health services and child health.
Following the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have reinforced the Special Rapporteur's resolve, within his mandate, to make every effort to ensure that Iraq's democracy is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and to bring to justice those responsible for decades of gross and systematic violations of human rights.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the full period of the Mine Action Capacity (goal 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid discussing the issue simultaneously in both forums.
Governments and private creditors' associations involved in the G-10 Working Group have developed a number of model clauses.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein gives knowledge or suspicion that another person is involved in money-laundering.
The Panel will accomplish this task by continuing its discussions on specific issues selected by the London Group at its meetings.
In this regard, the pilot project on the establishment of an international radio broadcasting capacity is in its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacities in areas such as trade and services, investment, trade promotion, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter addressed to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General was still awaiting a response from the Government of Israel to the investigation of the death of Mr. Hook, a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the draft general recommendation on article 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Alternative B would have a serious negative impact on the process.
The website, protected by password, became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shares the view of France and Germany that the problem of human cloning can in any event have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions are now available to provide financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Implementation of measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As at 31 December 2002, only half G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the supervision of the health insurance plan, and a new post in 2003 should better control the expenditure of the medical insurance plan delegated to the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 is a reserve available for 2001 to write-off of payments made to implementing partners in the years 1994-2000 but long-outstanding.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources are available for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of the Habitat Agenda monitoring mechanism at the national and local levels; and (c) member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and sustain the implementation of the Habitat Agenda monitoring policy and strategy through UN-Habitat programmes and projects.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent action to ratify the relevant legislation to develop or reform the refugee status determination process, while others reported taking steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status determination by UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission had given high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the CARICOM secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted with massive international terrorism and extremism attacks, considering that this evil is indivisible and global and that it cannot be protected from the “national house” if concerted action is not taken.
The IDB applies international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Implementation of the agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and progress towards the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Amendment to Regulation No. 98: (30 October 2003)1
Children under the age of nine are not subject to any criminal responsibility.
Under the Criminal Code, any person engaged in the purchase, sale and any other type of illegal transaction of a child shall be criminally liable.
Background
There are no multi-purpose and “time relative” problems in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns all forms of violence, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer products
Tomuschat believes that the purpose of the treaty to establish a general regime of strict or objective liability is only to deal with extremely dangerous activities.
In this case, however, the injured party is the whole State.
The choice must be made between the law of the State approved and the law of the State in which the injury occurred.
The “Amoco Cadiz case” demonstrates the approach taken by the Court in measuring environmental damage.
It is also not possible for HC Indiana-American Oil Company to voluntarily assume liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other transactions involving financial transactions (banks, currency exchange, finance companies, insurance companies, equity companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Additional operational activities, such as criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be undertaken if resources permit.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better inform the work of the General Assembly in favour of the general population.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on widespread, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Mattess Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be advisable to conduct in-depth discussions on the issue of globalization in order to review specific areas in more detail.
International Council for Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illegal brokering plays a crucial role in facilitating the illegal transfer of arms to groups that cannot be purchased by legal means; they have embargoed States and groups, rebels, organized crime elements and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Maquia Mónba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda for the manner in which he led the work of the Commission during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized cooperation services structure
• International Law Institute - African Centre for Legal Excellence (Kampai, Uganda)
The experience of the World Bank in Andhra Pradesh, India, shows how the decentralized civil authority in the form of governance in SMART (single, ethical, credible, accountable and transparent) uses the Internet to carry out reforms such as the “Consolidation Information Centre for Civic Services” and the digitalization of contract registration.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to work towards the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Alliance agreement indicated that, following the debate held by Parliament on autonomy in the spring of this year, the Government will take a decision on whether to establish a governmental entity/sectors to deal with the matter of self-government and will decide on whether to hold a referendum on autonomy.
Improving their conditions has been a top political priority.
It is necessary to strengthen incentives for employment.
The programme is based on equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports on ongoing violations against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a universally recognized indigenous people.
In this regard, the Seminar has played a significant role, including the presence of a British representative, who, in his own words, was personally aware of the real ideas of the Anguillans about the option of self-determination.
At the request, special compendiums have been prepared for companies on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals (UNFPA (reproductive health for women), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), UNHCR (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information Technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support intensified cooperation and coordination between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments in order to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
Discussions discussed how to support the current WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and expressions that had been put forward during the Conference to address those issues, particularly with regard to identifying measures to enhance competitiveness, diversification and increase the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting, “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions on non-compliance with reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of the country's needs and identifies those that can be met most effectively through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by article III of the general management procedures for the operations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, with the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, is responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation and provides technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules for the registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but they could not be said about how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that there would be an international consensus on the issue and that, if necessary, they would support the proposal of Belgium.
We therefore believe that it is important for the Security Council to listen formally to the views, observations and recommendations of the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the General Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback to the Council in improving its future work.
Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and results of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signing or ratification of or accession to the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the director of the plant and asked about the refineries' ownership, the buildings adjacent to the Northern Gas Company and the production operations.
The people of Colombia supported the Government's efforts to regain territorial control, safeguard national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter elaborates this process and outlines some potential ideas on the content of voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested the development of a set of voluntary guidelines to be elaborated by a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development and the realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States, in accordance with articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the established principles of international law.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of charter air assets, monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts, ensuring compliance with established flight standards, liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services, and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the strengthening of United Nations action in the field of human rights based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be properly balanced with regard to the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the problems prevailing in developing countries, many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are also suffering from a number of factors such as small size, remoteness, geographic dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, ecosystems, transport and communications, remoteness from business centres, weak local technological power, acute dependence on imports, small quantities of commodities, non-renewable resources, population movements, and, in particular, heavy financial constraints.
I can certainly say that this seminar gives the people of the Pacific real hope that the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for durable solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement made by the people of Tokelau, who said that the work session with the Special Committee had been successful because of the “human face”.
These activities have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use, planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, monitoring their operation and improving skills.
The Congolese men who are not required to marry the alien are required to join the nationality of the woman.
The situation was further aggravated by the widespread destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the unsustainable livelihood of rural areas, the inability of agricultural activities and the recent return of millions of refugees.
With regard to the second index, Member States' unpaid assessments, although significant, were much lower at the end of 2002, at $1,68.4 million, compared to $2,106 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to the country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of the land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, where do youth see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to the water supply system in the area of resettlement of refugees and internally displaced persons in Hargeisa and around them.
Support to proscribed groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Stresses the importance of the expeditious entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
Participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure the development of programmes for the independent use and rights of women so that they can benefit from forest resources on a sustainable basis.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on preparations for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Develop and maintain a nuclear-weapon-free world by further developing the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance with nuclear disarmament agreements.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Afro-American Association said that discrimination in the justice system was not only a problem of poverty, since the middle or rich of people of African descent were also discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Former Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of Youth
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Qurei and his Government in implementing the road map towards peace.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of the justiciability of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the need for further development of indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant”.
It was also noted that mandatory time periods were not commensurate with a particular exception to a security right, that was, in some cases, the priority was limited to the time of the creation and not the time of the filing (e.g. an acquisition security right).
With regard to other issues to be addressed in chapter VII, a number of recommendations were made.
An independent assessment of some projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements reached with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most pressing task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and free it from long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and a reverse integration.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that the presence of 35 women in Parliament was not only a victory for Moroccan women, but a victory for women in Muslim countries; through the expansion of numbers, all women shared.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the northern Gaza Strip town of Beit Hanoun, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze tangible assets such as enterprises or property further complicates the problem.
Of the 272 individuals named, only a few were known.
Along with the actions that cannot be controlled by the listed persons worldwide, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the business assets they hold or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected.
The unique forms and causes of HIV/AIDS-related crises in southern Africa, as well as the situation in Iraq, have prompted the United Nations to identify clearly its humanitarian role and responsibilities in these situations.
The present report addresses areas where progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for NEPAD, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the transport of raw materials in manufacturing.
The further development of the process leading to the determination of Kosovo's future status will depend on the positive results of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the current form of the document was unacceptable, Kosovo Serb leaders also remained at a distance from that document.
Now we need to support those mechanisms and provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it prove correct to delete the references to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws, as well as to the original criteria/benchmarks as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities are always the first to recognize that there are different values and scales of time on forest issues.
Capacity to perform the necessary programmatic functions has been strengthened to improve advocacy and effectiveness of the country programmes in the following small offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million in net support budget (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In a violent protest, the Constitutional Court issued an appeal against the supporters of General Ríos Month in the capital, in which they gathered in a bus and trucks, with a number of people wearing masks, thirst, block the streets, surrounded the Supreme Court building and destroyed property.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6 August, 15 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 13, 17 and 18 December 2003; 15 and 23 February; 10, 19 and 20 March; 14 and 8 May, 16 December, 19 May, 16 December;
(The deployment of some military observers to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection took place officially on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, held on 6 June 2003, the Committee undertook a quarterly review of the travel ban list and decided to remove the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be removed.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendations (82)-(88))
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have drastically reduced their nuclear arsenals, but the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the risk that they could fall into the hands of terrorists are a growing problem that other States have not fully complied with their non-proliferation obligations.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand fully repaid the International Monetary Fund's loans two years earlier.
To be such a future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups is an offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The UNAMI Core Group will lead its efforts to provide operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as to coordinate and provide guidance to the activities of United Nations agencies.
In accordance with the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of persons and entities on the list, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or on their instructions, and ensure that no such funds, assets or resources are made available directly or indirectly by their nationals or in their territory.
Kenya seriously addresses this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will contribute to our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of domination and rulers, but also in all human relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and in creating a secure environment for democracy that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalances in the region are detrimental to the creation of full employment to absorb an annual increase in the economically active population.
English
One solution was to set out a clause indicating that diplomatic protection was complementary to a special regime for the protection of investment or the protection of human rights, but that a binding decision, such as a judicial decision or arbitral decision, must be adopted to provide protection under a special regime.
His delegation was of the view that the best option would be for the operator to assume civil liability and the residual liability would be borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of loss resulting from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities is being dealt with rationally as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential for economic decline and financial crises during the biennium, space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly held with the WTO Trade and Environment Regional Seminar.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, Division of Kailit, subsequently convenor of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (not Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to resolve outstanding issues in a satisfactory manner within the framework of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of the recommendation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues because they have a wide range of implications.
The National Forest Programme Services Project is hosted by FAO and supported by many donors and developing country participants.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland was elected by a two-thirds majority of the members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, taking into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States who has been found not to freeze the assets of individuals and entities on a specially designated global terrorist list issued by the Foreign Assets Control Service or to deal with those individuals and entities is subject to serious civil and/or criminal sanctions.
Have you intercepted any of the listed individuals at entry points or transit?
- Law No. 428 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. money-laundering cases).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invites all Parties to the Convention to inform the Conference of the Parties of their information.
Economic impact assessment “response measures”
Kenya presented legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise could have an estimated 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening freshwater supplies to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia, together with Singapore, dealt with the dispute over sovereignty over Pedra Branca/Pulau Batuteh, Maddle Rock and South Ledge through the International Court of Justice.
In view of this situation, prudent efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to the maximum sustainable level by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “The Russian Federation - Support for the National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultation mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received several reports of the involvement of mercenaries in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly related to drug cartels, but also linked to self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, the recommendations and mechanisms being developed should be heard by a wide range of States parties if any amendments to the Convention were to be made to prosecute mercenary offences and internationally wrongful acts more effectively.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for economic development and poverty eradication.
This dialogue represents a major step towards the normalization of Kosovo and the implementation of the Stabilization and Association Process.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided it with a wide range of support and services in the process of the return of United Nations agencies to the country.
Mr. Castro: Members will have my full text and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic feeding throughout the region, and we believe that this is taking place.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a response from the Government to the urgent appeal on this order.
Since there is also much expertise in demand reduction issues within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework document on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to make ICT hardware and software more accessible through tax incentives and encouragement and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development Division of UNCTAD.
The elected President made a statement at the same meeting.
Another participant expressed the view that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation provided a source of facilities to identify needs.
Others felt that the Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management based on the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which also indirectly included the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers to ensure the use of best available technologies, but that such activities needed the support of Governments and the need for appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This could further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with a variety of grounds, ranging from a peaceful solution to a conflict under Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What do we need to do?
First of all, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan for the tragic events of 19 August, which resulted in the deaths of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They could not only provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also engage in many other ways consistent with their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated on the basis of subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
The 34 African least developed countries were concerned at the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the UNCTAD Board devoted to least developed countries.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my gratitude to Mr. Morris for his very interesting statement, which I believe contains very important information and figures, expressing a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and shall be conducted in accordance with the supplementary mandate contained in the annex to these Regulations, with the exception of special instructions from the General Assembly.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) has now entered into force for the sovereign States of the region, which has been officially endorsed by the 18th meeting of the OPANAL Conference, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and taking note of the outcome of this Conference, including the Havana Declaration adopted by the General Assembly”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002 and, with the endorsement of Security Council resolution 1457 (2003), again raised the link between the plundering of resources and the violation of human rights, while demonstrating the deep roots of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted several cases in which Mr. Blise Blazise and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and were threatened with arrest and death; his two relatives were imprisoned because he requested MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
In his view, the visit clearly demonstrated the intensification of cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards regarding detention procedures
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States for curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying them.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been dressed.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this vision under your presidency, Mr. President, and address it in other regional organizations.
We have held regular staff consultations and have referred to Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part and parcel of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for the kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring common country assessments, United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, debt burden and other measures within the framework of the G-8 African Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future work programme of the Authority needed to include a study on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergencies were not endangered as described in ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of the special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, it was found that the problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities, if not addressed, could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable, not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because it contributes to the changing practices and procedures of the Council's work.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/338, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “International assistance and cooperation to the Central American Alliance for Sustainable Development” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group))
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold the Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss those texts for the time being, pending consultations.
There is no legislation available.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to complement the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service and efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, replace the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” with the words “the number of women in developing countries, countries with economies in transition and those that do not have women or generally underrepresented”;
Romania subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level would benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices.
The latest initiative on the development of data-sharing models has resulted in three interlinked projects.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure the expeditious formulation of the compensation programme and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to accelerate the flow, release and clearance of goods, including transit goods, and to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) Promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected public office;
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
In this regard, efforts are made to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops in respect of fundamental human rights,
See chap. XVII. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to review the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings in a few weeks ago and those who committed crimes during an armed conflict are brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of innovative new public-private sources of finance for development purposes, provided that those sources do not unduly burden developing countries, and takes note of the proposal contained in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus regarding the use of special drawing rights allocations for development purposes;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit offences outside Kazakhstan may be extradited to foreign countries for trial or serving sentences.
Participants agreed on the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate with a view to establishing lasting peace, allowing Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to coexist within secure and recognized borders, based on the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificates of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as a summary of sources and systems, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability and lessons learned.
This system is based on results-based, concise and more consistent with UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, the relationship between the two contracting parties has not been applied, in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention: “In this case, the effect of withdrawal of a reservation on the relationship between the reserving State and the objecting State is to extend the scope of the treaty and the provisions covered by the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the task of the Action Team is to implement a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, for the management of natural disaster mitigation, relief and prevention through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while making maximum use of existing capacities and bridging the gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias received approximately 50 honorary doctorate degrees from well-known institutions, such as Harvard, Princeton, Dauthus, Oberin, and the University of Washington, D.C., in St. Louis, as well as many awards from other advanced capitals, including Martin Luthers Nobel Peace Prize, the Free Award for the City, the Jackson Roseton Award, the Amia, and Hir.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is the governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of promoting equal opportunities for men and women and combating all forms of discrimination based on gender-based standards.
With regard to households using timber, coal and fuel for indoor heating, the “social programme” approved by Government Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250,000 lei/monthly to 30,000.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with other parties, developed a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and strengthened the Caribbean Emergency Response Agency.
Important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year include the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2 Income and administration funds received by UNDP
Article 67 Method of suspension
Based on this, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In the area of employment: provide flexibility for people's skills and competencies in different locations;
However, it also stressed some weaknesses, such as in identifying individual goals and objectives of the organizations.
FICSA noted that private sector compensation for its employees in hardship duty stations was much more favourable than United Nations staff.
One member insisted that quasi-State companies were not in the public/non-profit sector, since all other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
While members of the Commission and representatives of the organizations involved in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data collection methods, the representatives of the staff associations had argued that data collection should be completed through on-site interviews with data collection teams, in some cases, local salary commissions could decide to use other methods if deemed useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Kenya, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg.
(i) Advisory services: sending missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthening national-level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and gender mainstreaming in national policies and programmes, focusing on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, the promotion of understanding of women's rights and the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
www.un.org/Docs/sc/presidency.pdf
[States] general insolvency law should recognize [accelerating accounting, [cash, accounting,] or netting in accordance with the payment or settlement systems of other States or similar rules of financial markets.
With regard to the compensability of these repairs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel applies the approach set out in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, which refers in particular to paragraph 113, which states that adjustments are required if a claim is not reflected in the normal circumstances of the maintenance costs.
These proposals were circulated and discussed in a report and through the organization of the International Business Forum and several follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
The need to share practical experience was well recognized.
However, Algeria's accession to the international legal treaties on human rights had been accelerated following the transformation of multiparty systems in 1989.
The movement of the Licorne force is often hampered by considerable calm in Abidjan, a reduction in curfews and a decrease in street demonstrations, and frequent extortion.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions have not exploded after their launch or surrender, and that they have been underground or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: note by the Administrator on the second Global Environment Facility Beijing Declaration (DP/2003/23)
(b) The duty of the grantor to compensate for unanticipated devaluations
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year for Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, in cooperation with Governments and in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, address trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls and urge States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments, coordinate closely with indigenous peoples, taking into account the experience of the 2001 Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children, held in Quito, in 2004.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in this area and participate in the dialogue at the third session.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Na Joao Ika indigenous peoples; Indigenous People's Council on Biology.
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire had ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, which Cameroon had signed.
In the area of urban security, the Office supported the Brazilian National Police Academy in upgrading the teaching facilities.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure items: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000.
In addition, a large number of investigations have been conducted in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, where resident investigators are based and are implementing downsizing plans.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements, and expresses its intention to continue the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Force Commander of the Stabilization Force, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities assigned to the Stabilization Force in the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina by Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemning the fact that Israel has planted thousands of mines in the Lebanese territory it occupies, which has resulted in and continues to lead to dozens of deaths and significant material losses.
Reaffirms all previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling the previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this subject, in particular resolution 15/5-P(IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit Conference,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
Concerned about the continued weakening of multilateralism in the field of arms regulation, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral action by Member States in addressing their security concerns would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning the violation of the border of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution No.
Recognizing the challenges posed by the world economy to the growth of globalization and integration and the formation of strong economic blocs and the growing liberalization of world trade,
Considering the economic difficulties of transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution No.
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the OIC Charter aimed at working together to safeguard and protect the Islamic heritage,
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of those symposia.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea level rise and its social and economic impact in order to protect wildlife in coastal and member territories.
The Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 2003 from 28 to 30 May 2003,
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concessions only relate to concessions only to concessions.
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (No. 10/3/3386 of 9 March 2003) emphasizing the implementation of the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and the Directive on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001, 5 August 2001) and the obligation to identify all relevant information in a formal document.
This preliminary report outlines a broad framework for preventing the use of small arms and light weapons for human rights violations.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to the members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol No. 12 to expand their non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of deaths, injuries and maiming of road traffic globally,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61) organized by the delegation of China will take place on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process for the elaboration of a new constitution, and emphasizes the need to include Afghanistan's international obligations in the new Constitution and to ensure the full participation of women in all the preparations for and conduct of the Constitutional Loya Jirga and the Loya Jirga itself;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, expressed their satisfaction with the draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement presented by the Prime Minister to the National Assembly, reiterated their appreciation for the efforts made by the French and ECOWAS forces, and once again emphasized their concern for the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces and the police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of the establishment of peace in Liberia and the consolidation of the links between Sierra Leone and the Mano River subregion; (c) the Security Council should review lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL to coordinate United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and development efforts; (e) and other United Nations peacekeeping operations that should be fully implemented in the way in the United Nations.
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes proposed in the report could not be avoided and accepted the rationale for inflation adjustments for non-post expenditure, which were accepted for the 2002 actual vacancy rate of $9.9 million; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the context of the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions of particular concern to her, or to take early action to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case, however.
“In 1968 Haiti was expressly permitted to vote after the factual requirements of article 19, paragraph 2, until the Committee on Contributions made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 contingent personnel is an integral part of the two contingents providing security at 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, air means are required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each of which will have the capability to airlift a company at any operational location.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reduce poverty and inequality and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for having managed this very difficult job.
Regrettably, the persistence of weak acts in various parts of the world, like the recent events that have taken more than 120 lives, serve as a reminder to us, however abhorrent and very abnormal, that it is now a serious global problem and that greater and more effective international cooperation is urgently needed.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community recognizes the magnitude of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priority priorities and the way Canada can help as donors and non-Council members.
This situation also makes it clear once again that political considerations of the parties may also be a motivation to propose measures that have a positive or negative impact on local governments.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
• Coordination with relevant bodies to facilitate research on issues raised and referred directly to them and on follow-up to their references;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy relevance, prospects (coordinator: United Kingdom National Statistics Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for reconstruction and development in Djibouti
However, the overwhelming majority of States implementing EU Directive do not have statutory rules on the time of receipt of data messages, but some have established standards on how the traditional rules that have been issued have been diverted to the electronic environment.
It would be necessary to clarify whether the server entering the supplier was sufficient to determine whether the message had been received or whether the data message would be actually retrieved by the addressee at its computer terminal.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “do not explicitly address the issue of liability for possible malfunctions in information systems.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, inter alia, supported the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to declare 26 April the International Day for the Remembrance of the Victims of Radiological Accidents and Disasters.
I now have the honour to request the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding of certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Anti-claims
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provide that all individuals referred to in both articles are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds provided by the UNFCCC Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to fund participation at COP 8.
... Social activity is a continuous process to create the world.
• Government services;
Finally, I would like to urge the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement, which calls for the establishment of a national human rights observation post and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in order to ensure that the voices of the victims are given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will visit the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role MONUC plays in human rights issues when working together with the parties to establish a transitional Government?
Whatever progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees have lived in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the President on the consultations and make conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions, considered the request of the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in coordination with the secretariats of the relevant institutional stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanism of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination to prepare, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and on the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, with a view to highlighting the progress made in all areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should be allocated no less than two permanent seats, which are allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I would like to draw particular attention to the latest UNRWA urgent appeal calling for significant services for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of the constraints on the calculation of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana and for its generous provision of such facilities;
In addition, the occupying forces killed a eight-year-old Palestinian boy, Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, and injured his six-year-old brother, Ala, who was playing on the outskirts of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, lower than approved levels of recruitment occurred at higher levels.
Prior to the development of the workplan, the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the actual implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Does extradition and mutual assistance be subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to engage non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society throughout the country before submitting its second periodic report.
The Ministry of the Interior is responsible for taking decisions to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective share of Member States in this balance shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the above-mentioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have undertaken timely intervention to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 September, some United States airlines have adopted discriminatory measures against Arabs, whether or not the United States, and Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen as neutral.
Question C: Whether to apply to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received significant information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman, Afsheen Musarat.
Through that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened system of inspections aimed at completing the disarmament process on a comprehensive and nuclear basis.
The people and Government of Iran, first of all, are concerned that, once war is taking place, there will no doubt be a humanitarian disaster on the part of the Iraqi people, let alone the exodus of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to stress once again that the decision of the international community to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction, as contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), must not be limited to Iraq.
Enforcement against trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing gender bias and corruption practices of the relevant professional.
The Commission first focused on the composition, working methods, intersessional work and reporting formats of the members of the Commission and adopted its terms of reference, as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in resolving international disputes by using all the peaceful means we possess and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led the Organization — which are more relevant in the current impasse.
In this process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism, but also strengthened our ability to carry out important tasks — that is to save our world from the scourge of war.
Does this represent the allegations made by the United States of America at the previous meeting — or the fact that many countries around the world do not agree with the United States — about the concept of Iraq's active cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can contribute to the promotion and promotion of South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical team
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81, entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, 3 Professional and 8 General Service.
Table 19 Breakdown of fees for consultants and custodians
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid a negative impact on the Fund's work and project redesign.
The seventh session of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues (22-24 January 2003) decided to hold an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It is particularly important to find a balance between the budget and other considerations.
Ms. Ora Emita Grad Villas (Panama)
Concerned about the limited number of safe and cost-effective mine detection and mine clearance equipment, as well as the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, while recognizing the need to promote more and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to that end,
Date of insertion
For the full text of the comments, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Deeply condemning the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalling the Council's unequivocal condemnation of those activities as one of the major factors contributing to the perpetuation of the conflict, and reaffirming the need to put an end to those activities and, if necessary, to exert the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved,
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world commodity exports has fallen from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Governing Council decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Board took note of the preliminary announcement made by Colombia regarding its intention to host the eleventh session of the UNIDO Conference at Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and shares information on lessons learned, available expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and problems among States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations based on equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all the laws, principles and guidelines that govern international relations in the field of global trade and intend to increase extensive commercial and economic exchanges between States.
All these areas have been severely affected by the embargo because, despite many constraints, such as education and culture have always been the priority areas for Cuban public spending.
Despite material resources, Cubans continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through naval and air strikes.
Article 6 of the 1998 Banking Agency Act contains preventive measures for use by the Government, which provides for the limitation of the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Namibian Constitution, the authorization to intervene in the privacy of the family, letter or communication of any person, in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the 1977 Code of Criminal Procedure, and the authorization to enter any premises or search any person.
Accordingly, the net claimed amount for 332 claims settled in part one of the sixteenth instalment was USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
