Let me emphasize that we will continue to cooperate with them on their own initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007 had been agreed at COP 7.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission any situation in which it considered reasonable grounds for believing that there was a consistent pattern of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, in any country, in particular in colonial and other dependent Territories.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include, in general, a detailed land cover database developed using the LCCS system and support data layers gathered together with dynamic map depots.
The Joint Launch Unit for Earth Observation Systems is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council for Science (ICS).
A study of 77 health programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries had used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to acknowledge Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once a suspect has been prosecuted, any material proving his guilt (e.g. a self- confessions voluntarily made by the accused to a senior police officer) must be scrutinized before being admitted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong.
(b) The Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevarra is not arbitrary in the meaning of the various principles applicable to the Working Group in the consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to that end under the auspices of the Security Council.
We are particularly concerned about raising awareness of the health of individuals, particularly members of the armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions, to raise awareness of the prevention of AIDS among peacekeepers, to establish a Special Adviser on AIDS and to revise the Code of Conduct for Peacekeepers.
During its 2003 regular session, the Commission had before it a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America alleging violations of the rules of procedure by the Indian Movement “Tupaj Amaru” during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the necessary measures shall be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests.
HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that, given the general reluctance of creditors, it would be inappropriate to allow a very minority of creditors that were not representative in the total number of creditors to determine the course of events.
The Staff College has also made further use of ICT.
As of the end of the reporting period, the College had 37 full-time staff.
IMO publication performance 45
Office of Conference Support
The report clearly shows that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other bodies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the Organization's activities.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to subsequent actions by the COP.
Statements were made by representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of the countries that joined the coalition, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the Chairs of the subsidiary bodies, the chairs of the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to promote the participation of observer organizations in the intersessional workshops.
Following the arrival of the Trial Chamber judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed notices of appeal.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The OAS States Parties undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that compensation in the amount of USD 8,439 for work performed by the claimant should be awarded in respect of the various work performed by the claimant: USD 78/90/462, USD 26/90/421, USD 27/90/461 and 28/90/495, USD 61,071, for work performed under invoices Nos. 15/90/243 and 16/90/282, USD 10077,207 and L2/900, LD90/90/282, DL90, DL9080/90, DL9080/90, DL 4808490, DL 48084 and DL.
Annex I
Mr. Staehelin (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to fill the inherent shortcomings of the two specialized tribunals, the establishment of a permanent international court was raised in the late 1940s and early 1950s in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
While we are convinced that the search for compromise should not be linked to an important international treaty, such as the weakening of the Rome Statute, we continue to believe that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and work actively to find a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, of resolution 57/63, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, is testimony to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for the immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations derives from various multilateral documents, some of which I would like to recall here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs in order to rent vehicles and premises and obtain security, which is an important source of revenue for the Somali factions.
All attempts to manage Somali fisheries have resulted in large amounts of funds falling into the private hands of the various faction leaders, in millions of dollars over the last 10 years, which have resulted in the saturation of private stocks and, to some extent, in the payment of private people and their replenishment.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge of the purpose of aiding or assisting the master of an operation or of an offender in the planning, facilitation or commission of an act, shall be punished by a specific provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the actions of the International Action Group against Money-Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for all in the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, between 0155 and 08 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew east over the sea opposite the area of the Zahrani River, then headed to the area of Al-Dher and headed towards the sea off Damur, thus violating Lebanese airspace.
- The Constitution was adopted by referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Prior to 1988, the universities and colleges of Myanmar were unable to grant a doctoral degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the coverage and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the increasing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries were still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(The top ten countries except Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
The unemployment rate is the highest for men and women in the age group 20-24.
The geographical proximity of Samoa and its good communications and transportation system make centralized services accessible.
In addition, health-care services should pay attention to the concept of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is that women become entrepreneurs, particularly in small businesses.
At present, the trend towards marriage has been changing, with the age of marriage particularly late for women, 24 years in 1991 and 27 years in 1993 for men, respectively.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey, Apia
My delegation reaffirms that any decision by the Provisional Institutions must be in strict compliance with the provisions of the resolution and the Constitutional Framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the transition process will help to establish standards that are indispensable for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help to control and improve the situation.
High centrifuges could have a lower impact on the trajectory.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure the continued implementation of the programme of work as detailed in previous relevant resolutions, in particular the holding of meetings of the international community in all regions, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of the question, and the annual training programmes for staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States transported depleted uranium ammunition from its Okinawa base to South Korea for operational deployment, and the United States issued a “mid-term report” on the re-evaluation of the “American-Say Defence Cooperation” approach in San Francisco on 8 June of the same year.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations arising from the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is one of the basic purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States of the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to adhere to all the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
A drought assessment model has been developed at the global and regional levels.
However, they are constrained by the lack of appropriate current indicators.
In the case of drought-sensitive mapping in a country or region, we favour the second approach, but serious research is required.
• Mandate 1.4: Contribute to the compilation of e-Debicki terms on desertification
Selected members for WTO
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of issues such as human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment, which should be recognized as essential for achieving all development goals.
For example, containers of transit goods destined for Central Asia must be spotted at the seaport of the transit country and then loaded on ships to ensure that no contraband goods are smuggled into the country for fear of their return.
The second could be considered for direct individual invocation (as was the case previously with the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) Prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or verbal abuse.
Salary
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Oberlandesgericht Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, such an expression must be voluntary; it falls outside the definition of the topic (more than its scope) and falls within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that, on the basis of national and regional particularities and various backgrounds, there are diverse democratic political systems and patterns of free and fair elections in the world,
According to Anice, the contract period was extended by mutual agreement without a formal extension.
With regard to interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
Similarly to the terms of payment of two contracts concluded by SEPAL, each contract was partially paid in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, its value or its existence in Iraq and Kuwait prior to 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions/analysis and valuation
Under the individual's employment contract, Montgomery is obliged to pay each employee to return from Kuwait at the end of his employment, and Montimery states that each employee has an unspecified round-trip air ticket.
Heroin is still operating at full speed.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, those problems must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant goals and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
Research has shown that migrants experience racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
Two recent missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003; from 3 to 4 February 2003, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights sent) identified a number of serious human rights violations, including mass rape of women, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Return Facility, a joint project of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing reconstruction assistance to returning individuals.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries are seeking to attract FDI because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, especially for girls and for non-formal education.
1.78 Improving the institutional capacity-building process and undertaking a series of management reforms to maximize the institutional role, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families in particularly difficult situations
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, entitled “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster begins, we will conduct the identification and verification of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work towards common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as through the formation of integrated committees by the General Assembly, the Security Council and members of the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agrees to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Agency of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works with women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as proclaimed by Act No. 55-97.
(a) To enhance the exchange of information, in particular on the activities and sources of funding of terrorist organizations and other necessary information;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, however, the Committee is concerned that not all school principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that the implementation of these reforms is not uniform in all regions, nor are there mechanisms for monitoring and evaluating their implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, with particular emphasis on children of less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account and fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention in its legislation and practice, including in the area of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children of single parents;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Act (1998), which introduced and promoted the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the replies (59 out of 104) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities sometimes participated in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
Frequently, the promise is that it will be assisted in this process, but, like the other promises made in these hollow halls, these promises are merely promises.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the noble task of maintaining peace must be based on a broad and complex concept of security.
This combination of factors often increases the demand for indoor heating and transportation, which is one of the causes of high energy use and GHG emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in GHG emissions by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as required by the guidelines.
An in-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (which was conducted by 31 March 2003) showed that progress had been made by some Parties in better estimating the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and integrating them into the forecast simulation.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation may increase or decrease by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
The quality of data is generally considered acceptable by Parties.
Details of the modalities adopted by the Parties are given in section VI.
Despite the increasing availability of technical assistance, the demand for direct United Nations observation of elections has decreased.
Particular attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the choice of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and to the countries of the region the importance of progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first time that I briefed the Council on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict as a key issue of the briefing.
Indeed, throughout his life, he is committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has consistently expressed the view that this is a pressing issue that merits in-depth discussion.
Mr. Powhar (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union deeply appreciates and fully endorses the commitment demonstrated by the Security Council to the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue for this agenda.
We must therefore continue to emphasize that, despite the eventual need for Afghan national institutions to address these problems, there is still a need for further deployment of reasonably large and capable international security forces personnel to create the necessary security environment and trust so that the Bonn process can come to a natural end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is the result of the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to briefly draw attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Group, so that the members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the delegation of Chile for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism to gradually improve this key United Nations tool.
We appreciate the notable steps taken by the Security Council and the Committee to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to forward the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was convened as part of the Netherlands' efforts to achieve an FMCT.
Languages of official documents of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is not in accordance with international law and German law and regretfully unacceptable.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to advance the peace process, and we positively evaluate the recent decision of the ECOWAS summit on the question of the Syrian Arab Republic, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the ECOWAS peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme was certified by ISO 9002, and three other outputs were being requested;
(a) Personal data to be released by law, regulation or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, while 55 per cent indicated that their statistical offices had been involved only as recipients, 11 per cent indicated that they had been involved only as donors, and 29 per cent had indicated that they were involved in international cooperation projects as donors and recipients.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universalization efforts and to accede to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
l2. Many African countries face transport problems that can be seen from African countries' freight expenditures for 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that
Ms. Moroni (San Marino): San Marino will join the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, as we did in the Third Committee.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: Statements in explanation of vote on the resolutions just adopted are being made by the representatives of those countries.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 incidents of attempted illegal border crossing, detained 28 persons and subsequently handed them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in the areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, in particular in Sector Centre, remains limited.
However, contemporary international claims practice has proven that certain organizations have been recognized as having legal standing on behalf of the entire membership of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR had a serious impact on the implementation of its strategy, since, according to paragraph 63 of the UNHCR report (A/58/12), UNHCR had only one half of the necessary funds to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 persons elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of ballot papers: 192
If the Committee or the pre-session working group considers that the information contained in the State party's reports is insufficient, the State concerned may request additional information as requested and indicate the duration of the submission.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for determining the admissibility of complaints
Filling of casual vacancies
The military leaders did not separate the combatants and reverse their integration into the units of the MLC.
The three men were later shot by Major José Zima and AFXB was critically killed.
The review determined that these functions should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services for the timely delivery of quality services, but should be accommodated in the other areas of the Office's services.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry for the commencement of the transaction, and thereafter the transaction log relating to the transaction is maintained on a secure basis.
However, as these translation services are available at much lower cost in the local market, it is not feasible to charge the full cost.
2.12 Pensions (Amendment) Act 2002
Teaching kit on “Equality”: a package for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, funding was provided for the Special Initiative for Adult Programmes Living in Poverty (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, conditions of employment, pay, promotion and vocational training.
As a result, the current right of adoption leave is 18 weeks for adoption and 8 weeks for additional (non-paid) adoption leave.
The table below shows separately the amounts allocated for capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of child-care facilities funded by this allocation.
The Ministry has also provided funding for a volunteer organization aimed at reducing violence by male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men by requiring them to recognize their own violence and to hold them accountable for their cessation.
(b) The introduction of maternity leave with pay or with comparable social benefits without loss of former employment, seniority or social benefits;
Article 18
The updated list will be sent to the central authority responsible for border control whenever the list is updated.
However, the prospects for 2003 are still influenced by uncertainties in the current global economy.
While raising the level of education and health of the population is a good goal in itself, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to chapter 40 of Agenda 215 — the unmet goals of the environmental action plan set out at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community assess the progress of some of the environmental objectives set out in the plan.
ESCAP will hold an annual meeting of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology Applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under variant B, a signature requirement may be satisfied if “data message” contains “electronic signature that is appropriate and equally reliable”.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data through a combination of national health surveys.
The Committee notes from other information provided to it that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and underexpenditures, including $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, $629,200 for alteration, renovation and construction, $528,600 for the acquisition of generators, $310,800 for health and cleaning supplies, $142,700 for public utilities and $123,000 for other projects.
An assessment of the role of microcredit as a financing alternative to high-interest loans was undertaken.
By the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal proceedings, 8 appeals against the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from those work.
In addition to these conflicts of great concern, and despite the good intentions and the adoption of various resolutions from the various platforms that began with the Millennium Summit, two major issues remain unresolved for the international community.
Mr. Towoun (Togo) (spoke in French): Once again this year, we met to assess our actions and to identify steps that could breathe new life into our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his personal concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
Reporting on exceptions based on certain predetermined criteria will certainly be more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including early warning activities in the humanitarian field, in order, inter alia, to take effective action to identify all human rights violations that result in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as provided for in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, the Organization had not changed significantly in terms of funding or other international non-governmental organizations affiliated with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs is responsible for the administration of the Vulnerable Groups Development Programme.
Various studies have been undertaken to evaluate news coverage and mass media programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender issues were taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education has once again become crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and commended by the Committee in its previous concluding observations) have been eliminated.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution as a whole, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
In this regard, the State party should take appropriate measures to inform the public about remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian populations and other members of ethnic minorities continue to suffer discrimination in practice.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land titles of indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous peoples seeking compensation for environmental damage to traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “release tenants” and recommends that the State party increase its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give more prominence to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to provide information in its next periodic report on the examination of cases of racial discrimination by these bodies.
The Committee encourages the State party to review legislation with a view to defining the scope of the concept more clearly.
Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not complied with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, either by submitting periodic reports or by submitting additional information on Bougainville as requested by the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the ethnic composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of population composition in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draw the State party's attention to the Committee's general recommendation No. 8 on self-identification of members of specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made readily available to the public at the time of their submission and that the Committee's observations on these reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would explain that.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make publicly available on their national web sites national inventory reports submitted with national inventory reports and the common reporting format, and to make their accurate web sites available on the World Wide Web;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, could be demonstrated by the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Overview Plan as a key area of activity for the creation of knowledge-based societies.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the outstanding letters from the Permanent Representative of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) To exercise the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to any other country's space launch vehicle project in order to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, bearing in mind that such programmes can be used to disguise ballistic missile programmes;
The approach of that party is likely to be an attempt to divide an international community that is fully united, determined and committed to the implementation of the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and his staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and other maintenance of office staff; supplies and supplies; and acquisition of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)), which entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Jun Yamazaki (Japan) resigned from the high longevity (Japan) until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
Pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the Assembly considered this question every two years in odd-numbered years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system that fall within its purview and its relationship with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategy and have been consolidating their functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association, a voluntary non-governmental organization, was established in 1962 as a pioneer of family planning in Kenya.
Please describe any organizational structures or mechanisms in place within your Government to detect and investigate Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban-related financial networks, or those who provide support to them or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities associated with them within your jurisdiction.
The session was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that the effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and African regional actors and organizations must also receive sustained financial assistance so that those actors and institutions can fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in African regions and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of the responding States indicated that national policies provided equal access to services for all regardless of gender, women and girls continued to face a wide range of economic, legal and social obstacles that increased their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants living with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent and by 50 per cent by 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women receive antenatal care and services that reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
For countries to sustain an effective response in the long term, strategies must be developed to build and sustain institutional capacity.
A review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that there are the following new features in the use of lessons learned from evaluations at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and in recognition of the increased responsibilities of WMO, the WMO Executive Board at its fifty-fourth session agreed to prioritize the WMO space programme.
New strategies are required to promote the availability and accessibility of data so that observing systems and programmes can be beneficial to applied meteorological and research communities in addressing global environmental problems.
As the Secretary-General's report makes clear, significant progress has been made in implementing the United Nations mandate in Timor-Leste.
These bodies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (DDA), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) At any other time during which it is involved in the performance of any activity to be carried out in the medium term in the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occurred during the period during which the performance of such activity was performed.
The second alternative was chosen and the last sentence in square brackets.
A concern raised in para. 103 of A/CN.9/526, was that subparagraph (iv) (now (d)) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any instruction that the controlling party might give to the carrier, rather than any modification of the terms of the contract of carriage, which required the parties to the contract to agree together.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group was to test and analyse the procedures used by other States in such situations.
I would like to make four points.
UNIDO should focus on the project to improve corporate social responsibility in the developing world, which would lead to a significant increase in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing a clear and realistic approach to corporate social responsibility for SMEs in the developing world by providing training and tools for SMEs to facilitate business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not been issued to date, the estimated dates for their submission and issuance are indicated.
In order to create employment opportunities and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implemented international programmes to assist countries in developing action plans for women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport to and from airports 69-70 8
He regretted that the Conference had not agreed on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, and that, once it had been reached, it would generate a income of $50 billion for poor or prosperous countries, which would help to save 144 million people around the world from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation that will maximize the use of the force of international cooperation to increase investment in the implementation of development projects and plans.
A bill on the elimination of racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination was also being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the priorities of the Department of Forestry was the implementation of the revised Forest Act (Law No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of a strategic plan of action, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officers, the formation of joint patrols and the establishment of national forestry sector observatories to improve the management of natural heritage and the conservation of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level, within their mandates and work, and in cooperation with States, to give due consideration to the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level;
She also welcomed the Joint Ministerial Statement issued following the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts undertaken to implement the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she highlighted the relevant recommendations of ministers on national drug control strategies and corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
Complaints
Like the previous speaker, she expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to expedite the full implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification was also needed on the recommendation that no final performance report (para.
His delegation wished to see the technical analysis by which the Inspector had made the recommendation and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse it.
(b) Integrate user groups into the development and implementation of management plans strategy under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau would comprise five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged the developed countries to increase their share of gross national product for official development assistance (ODA), to reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries so that they could integrate into the international economy and society, benefit from globalization and bridge the gap with the developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, relations between the two sides should be strengthened on a stable basis, with the granting of observer status to the Community in the General Assembly of the United Nations contributing to that objective, strengthening cooperation between the two sides and enhancing their capacity to guarantee world peace and regional security.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The relevant Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller has just reminded the Committee that it has received comprehensive written clarifications at various informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains extensive information on the legal provisions in force since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Both reports and replies are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to conduct a full investigation into the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995 and to prosecute and punish the responsible person, to grant the complainant redress, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days of the date of the transmittal of the present decision, of the steps it has taken with respect to the above observations.
His right foot was seriously wounded because he was tortured in the face of a stick that collided his right foot.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that, at the beginning of the report, it is clear that the report does not determine whether the complainant would be at risk because of his escape, since the organization is unable to carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the State party has violated its obligation under article 3 of the Convention to expel or return the complainant to another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party submits that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons do not prove systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to provide its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide discusses the relative applicability of various aspects of insolvency law in such cases.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks in the United States of America on 11 September 2001, took the opportunity to meet in New York with the President of the United States, George Bush, to express that position in person, stressing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor could have protected itself by verifying whether the grantor took possession of the encumbered assets when the secured creditor obtained its security right.
An alternative or complementary approach would be to require the identification of secured creditors that assign the person to whom the person has assigned the act of assignment to be included in the list of assignees on the registered notice so as to avoid a situation that belongs to the intervening third-party creditors.
By limiting the level of detail of information on the relationship between the parties in the public records, the notice-based registration system has enhanced the confidentiality of the relationship with the secured creditor.
However, by transferring legal control over the performance of third-party obligations owed to the secured creditor, it could also be achieved by a functionally equivalent to a waiver of possession.
The consultants worked on the drafting of the guide with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the urgent need of the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, to eliminate deprivation and human rights violations,
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, women in institutions or in detention, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly targeted or vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should commit themselves to a global security environment of cooperation, mutual trust and universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the drivers of the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons by some States.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than goal-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewsswire, 18 December 2002.
The extensive information provided by Iraq was also thoroughly reviewed, not only during the reporting period.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between States through negotiations was an accepted principle of the international community and reflected the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue for a peaceful and just solution to the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Please circulate this reply* as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of the item under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of implementing the recommendation to replace 132 computers.
FCCC/SBI/2006/L.xx
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that least developed countries that had managed to diversify their exports into products and/or services had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, demonstrating the link between the level of poverty in one country and its ability to diversify production structures, and stressed the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Board adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress made in the past year, the Special Rapporteur has outlined the continuing concerns, while at the same time outlining the tasks to be implemented.
In 2003, more than 3 million people died from HIV/AIDS worldwide, and an estimated 5 million people were infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) virus, reaching 40 million people worldwide.
Although HIV/AIDS was initially considered primarily a health problem, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to the recognition that many factors associated with women's subordination increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable judicial system.
The events of January 2003 placed a huge burden on the emerging defence and police forces of Timor-Leste, causing procedural violations of the law and constituting human rights violations.
The view was also expressed that the report, in its analysis, should have been more appropriately reflected in the core strategy for the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002 and in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were the comprehensive framework at the global and national levels that would facilitate joint efforts by countries and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Board: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 shows a decrease in the budget resulting from the implementation of the Advisory Committee's recommendations on non-post objects of expenditure (including the Committee's recommendations on posts and the impact of its recommendations on computer replacement cycles on furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for the provision of support to the Security Council be reviewed in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the streamlining of those arrangements and, where appropriate, the consolidation of support capacities to improve the efficiency of activities and the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the level of information technology resources currently proposed for redeployment in 2002-2003 amounts to $480,600 (without recosting) and $113,800 for expansion (see paras. 108-113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Committee felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and discussing the programme of meetings and publications with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes the recovery of approximately $2 million (unrecovered).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established, replacing the human rights sector that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country national AIDS programme and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, with regard to terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica or where such acts have not been carried out, articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code provide for legal penalties for the creation of a State or an international organization for terrorist activities.
In this regard, the Act intends to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code relating to illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, the legal status of the Foundation is established by Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, and article 1 provides for the recognition of “the proper legal personality of the Foundation, such as the unprofitable entity of the public service, the deployment of fixed assets for the purpose of implementing or facilitating education, charitable, literary, scientific activities and all activities for the promotion of social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to intensify its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the March 2003 meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the camps and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme of work of the Special Committee for 2004-2005 based on the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had resulted in an increase in migration to coca-growing areas, while, in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug laboratories tended to move from rural to suburban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new patterns of drug abuse and substances used” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomon Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• Allow access to all documents considered relevant to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, communication between governmental and executive organizations, minutes of meetings and computer files) and allow for the adoption of measures for proper forensic analysis in the field or elsewhere (e.g. removal, photocopying).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000, Adrien Mundo Busyo, Thomas Ostudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session) 228
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Zambia ruled that there were no grounds for his continued detention.
3.2 The author also argues that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant has been violated because criminal proceedings have continued for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request concerning the date on which the author's son was executed and the exact time the State party was informed of the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim in his own name, her adult daughter and his grandchildren, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent that, in the absence of authorization, the parties must show convincing reasons for the communication to be sent on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Court granted the Minister's appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the Court of Appeal's decision in the “a very difficult case”, although “contentious”, was frank in evidence and weighed against each other properly.
The State party adds that it is clear that the risk of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequence of the imminent return of a person is that his or her rights may be violated.
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrien Mundo Busyo, Thomas Ostudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matuba et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo* (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)
For this reason, you are not entitled to claim a pension under this Act.”
Military officers in this area during 1990-1991 were Amarasinghe, and shortly thereafter died from a terrorist attack.
Consequently, the State party provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the existence of the alleged age-based discrimination legislation as a response to the findings of the PRC in the author's case.
The body of the Convention that authorizes `acceptance and consideration' of a communication is the Committee, not [the Committee].
The facts as submitted by the author 3
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that these arguments were not refuted by the State party in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail to Cabal, but on 2 August 2001 the bail order was set aside on appeal.
The Melbourne Centre was set up in 1989 for the detention of all detainees, but after six weeks of the opening, the new detainees must be kept in the Coburg reception centre.
Subsequently, he and the other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education laws (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (Presidential Decree on Curriculum Materials) prohibit the free publication of textbooks in secondary schools.
3.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself a violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi have been guaranteed through the ferry regime if sufficient grazing rights were not previously established in reindeer grazing areas.
On 4 February 2000, the Commissions reached an agreement to recommend to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, so it was not possible to see whether the Supreme Court's conclusion in the Aursunden case of 1997 that the Supreme Court had not prejudiced the Sámi.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M and on 7 February 1997, he was detained pending trial.
2.3 According to the author, the UNPA's confirmed receipts show that the date of delivery of the application to the Court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day on which the application could be made.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had committed the alleged offence and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, suspended his sentence and ordered him to pay compensation to the complainant in the amount of 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on this request, but on the basis of the State party, it has reasonable expectations of success because, in domestic law, negligence is always linked to the illegal administrative decision, and the Government is subject to legal responsibility (Driancourt Rec., 26 January 1973, p. 77).
In this connection, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that “the authors no longer want to lose sight and can give greater consideration to their current position, such as the place of their victims in his life, because of the treatment of the Clorazil drug” and that “the possibility of recidivism and harm to society of the authors will be small and negligible” and “Clorazil treatment is very successful”.
The authors draw attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision in Griffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sofia and Bulgarian Electricity Company, International Permanent Court, Judgment Series, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The substantive cooperation required requires, first and foremost, that Iraq fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the items and activities for destruction, or to present evidence to facilitate the conclusion that no proscribed items or activities have been present.
Our Iraqi counterparts prefer to say that there are no prohibited items and that, if there is evidence to the contrary, they should be regarded as innocent.
A notable example is Iraq's declaration regarding HMX, which was seized in Iraq by the IAEA at the end of 1998, that some of the HMX, which had been supplied to cement plants as industrial mining explosives.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the established practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate [in the capacity of observer] in [the activities of the ad hoc expert group]/[and continue to participate in the activities during the final [three]/two] days of the meeting.
Currently, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be highly moderate.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is essential for human development as a whole.
If the State does not guarantee its right to exist, these communities will not be able to realize the right to cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution”.
Other enterprises prefer to stop, cancel projects or invest when faced with popular protest and political resistance, or considering that the cost of engaging in sustainable development centred on human rights is too expensive.
In such cases, therefore, article 25 of the Money-Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure could also be used to freeze without delay funds related to terrorist or terrorist acts.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the related statements, credentials had been received from 40 States at the meeting of the Credentials Committee in the form prescribed in rule 24 of the rules of procedure for representatives to the second session of the Assembly of States Parties, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Marshall Islands, Mauritius, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Poland, Norway, Poland, Poland, Slovakia, Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Slovenia, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Korea, Slovakia, Slovenia, the United Republic of the United Republic of the United Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Slovenia, the United Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Great Britain and the United Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Korea, Slovakia, the United Republic of Great Britain and the United Republic of Korea, the United Republic of America.
English
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Law on Non-Governmental Organizations (voluntary associations and funds) provides that foreigners and stateless persons may participate in the activities of non-governmental organizations in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Support for private initiatives in agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone has the right to participate freely in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific progress and the benefits resulting therefrom;
According to the Fund, projects must be managed by women, and they must be innovative and not competitive with other similar enterprises in the same area.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavia-Baltic Training Platform for Cultural Management (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management Centres (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some e-business processes of potential interest to countries (OECD 2003) have been identified and some definitions have been developed:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technology surveys and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the consideration of the work of the Commission.
The Chairman: The Committee will now proceed to take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, under cluster 9, entitled “Disarmament and international security issues”.
Step 3: fissile material cut-off treaty negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance it needs to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
No legislative provision has been made for crimes that contain racist elements to be identified as crimes motivated by racism or for the courts to take into account the legislative provisions of racist motives when deciding on such crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the introduction of strategies aimed at strengthening the right of Roma children to health-care services and their integration into education (for example, through health and education intermediaries and in Roma languages).
A special review on gender equality recommended the development of a policy for mainstreaming gender equality in the country and recommended piloting such a policy in selected projects.
Most of them have been treated at the primary level or in the hospital's emergency wards.
Labour laws recognize trade unions of single enterprises, multi-enterprise unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary workers' unions.
If a female worker is sick after childbirth, the duration of the post-natal leave shall be extended by the department providing preventive or curative treatment.
Following the introduction of the 800-digit programme, a number of tasks and actions have been undertaken, and they have been continually assessed, expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue fever was also included in the compulsory list of diseases.
This support and other forms of support and rewards resulted in an increase of 278,611 registered students in the subsidized sector between 1994 and 1998, representing an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools also benefit from being the focus of the National Programme of Assistance.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of ancillary meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional groups and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of academic and research communities in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including low school enrolment, achievement and completion rates for students throughout compulsory and non-coercive education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group of the General Assembly on the integrated follow-up to the United Nations Conference to coordinate and coordinate the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way for the annual meeting of the States Parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes that developing and least developed countries need more technical assistance and capacity-building support in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the impact of enhanced multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives, as well as human and institutional development, and in this context commits them to working with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this Instrument,
Warning and risk education should be given to affected communities as early as possible.
Most border checkpoints have access to such information via satellite connections.
The signing of the present document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations means agreeing to the provisions of this plan.
Between 1990 and 1999, the index of primary school-age enrolment in developing countries rose from 0.87 to 0.92 in terms of gross enrolment, and the index of sex in secondary school enrolment rose from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a certain age, but the evidence discussed in the present report concerns only adults.
In developing countries, differences in health knowledge and behaviour are the root causes of disparities in the level of education with regard to infant mortality.
e Data refer to students (students), excluding students (pre-university students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents for the organization of the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as ad hoc bodies and special sessions in the areas of disarmament, decolonization, economic and social affairs and related fields organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and the final agenda and annotations, the supplementary list of items, the memorandum by the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly, the General Committee, the reports of the General Committee to the General Committee to the General Committee to the General Committee to the General Committee to the General Assembly, the General Committee to the General Committee to the General Assembly, the General Committee to the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Committee on the status of work of the status of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report on the status of the General Committee on the status of work of the status of the status of the General Assembly, the report on the status of the status of the status of the status of the report on the status of the General Assembly, the status of documentation of documentation of the status of documents, the report on the
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the provision and editing function of reference information to minimize delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All of these actions are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which state the illegal nature of these acts and demand that Israel withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities ignore them.
My delegation also wishes to thank the United Nations for its commendable action to mitigate the effects of natural disasters on human society through the coordinated efforts of the international community and, in that process, to pay special attention to the needs of developing countries.
The special session on children provided us with an opportunity not only to review the progress made since 1990, but also to make the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and newborn mortality, and child malnutrition.
What has been the success of the 500 million children still living in extreme poverty; 100 million children out of school; more children are under-educated; and about 150 million children in developing countries suffer from malnutrition and 11 million children under five years of age die each year from preventable diseases?
The action plan is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts at the Professional level for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report on its mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Panel of Experts
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, the Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial spheres are closely linked to the realization of the right to development, stresses in this regard the need to broaden the base of international decision-making on development issues, fill organizational gaps and strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and underlines the importance of increased and stronger participation of developing countries and countries with economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including by taking positive measures in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned about violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendations
In addition, linkages are becoming more closely connected, and more freight forwarders are now seeking to establish links with shipping or other transport companies.
E. Forthcoming activities: implications for trade facilitation
Article 14, Part III, of the Criminal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be in force whenever it is committed against the public on board an aircraft or ship flying the flag or manifest emblem of the Republic of Tajikistan and legally navigating.
Does any relevant bilateral treaty to which Tajikistan is a party make it an extraditable offence under the relevant international conventions and protocols?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio Arias
The required investments may include specific and specific assets, which generate side costs and expand transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia obliges all State bodies, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to cooperate in the fight against kidnapping.
The members called on both sides to cooperate fully with MONUC and the third-party verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll
As a result of the overlap in the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Treasury Division, the division of financial responsibility between the two departments has increased coordination difficulties.
Considering that home-owned radios do not indicate that they can be used for women in the family, gender-disaggregated statistics on the use of radios will also be important.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are one of the objectives sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because of these, and I can say that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey if it is taken in a democratic manner and with the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that even the latest measures introduced at the end of the 1990s may not meet the Kyoto target.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and affirms the important benefits that encourage and develop international contacts and cooperation in the cultural field;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibilities and circumstances of those who were often called “non-State actors” should be reviewed.
However, some delegations were of the view that special treatment should be allowed for perpetrators who agreed to provide information that would help to determine the truth.
In contrast, in 2000, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come soon, with the specific efforts of this Committee and other multilateral frameworks, with full cooperation, particularly through the full political will and demonstrated national priorities of capitals around the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the Monitoring Group's report contained a worrying fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As soon as discussion of an item is concluded, the next item will be discussed immediately if time permits.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be held in public unless the President decides that exceptional circumstances require a private meeting.
It is clear that there can be no real lasting peace in the Middle East without resolving Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on the positive developments in the overall security situation and the engagement of the international community.
Mr. Vasiliev (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us an opportunity to hear such excellent briefings by Ambassador West, Ambassador Browne and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Use best medical findings to improve treatment programmes through careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by the premiums of field staff, the related contributions of UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the changing workload of missions, and that the Department agree with the Board's recommendation.
d Under the terms of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount assessed on Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was reduced by $18,068,667, representing a deduction of $12,488,667 from unencumbered balances and $5,580,000 from other income.
In observance of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their determined work, in close coordination in this regard, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue reforming its security institutions, while remaining convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating the entry of alternative development products into international markets,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge for 2002 was to consolidate the fragile foundations of peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States and States that possess nuclear weapons is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of forests, resulting in increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 in recognition of the gravity of the conflict at a time when complaints of mercenaries of different nationalities were received on various fronts.
The discussion at the second meeting of experts on the legal definition of mercenaries also expressed the need to modify the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals concerning Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If it is further assumed that 30 per cent of the investment teams cooperate in reinsurance, requiring commercial lenders to cover 50 per cent of the total risk, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs are covered by the initial payments of project sponsors or beneficiaries, the value of investments supported by a $200 million contribution may be as high as $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991 on the Bamako Convention on the Ban on the Importation of Hazardous Wastes into Africa and on the Control of Their Transboundary Movements in Africa;
At the Ministerial International Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation, held in Almaty, Kazakhstan (August), the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “The challenges and opportunities for further improvement of transport systems and economic development in landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8), and provided an additional elaboration on trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops corresponding to the WTO regional workshops on trade and environment.
These items are either of high value or of an extraordinary nature (“value items”).
Today, let us unite to lift the world out of the chains of inhuman poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all countries, big and small, adhere to the Charter of the United Nations.
Will we, as debtor countries, be self-sustaining in poverty?
We are convinced that these modest reforms will give greater interest to all stakeholders in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also facilitate a full debate on the critical issues that will make it easier to implement the decisions taken.
Programme and budgets, 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and bodies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular in support of developing countries and in particular the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and also asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a Governing Council, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both indicate the path to peace, when all people get freedom, that is to come.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The country's political system is a mixed presidential system with certain features of the parliamentary system, unlike a purely presidential system.
In general, there are two situations in which violations and compensation are made.
[Original: French]
Paragraphs Page
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri brigade consists of a authorized strength of 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and support units.
Following this, MONUC undertook a number of operations to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain persons suspected of having hidden weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess previously inaccessible areas.
The report sets out, inter alia, a number of issues for action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with the words “best practices in the implementation of the Department's annual programme impact review”.
In the objective, replace the words “as guided by the Millennium Declaration” with the words “to guide the priorities of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration)”.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and in collaboration with all Member States and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize conferences, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade, to be coordinated by OHCHR;
Discrimination against persons who have completed their sentences
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems supplier entities, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure safe and seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility to identify strategic ways in which the participatory process of national forest programmes could be strengthened and partnerships for action developed.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other relevant members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the ongoing peace process and achieve lasting and lasting peace.
He noted the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial measures taken to strengthen the role of civil society in the rebel-dominated southern Sudan.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Mr. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-3973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
Dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society are essential in this process.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session of 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus1 also introduced, on behalf of Kenya1 and Yemen,1 a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements was transformed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued the debate on the annual declarations and advance notification of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles and the improvement of quality.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to offer courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civic affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia is a fitting illustration of the importance of justice in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department on terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
With regard to the Tribunal, it will be represented at United Nations Headquarters, upon request, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To enhance dialogue with the major groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to involve these groups in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of policy makers has been supported so that their policies and plans take into account the social aspects of water management, energy and the environment.
Performance measures
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of the Member States concerned, in the timely provision of disaster relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association for Volunteerism also has a volunteer liaison representative who attends all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submits periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association for Volunteerism and communications on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which will be rigorously followed up and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed in the name of counter-terrorism and that the fight against terrorism was becoming a pretext for the torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, ECOWAS and French forces observed armed elements attempting to cross the ceasefire line, as well as the serious consequences that may be incurred.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent relatives: 27.2 per cent friends: 57.8 per cent peer, or person with a working relationship: 52.7 per cent himself (short information): 25.0 per cent strangers: 1.7 per cent other: 0.6 per cent
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons as a group are not inherently vulnerable, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the physical, social and economic environment under their control, thereby increasing their risk.
Different groups specifically expressed their common interest in different ways, but they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprives them of their right to speak and rights.
Numerous families have spawned their homes because of the cost of medical treatment and loss of income for members of the infected family.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations entirely from the perspective of international law.
The Commission had correctly equated international organizations with intergovernmental organizations and, even in cases where the scope of the draft articles might be unduly restrictive, wished to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
(a) States have the primary responsibility for the protection of refugees and other persons under UNHCR responsibility;
In view of the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassess the status of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Movement for Democracy and Justice in Chad and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken in the design of super-priority for the financing of purchase money is whether that priority should be extended only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the acquisition of the goods.
The advantage of establishing such preferential claims could be to promote social objectives.
For creditors, clear and predictable priority rules and effective mechanisms for identifying and determining priority in the provision of credit are as important as the details of the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, the inspection of all goods entering or exported from Somalia to neighbouring countries will require considerable human and sophisticated inspection equipment, which is not available in most countries of the region.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of cargo.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that the Office of the Special Representative should be supported through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the voting and said that delegations had come together to change their thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Discrimination is defined in article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution as: “ `discrimination' manifestations mean differential treatment of different persons, depending solely or primarily on the race, place of origin, political opinion, colour, creed or sex to which they belong, one of whom is subject to various restrictions or restrictions, while the other group of persons is not subject to any restrictions or restrictions, and they enjoy the privileges or preferences that the former cannot enjoy.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to non-discrimination and equal access to these services.
The placement services are provided by the company headquarters and the regional service centre (including the brokerage centre in Gozo).
Since the rules applicable in each category differ, the Regulations also distinguish between “child”, “young people” and “young people”.
As of October 2000, 323 children lived in institutions, of which 173 were boys and 150 girls.
The list of cases is classified according to the location of the properties, with a total of 68 such areas.
The provision of a camera can only be granted in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are monitored at antenatal clinics in maternity hospitals.
Given the small size of the Maltese Islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A mentor scheme and partial support were also provided for special-need students.
Malta is in favour of considering the concept of culture as an expression of broad personal, social and economic values.
The document considers these creative activities as a fundamental activity to ensure the sustainable development of the country, because it has the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Rental and Marketing Circular issued by the Housing Authority
Despite the major efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other problems continue to hinder African societies from achieving sustainable development.
I am thinking in particular of the issues of finance, debt, market access and transfer of technology and experience.
The importance of trade in the development of the country will not be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of accredited associations.
It is important to reaffirm the right of all persons with disabilities to protection from discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of their human rights and that “any violation of the fundamental principle of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and constitutes a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities”;
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the French-German non-paper and for the mandate to negotiate a comprehensive convention on the one hand, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes and, on the other hand, the attempt to regulate other forms of cloning, namely, the option of future States parties, or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, or the regulation of them through domestic legislation.
Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and in the absence of objection, I shall invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council in due course.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Iraqi Government to take the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to stand ahead in predicting possible crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism and aggressive separatism are often intertwined, threatening the foundations of the international system.
This month marks two and a half years of crisis in Israel and the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — a two-and-a-half-year period of insecurity, political deadlock and economic destruction.
My delegation will therefore make its best contribution to the continued efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who fought for justice, such as the ban on the United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for national independence, were persecuted.
He will clarify and elaborate on this approach and the necessary integration of human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The situation with regard to employment and unemployment has deteriorated in almost all countries of the region, despite the fact that, to date, the most serious situation has been in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have experienced a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions in the discussion of scientific facts.
The dedicated organizational and external resources are the main sources of funding for most assessments.
The process of making the results relevant scientific policy is as important as the process of data collection (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/MarineAssessment/reports/Iceand-proposal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in the multilateral discussions of the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Cuba case study.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to address this issue annually to troop-contributing countries.
For the answer to this question, see the answer to paragraphs 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and settlements have been infiltrated by armed elements and refugees have been intercepted, denied access or forced repatriation and have been denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Furthermore, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner had decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, and burden-sharing was a central theme of the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, a projectile opened fire at the United Nations aircraft in Baldere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report showed that both Brazilian and non-governmental organizations had participated in the process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Brazilian Government or the National Assembly.
Students prefer religious classes, and science and mathematics are less popular.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends awards of compensation in respect of this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis placed by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges of the Barents Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its effects on the marine environment, resulting changes that affect the productivity, growth and mortality of fish stocks; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals gathered in the Arctic environment, although their sources are dispersed elsewhere; (iii) oil exploitation, the need for industrial development and conservation fisheries and the protection of the clean environment; and (iv) the possibility of increasing sea-borne diseases from western Europe, which could be expected to western Europe and western Europe from 1986 to western Europe.
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing in areas beyond national jurisdiction, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping, as well as the effects of climate change, posed a real and continuing threat to the Arctic marine ecosystem.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to develop partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to extend the voice of the United Nations to every corner of the world;
The programme agrees with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring that entrepreneurs need support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanne Ingénieurs du monde
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitriu (Romania): Mr. President, since this is the first time we are taking the floor during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the modalities of verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach have been developed and widely discussed.
Since 1987, 2,450 Palestinian homes have been demolished in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) because of the lack of prior building permits, resulting in the loss of 16,700 Palestinians' homes.
Its portfolio currently has approximately 100 loans with insurance value of over $5 million; and $3 million for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The occupied Palestinian territories will benefit from and build on the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over 10,000 students received scholarships from Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China during the same period.
According to the 1995 census, of the population aged 15 and over, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men had completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men had completed high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8, the number of provincial hospitals from 12 to 18, district hospitals from 96 to 131 and health centres from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Union will also work with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative ways of providing counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
Men and women have the same curricula, and children play football, volleyball, tennis and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous youth have taken note of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the first meeting of States parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey declared its intention to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also served to define and clarify the different aspects of the issue.
Everyone knows, however, how much they can cause if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We are convinced that we are only beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supported the Secretary-General's efforts to modernize the human rights treaty system, particularly with regard to reporting requirements, which placed an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Political — Military aspects of security”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies shall take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the type of principal legal systems.
In the first phase of its work, the Committee has focused on ensuring that States have legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they have taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they have in place effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative includes a steering group of target countries, donor countries and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services play an increasingly important role, first and foremost as a factor in promoting and implementing these goals and, second, as indicators of social and economic sustainability in society.
In order to make progress, we need frank dialogue and concrete proposals.
Mr. Tavora (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the following Pacific Islands Forum members that are members of the United Nations: Australia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my own country, Fiji.
Individual committees can also play an important role in discussions in a bottom-up and bottom-up manner.
It was stated that a proposal that she had submitted to the National Congress Sub-Committee on Fund-raising and the Senate Finance Committee during the first session of the National Assembly would modify article 956 of the Internal Revenue Act and, importantly, article 936 of the Federal Government's pre-empt tax law.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and were of the view that the report's recommendations were acceptable in principle.
In order to gain a better understanding of the barriers to the receipt of atmospheric and hydrological network data in the global data centre, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address them for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in buying crude oil from Kazakhstan and had signed an agreement with that country in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the development of oil resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that international treaties are superior to Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on free access to information sets out the conditions relating to the right to free access to information and sets basic requirements for the provision of information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent WFP/FAO reports that reconstruction projects increased rice yields by 12 per cent in 2003, offset in part by a sharp decline in maize production due to the drought of last year.
Integrated Management of Childhood Illness Programme, implemented under the Health Strategy of the Ministry of Health for children aged one to five.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste strengthened cooperation in all areas of education and science.
Legislation based on this policy document will be introduced to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen the capacity of the national police and public administration, with full respect for the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was reinstated by using the wording used in the Secretariat proposal (former variant 1 (4)(b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74, reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the absence of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China at the current meeting was an important signal, and he therefore urged all Member States opposed to the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
As a result of the increased experience with the use of the procurement card and the use of the PaymentNet software, the limit has been increased to $2,500 for a single transaction for all cardholders.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-polluting energy source is a key factor in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Tele-cooperation and communication between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
WTO World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is retained by the administrative management of ODS.
Changes to the programme narrative of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-20051 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3 and further changes to the narrative
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
Programme-related international organizations usually consider statistics to be a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June of this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts on a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively committed in the Conference on Disarmament to seeking consensus for the negotiation of a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, based on the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards achieving the above objectives can be summarized as follows: encouraging the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East; upholding the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and freeing the Middle East region from weapons of mass destruction; recommending practical measures to reduce tension and build confidence and control of the arms race in the Middle East region under the auspices of the United Nations; acceding to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons by all States in the Middle East; placing all nuclear-related regions of the Middle East; placing all States parties to the Middle East; placing all nuclear-related nuclear-proliferation of the Middle East; placing all nuclear-weapon States in the Middle East; placing all nuclear-weapon States in the region of the Middle East; placing all their nuclear-related zones; placing all their nuclear facilities under International Atomic Energy; strengthening of the Middle East; placing all nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related nuclear-related safeguards; strengthening of the Middle East; strengthening of the Middle East; strengthening of the Middle East; strengthening of the region; strengthening cooperation and security measures; strengthening cooperation and security measures; strengthening of the
My delegation recognizes this tragic situation and reiterates in this context the appeal of President Olusegun Obasanjo for the international community to work towards the conclusion of a legally binding international instrument to regulate the supply of such weapons to non-State actors during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “whistle-blower” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about violence and discrimination resulting from religious intolerance against many women,
Such analyses must be carried out with the direct involvement of the agencies and programmes concerned.
If specific deficiencies in the publication programme were identified, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach cannot be regarded as a reform, but can only be seen as the abolition of the Commission's mandate and objectives and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre, as necessary.
(a) The legal representative on matters related to the Centre shall be responsible for the administration and operation of the Centre;
Uruguay had made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the conflict zone and had participated in more than 20 meetings for that purpose since 1952.
Like many countries on our continent, Ethiopia has suffered for too long because of conflicts and wars and their consequences, and in this regard it may suffer more than others.
The project against the abduction of children was reportedly another important UNICEF activity in the Sudan, together with the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and emphasized the need for programme managers of the section to comply with regulations 5.6 and 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we do so, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform objectives, not to mention the promotion of the objective of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy, adopted in July 2000, provides for positive action to increase the number of women representatives of the Government's legislation and executive bodies and political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 status assessment and analysis.
14.5 Women in rural areas and the use of family planning methods
In a statement to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The aforementioned resolution affirms the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
The pattern that I had identified in my previous report remained unchanged, namely that aircraft often headed to the sea off and then entered Lebanese airspace from the north of the UNIFIL area of operation, thereby avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the renovation of premises should facilitate access to the buildings.
The report also discussed trends in the range and methods of contraceptive use among married and cohabitating women in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
Despite the strong commitment of the international community to the survival of mankind, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than 1 billion people in the world were still suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change undermined stability in many countries, that millions of children continued to die as a result of lack of access to drinking water and sanitation, that disease continued to cause thousands of deaths, that the gap between rich and poor continued to widen, and that unsustainable patterns of production and consumption persisted.
Other matters
Recalling the resolve of Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among all people in all societies,
This trend confirms the declining trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), in accordance with existing legislative mandates, the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission has been prepared.
The debate demonstrated that while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, much remained to be done to address the main problems in the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salinity and the reduction of nitrogen contamination of groundwater have increased.
By commemorating the World Day, support for the Convention could be renewed and experience and knowledge-sharing promoted.
When travel is not required to leave the home for overnight stay, if the trip is less than ten hours, the allowance shall not be paid, and if the trip is 10 hours or more, 40 per cent of the allowance shall be paid.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covered a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed sending a delegation to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat as an indication of the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to renew the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular by implementing temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to realize the right of women to participate in all areas of public life, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage, inter alia, girls and boys to make multiple educational choices, inter alia through counselling, to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that a number of recent changes in British Colombia have had a disproportionately negative impact on women, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Law on the Governance of Indigenous Peoples”, currently under discussion, does not address discriminatory legal provisions still retained in other laws, including the rights to matrimonial property, identity and family belonging that are contrary to the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and welcomes in this regard the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Press Fund has established two awards, one of the “best reporting awards” for women journalists and one of the “best gender-sensitive” awards for male journalists or journalists.
Research will be undertaken in the field of media and peace, with special attention to the Latin American and African region.
In December 2001, a meeting with international non-governmental organizations maintaining a formal relationship with UNESCO adopted the Plan of Action of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, in collaboration with the UNESCO Culture for Peace and Reconciliation Unit, a project entitled “A Heritage and a Culture of Peace” was launched in December 2002 to identify a relics or signs in the local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation and to give greater attention to the concept of a culture of peace among the local population and the general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic features of the various stages of the value chain.
The Controller participated in the NGO ADB Forum and the ADB Annual Meeting, organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of using the model of civil society for successful transformation of prostitutes (especially taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the sole attribute of women and should in fact be a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
The elimination of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons in the world is a long-term objective of the United Nations.
Increased commitment to troop provision is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peacebuilding without the deployment of any military personnel.
China and India are largely on track, so the world is likely to meet the targets by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to destroy free consent and freedom of expression through the use of violence against human beings, to stifle the voice of the people, which are the very foundation of all civilizations.
It draws on the weaknesses and loopholes of the judicial order in our social organizations and in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global endeavour and is convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable instrument.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which was considered at the Committee's twenty-second meeting; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2; for the fourth periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/4 and Add.1-4, and the Committee's twenty-first meeting.
The Act also provides that the Learning and Skills Committee, in the exercise of its functions, shall give due consideration to the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, and persons with disabilities and non-disabled persons.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the field of science and technology include the “Review of Barontain Greenfield”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the field of science and technology, and highlighting women's achievements and contributions in the field of engineering and technology.
One of the two Assembly members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union also served as Vice-President of the Assembly, and two of the four ministers were women before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See annex 2, tables 10.3-10.5 (art. 10, pp. 9-10).
Specifically, the Government has put forward a plan of action to address the low rate of reported and convictions of rape.
This document takes into account the views expressed on the action plan published in 1998 for consultation and provides a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to combat it.
Where effective international and local contractors require terms and conditions that are not acceptable to the United Nations or its management, or where the re-bidding of such contracts would be cost-effective, management may recommend to the United Nations the termination of such contracts.
The tripartite process set out in resolution 1483 (2003) has made real progress.
We believe that, whatever the level of progress in the renegotiation, the 21 November deadline should be observed in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common interest and determination on the part of all United Nations Member States.
That is to meet the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the time being, there is a consensus within the United Nations that we will support an increase in the number of elected non-permanent members.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is a very important complementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the process of developing these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
As already stated in part I of the budget, the Court needs more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber and possibly the Trial Chambers to deal with the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• The presentation of specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to add a second team in June 2004 and a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracing and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation will require assistance to ensure regular access of field office staff to the Court network.
Through day-to-day liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the principal United Nations offices and other international organizations, the Chief of Security Officers also represent the Court's security interests in the international arena.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court by means of a proactive communications strategy to explain the principles, objectives and actions of the organization to the target audiences and the public at large; to create a favourable working environment with highly educated employees; and to establish an efficient public professional library and document reference services to support the Court's activities through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) Draws the attention of receiving services to any matter that the Secretariat deems necessary for its consideration;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not the appropriate way of providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign it during the week.
Deliberations of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that, as a matter of priority, Governments and international organizations implement Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up actions to relevant recommendations of the internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to say a word on this issue today.
We call for the abolition of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) adopted by the International Trade Organization, which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General has already submitted proposals in this regard (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the need to further strengthen the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the promotion and implementation of the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources required for the fulfilment of its mandate and by providing better services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Committee of the original sponsor explained the background and objectives.
Sexual abuse of children is severely punished by law.
However, some girls have completed their studies.
In addition, other actions have been taken by the Government and civil society:
- The change of mindset, which still derives from the culture of society's old mind, has slowed the progress of women.
As pointed out by some delegations, reimbursement for troop costs in 2002 was significantly higher than reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment costs, as troop-contributing countries were able to calculate the number of troops deployed promptly and accurately, while contingent-owned equipment costs required more specific information.
Some of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee were of the view that the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries should be dealt with directly.
Therefore, the Republic of Croatia formally assumed the obligation to combine the provisions of the European Union with the legislation as a whole, which would make it possible to adjust the overall law on gender equality in accordance with the standards set out in the legislation of the European Union.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on human trafficking adopted in 2000 and 2003 are detailed in article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is higher, according to an estimated 350,000 in 1998 and 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services at the Paediatric Clinic in Zagreb continued its activities until the end of 2003 under the programme “Young people's health education for reproductive health and general health”, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation strongly opposed the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was observed that the distinction made on the basis of whether or not the goods were unloaded from their original means of transport seemed somewhat outdated.
An alternative suggestion was that such protection should be expanded to all parties involved in the maritime industry, including independent subcontractors.
One Security Council member noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the submission of the Secretary-General's report in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property by Iraq.
Iraq is urged to return the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to recover their remains and return their families.
The Coordinator hopes that the efforts to establish the fate of the Shoq will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman noted that he took it that the Committee had recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC success in its further work to strengthen the anti-terrorist coalition of States.
The means of promoting global markets themselves — improved communications, media use, better transport links and faster and easier international travel — fuel the development of global terrorist networks that breeds a common message of hatred that seeks to achieve common goals of killing and wanton destruction and to defeat morality and thus to control civilized societies, in particular those based on pluralism.
“Terrorism is a symptom of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been delayed in the past because of budgetary constraints; it is not possible to continue to be postponed and UNDP has a considerable impact on the quality and competence of its staff.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, as part of the Secretary-General's reform.
Organizational reforms have also been introduced at the divisional level, and in the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat), the Statistics and Tools Section and the Global Urban Observatory have been merged into one section, using the latter's name.
The monitoring function has been expanded to include, in addition to existing urban indicators and GIS, a programme to monitor urban inequalities.
The themes of capacity development will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
The 2007 upgrade of PeopleSoft may introduce new features.
What challenges are:
As the National Committees usually use contributions from other resources as a basis for fund-raising of regular resources, this will have the potential to increase the fund-raising capacity of regular and other resources.
Given the limited resources of the Foundation, non-earmarked project activities are generally limited to assistance in the preparatory process, activities with a multiplier effect and activities that may have a significant impact on the overall development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Programme of the Mexican Overseas Community, in collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, coordinates programmes, including educational programmes for migrants who benefit Mexican children, youth and adults.
The Philippine Government's measures in this regard have proved ineffective in protecting the rights and dignity of women migrant workers from illegal practices related to highly profitable sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the increase in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the establishment of basic knowledge on the causal factors affecting women in the current migration process so that informed decision-making can be developed.
The management and documentation of the Conference constitute “the central and fundamental aspect of the daily functioning of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387, para.
The Department, in consultation with author departments, worked to find a consolidated report and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integration of the human rights of women and a gender perspective
The table above sets out RFMOs with normative powers in relation to the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement,34 while the non-provisional powers are more limited to those that often provide advice on scientific matters.35 These two types of RFMOs can exist in parallel and complement each other: the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES) provides advice to NNFC, while the Forum Fisheries Agency may provide advice to CMS.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
For example, Conference of the States Parties decision II-10 ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the Permanent Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwater connected to surface water bodies may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in the field of demand reduction, in accordance with the international drug control system, in reducing drug trafficking and illicit use and their related consequences,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner because “the material was sent and invoiced until 4 July 1990” and that “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arab Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “provisional subsistence allowance for family members”, which relates to compensation payments to employees who were working in Saudi Arabia during the period of the claim to be retained by family members in North America to compensate for the necessary costs of maintaining their residence in both locations.
(b) KNPC continues to address its needs through Chevron Research after its first catalytic supply agreement with Chevron Research signed in 1975;
In light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid $2,762,640 in annual ship and mechanical insurance premiums, calculated at the rate of 0.003 per cent of the amount of $10 million in each ship's insurance value (which should be borne by Chevron U.S.A.).
The case concerned the International Islamic Charitable Fund (Beneverrence International Foundation), which is based in Chicago and is an organization on the Committee's list.
This document is submitted in accordance with the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the non-first use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or States not associated with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command, including a political council, as the sole authority to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the post of High Commissioner, I have highlighted this particularly in the project profile.
Indeed, in many national examples, there is no “cut gap” in per capita income in poor countries that are faster than in the rich countries of the world, or in the rich countries.
The Court must examine, on its own motion, whether its applicable legal provisions meet the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) Reducing the time required for the planning, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with Security Council mandates;
The establishment of consultants is requested to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective oversight of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media on climate change was “considered to be very general” (France), “the media did not specify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the role of the media in communicating ideas” (Italy).
Sweden emphasized that people must be aware of and aware of these problems and also of what needs to be done to address this problem and what role they can play in this process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped into short-term (3), medium-term (10) and long-term (20 years) recommended actions.
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial part of this component.
Untreated wastewater discharges into vulnerable wetlands may result in ecosystem function changes and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reports that human rights education is included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The almost unanimous view of the latter was that there was no individual right without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only if they were defined in an appropriate manner in the international framework and at the domestic level, there were certain formal and important interests that could be acquired by the rulers or the governed.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declares itself at risk” (art. 1 (c) (ii)).
Other documents
We are equally outraged by the continuation of settlement activity on Palestinian land, in particular the ongoing illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and in the Middle East Jerusalem area.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern at the massive loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction caused by the ongoing violence and the excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
The Brigadier General has some disbelief: “You have not been converted — you have nothing, not?” — “I have one” — “What?
One of his expertise, namely, one of the training camps' expertise, was the use of toxic agents.
The scope of the activities of Zakawa is now not limited to this small corner of north-eastern Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take important decisions that the world is looking forward with a greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also means that the manner in which children are employed is detrimental to their health and development, impedes their attendance or performance of school-related responsibilities, or is inconsistent with or inconsistent with the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 concerning Minimum Age and Recommendation No. 146, Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and Recommendation No. 190 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers compensation that guarantees an adequate standard of living for them and their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusterio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Javier González Ibáínez, Igaynio,
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Najajjaji, introduced the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinators of the regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group apologized for not attending).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the accuracy of press releases.
President: Shi Jiuyong
The Computerization Division, comprising one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the courts.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to adjudge and declare:
It is only in cases where the written pleadings and accompanying documents are necessary to understand the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, even if they are deposited in the bank for the sole purpose of transferring funds out of the country after receiving a bill of exchange, they are likely to be found if funds are diverted for illicit purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to overall standards, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed streamlined job classification system and looked forward to the detailed report of the Committee to the General Assembly on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, as it had been decided at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
This partnership calls for mutual responsibility: political and economic reform in developing countries, and support from developed countries, particularly through aid, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-six claimants were engaged in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The claims for uncollectible receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment claims were verified and valued in accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211-215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering that extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disaster reduction must be addressed in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the National Assembly for Peace and Non-Violence of the World, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gandhi Memorial Museum worldwide (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that, in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States are urged to guarantee the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and myself join all the representatives here in expressing their deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and to others, who were brutally murdered.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of the proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, as well as the protection of the damaged goods.
In addition to United Nations and international governmental organizations, ACCI has cooperated with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Federation of Air Traffic Movement Control Officers (IFATCA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCIATAA), the International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations (IFA), and the International Organization (ISA).
English and French are working languages, but in some forums, including conferences, other languages, such as Spanish.
The first lender is the pre-insolvency lender or seller of the goods who continues to have a continuing relationship with the debtor and its business, and may advance new funds or provide trade credit to enhance the possibility of recovering their existing claims, possibly by raising interest rates for new loans.
A number of laws adopt a default rule to the effect that failure of the insolvency representative to act within a specified period of time would result in the contract being regarded as, for example, rejected or enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a corporation or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be entrusted by the creditor to the insolvency representative or to the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Advising and assisting the insolvency representative or the debtor who presides;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are in place, requests in other laws that may prevent or restrict the use of the Convention and thereby delay access to justice are suspended.
Failure of a creditor to submit a claim prior to the final report and accounting may result in different outcomes depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
If the claims in the proceedings are the subject of consideration outside of the insolvency proceedings, such claims are usually based on the nature of the claim and may be provisionally admitted in the insolvency proceedings until the dispute has been resolved (subject to the application of the stay - see chapter II, B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken in many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative should convene a meeting of creditors and present accounts after the asset is realized and allocated.
The threat of a non-conventional attack is also a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have not yet seen any practical steps towards that end.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I agree with the other members of the Conference that we are committed to resolving the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peaceful means.
Calls upon all States to recognize, as provided for in the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, the right of everyone to worship or assemble in connection with a religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for that purpose;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall orientation of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and add a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolutions on the rights of children, the General Assembly continued to emphasize the need for mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two texts of the statements were circulated informally to the members of the Council.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 the first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana — a feasibility review.
The arbitrary invocation of exceptions by States in bilateral dispute settlement would undermine the effective use of the local remedies rule.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the exercise of diplomatic protection in respect of corporations.
Third, after an orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to determine the grounds for unilateral action or conduct by a State; the criteria for the express or implicit commitment of the State, in particular but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organ responsible for the act or act; and the circumstances and conditions under which unilateral commitments may be modified or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Commission on Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace.
A project is currently being implemented with the support of the Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding innovative means of reproductive health.
A growing number of new Rotary clubs have been established around the world, with the fastest growing regions being Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be described as an example of a durable solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, will open an exhibit on family issues on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. near the Vienna Café at the first basement of the General Assembly Building.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of the IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and to note the considerable progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The plan of action emanating from the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure that the good security record in this regard continues.
With regard to the implementation of the Director-General's action plan against nuclear terrorism, Mexico supported measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear material.
However, the Agency's staff work every day in these and many other areas in order to make our world better and safer.
If a natural person has no place of business, reference is made to the place of habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration to the electronic signature after signature may be detected; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was felt that such a definition was not the text of the instrument but rather the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation should be conducted in two phases.
6.8.4.5 The requirement of 6.8.3.1.3 shall be satisfied in cases where the use of the lithium is necessary to maintain dangerous goods.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and determine their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the Scientific and Technical Activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, in particular on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council for States Members of the United Nations that are non-members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- International Decade for Action, “Water for Life”, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicated that young girls were given the space they needed to achieve self-determination.
As a result of the cancellation of the meeting originally scheduled for 27 October by a Main Committee of the General Assembly, the proposed open-ended working group on commodities could be met from existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the 2003 Human Rights Development Report clearly states that, if the situation does not improve rapidly, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by 2129 in order to halve extreme poverty by 2147 and to 2165 in order to reduce child mortality by two thirds.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of the African renaissance.
Developing country producers must overcome a number of obstacles in order to exploit these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission can facilitate the work of the Commission.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and the wounding of some 47 others.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant finds that he was placed in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly arose prior to the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), but continued beyond the date of entry into force because the deprivation in question was `life'.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights often found more than one violation of a provision and subsequently recommended a package of measures that could be grouped according to the above.
With regard to the State party's objections to admissibility on the grounds that the acts complained of were not committed by State bodies but by the Business Insurance Board, which the State party was unable to influence, the Human Rights Committee considered that the State party's obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights continued to exist when it delegated part of its functions to other self-governing bodies.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed the alleged discrimination in the market for loans, the use of insulting languages by individuals, 203 and access to public places or to public services.
Human Rights Committee, communication No. 172/1984, Broeks v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Kamlander v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect. K, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
School graduates are selected for further training at universities to become teachers and managers of cooperatives are sent abroad for further training.
On 13 May 2003, Radio Bombolom was reactivated by a decision of the Board of Auditors, the first case in which the Tribunal overruled the decisions of the executive branch for several years.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on multiple fronts and have clearly demonstrated the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen it.
A contribution of $10 million and a fast-track credit of $500 million have been agreed under this joint programme, which is expected to showcase the complementarities between capacity-building and lending operations and between the United Nations and development financing agencies.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McCafri, presented a detailed study on the subject.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria has also signed memorandums of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, there is no longer a joint central administration on the island, whether de jure or de facto, that would represent the whole of Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; the rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; the promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive evolution was confirmed in 2001, when it grew by 1.9 per cent and the outlook figure for 2002 changed in that direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 7.170/83, which penalizes the intentional financing of terrorism in a different form: “Acquisition, join or support for an illegal military organization for the purposes of the war, whether armed or unarmed, in uniform or unseen”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, a perimeter fence of about 300 kilometres has been built to prevent Palestinian terrorists from crossing into Israeli population centres to murder civilians.
Germany regrets the recent upsurge of violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
This wall has trenches, roads and fences parallel to it.
The European Union maintains close contact with the parties concerned and is willing to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to stopping such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably anticipate that the data message will be sent to that particular information system. ]
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there does not appear to be any measures to mainstream a gender perspective into government policy.
Deeply concerned by the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent life and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue was “The Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future mandate”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 is due to the fact that it has only introduced transparency measures with respect to conventional weapons, excluding weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to harmonize national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of the various organizations and institutions responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
English
The diamond-mining inspectors, cross-border inspection advisers and airport inspectors are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
In particular, the suffering of children leads to their dream of a nightmare, urobeds, dishes and sleep insecurity.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be combined with the discussion of special priority and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Also decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the reviews, bearing in mind the need to recognize the active role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Conscious of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed that British citizenship be extended to citizens in overseas territories, while requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, particularly on human rights and financial services regulation, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent $5 million in road construction, most of which was financed by the Bank of Anguilla and the Commercial Bank of the Caribbean.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon States, the specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; requested the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide, within their respective mandates, assistance to Palestine refugee students in higher education; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustees of such grants and scholarships and to issue them to eligible Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recently published report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter's report on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should concentrate on a more limited number of issues, avoiding the fragmentation of resources on issues that have already been of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stability system
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, as mass exoduses typically occur in situations of crisis and conflict in which national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented a copy of a bill from Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipt from the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He noted the fact that the Chairman had not applied his earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure and wished to place on record that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and the Chairman's earlier explanations.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance in support of UNMIK police activities.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the Conference in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat, within existing resources, to provide the necessary resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the International Meeting to Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States News Network, in order to encourage contributions and support the International Meeting and its preparatory process;
Rule 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments undertaken by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Adriatic Three Charter will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to implement together the declarations that we have adopted in all of us — declarations that have given rise to great hope in the hearts of our peoples, who are extremely poor.
Our efforts to re-energize our economy urgently need to be complemented by new foreign direct investment, the transfer of official development assistance, the transfer of technology, and deeper cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally sad to learn that Ms. Agira Hashem, member of the Iraqi Governing Council, died as a result of the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have proven that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in dealing with established proliferators.
The vision of Jean Monne and Robert Shuman has led to the establishment of the European Coal Steel Community, which has since been expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration institution known today as the European Union.
High-handedness and accompanying behaviour continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6 bis)
Select or opt-out
Some support was expressed for that suggestion.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
Access to the database is available through the INEC web site (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also with respect to those persons, we are evaluating the evidence gathered so far on each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his country agreed with the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations for enhancing support for South-South cooperation and public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly communicated with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
Building on the revised draft text of the Cancún Ministerial Declaration (Job (03)/150/Rev.2) submitted to the Conference on 13 September 2003, WTO members continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally felt that the revised draft did not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
A major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessments and modelling.
“1. Persons who use force, threaten the use of force or use other hijacked aircraft or ships are sentenced to 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that it had become one of the co-sponsors of the Danish and United States proposals on such mines.
Form of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but the Unit will require a considerable amount of additional resources to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased dramatically and the nature of armed conflicts has changed dramatically.
It was to be hoped that the report would be prepared with the widest possible consultation, not only within the United Nations system but also within the relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The FIU has signed agreements and memorandums of understanding with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama to exchange information on the investigation of financial networks.
• List of descriptions and items of importing companies;
Also in December, the Council of Europe experts held preliminary discussions with UNMIK and local leaders at the central and municipal levels and initiated the process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A disciplinary code had been implemented and a recruitment policy would soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Working Group established for the preparation of the report to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review progress in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the fact that national reports prepared for the next session of the Subcommittee could highlight new mechanisms and initiatives undertaken by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enabled Sweden to obtain full data from Earth observation satellites from all regions of Europe in a direct reception model.
The Group of Latin American and Caribbean States would participate actively and effectively in the work to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference would be acceptable to States, both formal and substantive.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine clearance technology were held in the margins of the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) on the basis of the results of the two seminars, which prepared annexes to the final report of the Standing Committee.
International Testing and Evaluation Programme: This is an international programme that helps participating States to cooperate to avoid duplication of effort, dedicated to testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the present resolution and to explore any possibility of full and effective fulfilment of his mandate in the exercise of his mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system in this regard; there will be no alternative if there is real progress towards an open system of non-discrimination.
The search for solutions needs to take into account the real trading economy of a given country and to assess its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the CST Expert Group, to select three to four representative case studies from reports received by Parties for submission to the CST at its seventh session;
The Chairmen of the other Main Committees of the General Assembly regularly use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, account was taken of the increase in local staff salaries effective 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 for overtime to local staff members travelling to and from Damascus and Faouar camps on a daily basis.
Each year the federal budget has an allocation for the protection of the security of stockpiled chemical weapons, which is an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities is already applying a number of procedures to be adopted by the promoters.
(2) Provide or offer to terrorist organizations, or cooperate with them, skills or know-how;
The Chairman said that the phrase “provided for law” might give the impression that it referred to other laws and that the term “legally” meant a clear reference to the law relating to the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects the civilian population, causes socio-economic paralysis and exacerbates by the blockade.
This is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of two States living side by side within secure and recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the grave threats posed by those regimes, as well as the Iran's illicit nuclear weapons programme, its hostile intentions and the terrible combination of its repressive regime, are not well known to delegates and to the entire world.
According to UNOMIG, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to touch upon some of the IAEA's work, which the international community has focused on.
I often hear what donors say, and I do not know what the donor's counterwords are.
He spoke eloquently, candidly and candidly of the sinking and transformations faced by commodity-dependent countries.
The above Guidelines are intended to provide a normative and coherent risk assessment framework that will enable the Government to respond to the threat-reduction changes with the degree of vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code stresses that special efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts of human activities that undermine, degrade, contaminate and threaten the health and viability of fishery resources.
The flag State's control of its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the news synthesis of the European Commission Division of Energy and Transport, published on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be authorized to deal with issues requiring prior clarification.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish networks for the exchange of information and policy and experience; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The secretariat updates the country database annually on the basis of the three criteria used in the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and integrate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Board.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “Regional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII thereof: “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, namely, through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasized that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for Africa's development.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had resulted in the proposed discontinuation of certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where duplication of effort could occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other departments, agencies and specialized agencies of the United Nations and to ensure coherence in its policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following: “(c) Support the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, including through the strengthening of the knowledge base for sustainable development; technology transfer; more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in the implementation of sustainable development; and use contemporary methods of data collection and dissemination, including the increased use of information technology.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 seemed to be too demanding and should be treated with caution.
In addition to the legal non-recognition of Roma in the countries of the Americas (except Colombia), social discrimination against Roma is reported in many places, and in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia there are frequent instances of police abuse of Roma.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is recommended that an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities be established.
However, it would be difficult to establish international standards that would properly combine the two measures without imposing restrictions on some States.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including its work on strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reaffirms its approval of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action and recommended areas to be given priority by the international community as a whole during the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are mutually exclusive and complementary and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is no less important than the obligation to exercise law and to administer justice.
Under existing legislation, ICTY representatives have the right to follow suit and access to the Tribunal's archives, and the evidence material obtained by the ICTY can also be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to act on the question of Iraq and has failed to stop the bloodshed there, and the United Nations has failed to resolve the worsening crisis in the Middle East in half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision of the United Nations and of the decision-making body compel us to give careful consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
The question was raised as to how we can support preventive efforts in such places?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
Ecosystem approaches need to expand such functions and processes that must be taken into account in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to further contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit, in accordance with the modalities of participation identified by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as “principles of general international law” affirmed by judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and the writings of jurists.
According to the theory of a right or remedy, the injured alien has to exhaust only remedies that derive from the right and may result in binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law (1990).
(a) The decision of the General Assembly to retain air tickets currently used for attending the General Assembly but not used, for the use of delegations of least developed countries for participation in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the principle of precedence;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as indicated in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the various ways in which concessionaires might be granted the right of abode through studies undertaken in many national legislation.
Prior to the twenty-fifth instalment claims submitted to the Panel, the secretariat of the Commission undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants were received, none of the responses met the above criteria.
Contribution to development effectiveness at the country level
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”, a regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The review was authorized by the General Assembly and the OIOS approach to the mandate focused on a number of administrative areas, which, as a result of simplification, could improve the Organization's productivity.
The States of the EAPC reaffirmed their commitment to signing, ratifying and implementing the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The bill deals with:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council gave the Group of Experts other mandates and referred to how the work of the Group could contribute to raising awareness of the illegal exploitation of the natural resources and other forms of wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth group of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the Panel's report.
None of the above recommendations can be implemented over the long term unless regional solutions are found.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that family-related provisions of the outcomes of the United Nations summits and world conferences of the 1990s and their follow-up processes continue to provide policy guidance on strengthening family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of an integrated and comprehensive approach to development,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the late issuance of those reports and reports on the implementation of the Board's recommendations remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union shared the Committee's view that the status of advances made to the Humanitarian Coordination Board in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide the Committee with such information as is already available and similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide reasons, amounts unfrozen or released and dates.
In our banking and financial system, other legal entities or natural persons (notaries, lawyers or financial administrators) are not authorized to carry out any kind of financial activity.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a systematic long-term policy known to the occupying Power and its subordinate local administration, namely, to deny the Turkish Cypriot people who claim to support the reunification of Cyprus without the occupying forces and becoming members of the European Union.
On a different scale, “biofuel trade” is also designed to integrate the environmental and social aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) incorporating, to the extent possible, potential new knowledge areas relevant to the subject of development in the context of capacity development work; and (b) introducing flexibility in the design of actions so that new issues or new models can be adapted where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The mandate given by the Doha Conference meant that the international community was committed to reorienting WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should be actively involved in the decision-making process leading to the imposition of sanctions on a Member State and should follow up its implementation.
These unilateral actions run counter to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hamper the pace of economic and social development in the affected countries.
The Board enquired as to why there were three bienniums without baseline data for performance measurement, and why there were no output projects to be terminated.
Several factors have contributed to this change.
(t) “Private person” means any employee, executor, manager or official of any entity, organization, business or private legal person other than the unit in which the public official performs his or her functions;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of their legal systems:
(c) For the purposes of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Rule 37
However, the requested State Party may, where it deems appropriate, provide assistance within its discretion, irrespective of whether the conduct constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject matter and nature of the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceedings to which the request relates and the name and functions of the department conducting the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceeding;
States Parties shall [implement] [adopt] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out during appropriate periods of time.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that it was also important to ensure that the system designed by the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and avoided unnecessary duplication.
Emissions growth in all sectors is projected in the figure for the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with the “measures” scenario), except for waste management.
Note: Country code description, see annex.
These rates include remuneration of lawyers and office costs.
One of the last third of the full payment retained would be to be used to pay the increased instalment if the trial period was longer than originally scheduled.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization recognized as terrorism is cleared, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 foreign ministers have expressed their support for the joint statement.
According to article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Forest-related definitions
The process of preparing the present report shows that while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad because of its usefulness and cost-effectiveness, the majority of those engaged in cooperative practices have no institutional policy guidance.
Many Governments have given up the idea of a directive that prevailed during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources were major obstacles to expanding South-South cooperation.
The UNDP network of field staff has been expanded and resources are being utilized with key partners to provide advisory services to programme country members.
Successful counter-terrorism efforts need to be focused on three main areas of counter-terrorism: first, denying terrorists access to terrorist activities (e.g. preventing the financing of terrorist activities, suppressing the forgery of documents and providing weapons); second, not harbouring terrorists and ensuring the prosecution and/or extradition of terrorists (e.g. accelerating the conclusion of counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying terrorists entry, and strengthening law enforcement agencies, etc.); and thirdly, enhancing the resistance to terrorism (e.
The development dimension must be an integral part of international investment agreements to support national policies in attracting and benefiting more from FDI.
Non-governmental organizations organized national photographic exhibitions to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on literacy training and on the retention of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancies.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is not in keeping with the road map, as it makes the creation of a viable and contiguous Palestinian State even more difficult.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first and second resumed sessions)
The shall and Handic Draft Industries in Jordan, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (co-author with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, with reference to the Secretary-General's notes of 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations of the nomination by the United Kingdom of Mr. Peter Love, Acting Controller (British Court Affairs Branch) of the United Kingdom as a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of the International Criminal Court.
Resident Partner, Lilongwekul Lebrand International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and terrorism in all its forms and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance in this regard;
For example, the three countries with the highest port openness to the private sector (Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack adequate funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Former Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 had been submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Kronenberg-Mossberg (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off shall be permitted to determine the net exposure of the risk, irrespective of whether the termination of those contracts occurred before or after the commencement of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in some of the preliminary investigations conducted by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Development of administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to promote the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including through prompt action, as appropriate, to address staff complaints;
The Commission considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are also two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the follow-up activities to the Programme of Action with regard to ensuring respect for human rights as an important factor in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the implementation of all activities undertaken by its members pursuant to paragraphs 10 and 17 above and in the implementation of the present resolution, in particular the ECOWAS Moratorium on Small Arms and Light Weapons, referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several country teams participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi in the HIV/AIDS debate and Nepal in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman held several consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link between these requirements and what is happening in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals could violate the prohibition because they possessed multinational nationality or residence permits in other countries.
The evaluation identified weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and recommendations for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session on how to address the problem of the arrears of closed peacekeeping missions with net cash deficits;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals has consolidated a draft based on the input of the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and that, following its consideration, the Committee may reach consensus on a global Harmonized System,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify those acts of terrorism that are the result of fanaticism or evil intentions that are irretrievable and that result from political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
This principle is even more relevant when the world is at greater risk.
How do we do that?
However, there are problems that cannot be brought to the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — and you can also correct our assessment — is vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna pointed out in his statement a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth running of the presidency's responsibilities and is essential to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are: implementation of land laws; insufficient forestry and agricultural concessions to effectively guarantee the poor; compensation for displaced persons as a result of road construction projects; and the relocation of children and the poor living on the streets of Phnom Penh.
This fact, together with the need to focus on vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the shift from emergency response to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation on the extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment for the remainder of their sentence (18 May 1995).
The death of a person or other significant consequence of the above act shall be punishable by imprisonment for a term of 10 to 25 years.
If:
A/58/7/Add.13; for the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What were the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) told us?
Some progress can be made in this cooperation only after the threat of the use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — which gives the Government of Iraq the last opportunity to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process — but still far from being “conditional, immediate and positive”.
From a legal standpoint, what is the meaning of the right to health?
The third type of disease - seriously neglected diseases - has little research and development in the rich countries and virtually no business-based research and development.
Global standards against terrorism.
Advocacy and dissemination of the Counter-Terrorism Committee's centralized Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
A question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with existing practices in the use of certain types of transport documents, such as “formulation” bills of lading and “loading” bills of lading.
A general comment was made that the terms “transport document or electronic record” were used repeatedly throughout the various provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument, with the aim of emphasizing the distinction between transport documents and electronic records, rather than focusing on the content of the document, as the Working Group's mandate was intended.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to subparagraph 12.2.2, which required the text of the draft article to specify the liability of the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might give rise to conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions, such as those that were not specifically identified as to how compensation would be calculated (see paras. 258 and 264-267, respectively).
Delegations of permanent and observer missions are reminded that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 p.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and reopened to authorized vehicles on Monday, 22 September 2003, at 4 p.m.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and highlight the need to coordinate the efforts of the various international agencies active in the procurement field.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with ICAO on further methodologies for improving the quality of data reporting and support the review of the experts on Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities demanded that all air transportation take off from the northern part.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support livestock disease reporting and livestock vaccination;
The Department of Public Information booklet entitled “The United Nations and decolonization” was prepared by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs in 2001 in response to numerous enquiries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, whose questions focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the options for the future status of the Territories and the assistance that the Territories received.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the Department's press release on the Caribbean regional seminar by the Anguillan press, which had also been broadcast by local television.
Under this article of Swiss law, there is every reason to freeze the assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act is changed, the EVA system will be modified immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions is currently being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 Pursuant to the request of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292, to further strengthen the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposals for strengthening the regular budget component of the Office will be included in section 29G (Administration, Nairobi) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and graphics, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of the entire Monterrey scenario depends essentially on the larger idea of global partnership.
At present, we must commit ourselves to the spirit of partnership that we saw in Monterrey between the poor and the rich countries.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud could undermine commercial credibility and destabilize industries, regions, international banking systems, financial markets, international business vouchers, international trade to countries.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law can play a unique role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers under the arbitral proceedings jurisdiction regime.
The Internet and computer technology have not only increased the enforcement of traditional crimes (e.g. identity theft, misappropriation of intellectual property rights, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also increased threats to business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communications).
• Ensure free access to outer space through measures that are equally applicable to all, while avoiding the release of debris wherever possible;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are causes of disillusionment and a cause of new conflicts, and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without redressing the growing international inequalities.
They reiterated their conviction that, until nuclear weapons are not completely eliminated, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should, as a matter of priority, strive for the conclusion of a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government totally rejected the use of these issues as a pretext for limiting market access for developing countries, or limiting assistance and technology to developing countries or linking them to multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also taken similar measures with respect to stockbrokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restricted ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, independent courts or tribunals should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees provided for minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Approximately $6.5 million will be spent on civilian staff training and approximately $1.7 million on peacekeeping military training.
In practice, all Thai commercial banks and financial institutions follow the guidelines of the circular and report their actions to the Bank of Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is a vital component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) Campaigning and engaging media and eminent personalities to serve as good examples of men's roles and increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has assisted in the development of a national population policy and the updating of census data, which are essential for a better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues in preparation of the plan.
At the World Bank, the Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Director of the African Regional Bureau; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator; and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, Head of the World Bank Mission in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations of 1970;
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 addressed to you by Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Group also expressed its support for that and facilitated the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for CRIC 1
For the first time, the implementation of the UNCCD was discussed among all affected European Parties.
In conjunction with CRIC 1, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, with the aim of providing an analysis of the needs and proposed questionnaire for each Annex IV country in terms of regional cooperation and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal of Ambassador Amorim to address unresolved arms reductions in the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
Several representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive nature of the report and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor and a precondition for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI) for an initial period of six months, with a mandate to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include in the Mission a military component in accordance with option (b) proposed by the Secretary-General in his report, in line with the actions of the French and ECOWAS forces;
Calls upon all parties to the conflict that recruit or use children in violation of their international obligations applicable to them, in accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), to cease immediately the recruitment or use of children;
We are greatly encouraged by the strong support given to our initiative by the letter of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, which was read out at this Conference on 21 January by the Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, when we are going to formalize this proposal.
“In reading the report of the 2001 annual session, I have a paradoxical feeling.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from the RUF to allow for humanitarian access to and release of abducted children and child soldiers, and the Civil Defence Force undertook not to recruit and demobilize children.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “era of application” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraq's territory, difficult times have passed.
As far as Japan is concerned, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils the primary responsibility entrusted to it so that ways can be found to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is also a problem for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Governing Council determined that it was the responsibility of the claimant filing a claim with the Commission to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss “total amount of the loss to be compensated will be deducted from the loss that is likely to be reasonably avoided”.
More broadly, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements system for military, civilian police and civilian personnel and in the procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, as poor households usually lack equal access to education or, in some cases, no opportunity.
If migrants do not meet the time requirement, the introduction of social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration erodes the intergenerational support of indigenous peoples over the years and has cut off relations with traditional areas.
In some countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, older persons who are physically weak are considered to be particularly vulnerable to abandonment, many of whom live with their families soon after leaving the labour market, thereby losing material support.
Such a legal framework often does not protect indigenous peoples' traditional knowledge and cultural heritage, as indigenous peoples emphasize shared ownership of their entire resources.
The incompatibility between development policies and international cooperation is striking.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Considering:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Council will also consider the issue of claims preparation costs at a later stage.
In one claim, compensation is sought for the amounts owed for goods shipped to Iraq under a contract of sale with agents in a third country.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (quoting E2(2) report, para. 60 and F1(1.1) report, paras.
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you, for your information, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Appointment by the Organization of American States of technical experts to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border” (see annex).
UNHCR assists refugees, particularly women and female-headed households, in accessing adequate housing, which constitutes a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/weshm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development that balance South-North interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and developing national trade policies.
The specific application of the above-mentioned provisions would be subject to the complexity and details of the request in each specific case, and if the established time limits were not met, a timetable would be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partner for American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendment to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall has serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built and that existing ones continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) in response to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cambach Miguén (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that our country joined the consensus to adopt draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but this does not mean that my country is in favour of — and to borrow the wording of the draft resolution — the use of the concepts of operative paragraph 12, such as the “culture of protection” — which we have not been properly discussed in the framework of the work of the Organization, because of which is ambiguous character and which may open up to distort the relevant principles of General Assembly resolution 46/18282 of 19 December 1991 on the United Nations Charter of the General Assembly resolution.
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the Tribunal's completion strategy.
Table 6 (paragraph 45 of the report) provides a breakdown of income by $13.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the ABM Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of terrorist acts committed by extremist groups or individuals, no matter how grave they are, the powerful State should not exercise its inherent legitimate right to self-defence by unilaterally launching unpredictable wars that may be global in nature, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
It would be counterproductive to avoid the most important question of defining the meaning of this law.
In recent national elections, a government-funded campaign encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and national poverty reduction strategy papers is a major feature of the country's first MDG report.
Because of its participation in the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission's chemical precursor project, the country was assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in the development of the new draft legislation.
Within this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded after-service health insurance reserve.
The meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment report and an overview of the outstanding reports, an overview of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the challenges that continue to face in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and the emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that research projects were being carried out in the areas of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Rule 129
Measures already exist in the region to address law enforcement issues at the South Pacific Forum level.
The objective should be to establish, as prospecting is carried out, a management mechanism with better understanding of the resources involved and the environment in which they are generated.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made during the period since May 2002 in the follow-up to the special session on children was characterized by a general situation and regional situation; highlighted the actions already taken in the four main objectives; and called for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region, urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and on the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRSG International Rubber Study Group TDB II
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling further General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism perpetrated on 11 September 2001, in which it also condemned the heinous acts of terrorism in Barri and Moscow, as well as the urgent appeal for international cooperation in the prevention and eradication of terrorism, and Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombing in Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Decides to allocate to the Fifth Committee items proposed in the memorandum by the Secretary-General for consideration by the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of the sustainability of biotechnology.
These obsolete technologies could be complemented by new biotechnologies to enhance their effectiveness.
It would be pointless to expect that the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands would be resolved during those two visits.
To engage all nuclear-weapon States as soon as appropriate in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves become viable actors involved in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement in the framework of the Convention's additional document, as well as the programme of work of cooperation with countries that have volunteered to promote “special agreements”.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who are reasonably believed to be a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for having committed a particularly serious crime.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that the education of their children is in the interest of:
At that time, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in many parts of the world, in the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America and in South America.
S-19/2 Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on integrated primary health care and referral systems.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health.
At the policy level, for example, only 4.02 per cent of senior women administrators (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (table 5).
In lower secondary schools (age age group 11-13 years), the net enrolment rate of girls dropped to 26.2 per cent and for boys to 36.5 per cent, indicating that more than two thirds of children in this age group are denied access to education.
Mainstreaming Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with Alternative Reference to Promotion and Industry in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloody conflict and disregard for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel remains unaware that the path to peace is dependent on the implementation by the State of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, all of which have so far been ignored by Israel in defiance of international law.
We will also not re-orient our policies by threats.
The efforts of the United Nations to bring stability, democratization and reconstruction to Iraq have my country's full support, and I also commend the United Nations staff for their courageous and selfless work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through the objective and rational implementation of a programme, not through artillery or jet fighters, or by the mobilization of large armies to destroy the hate regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Board called on all States members of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184), which clearly warns us that, despite the measures taken so far by States, these measures are not sufficient to prevent the negative effects of the epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
Progress reports of the Voorburg Group on Service Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (Conference room paper) are also being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative is a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by a new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In his written and oral representations, the representative of Burundi referred to the dire socio-economic situation in the country resulting from the intense war that had been taking place there since 1993, which had prevented Burundi from paying its arrears to the United Nations.
In its written and oral representations, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly due to earlier internal conflicts and continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution will not be new.
3.3 Innovative ways of mobilizing resources for TCDC and ECDC (including from developing country Governments, donors under triangular arrangements and other sources).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthen child-related governmental institutions, including, where appropriate, ministers responsible for children's issues and independent commissioners for children's rights;
A/58/282.
It was stated that helping to avoid a problem that became more apparent as a result of electronic commerce would not be a major objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the drafting proposal and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector have fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which has added value to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as the linkage project, to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC had focused more on the evaluation of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization moved in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of Member States in that regard.
We have not seen progress, but we have seen a departure from the peaceful settlement and a reversal of the negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each word of the plan is determined after a number of simulations, careful consideration and a full trade-off.
This will lead to the re-establishment of a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which has a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Weekly, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people and Government of Côte d'Ivoire to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work in peace with Africa in the world, and to make every effort to bring peace to Côte d'Ivoire and to provide his personal support and that of the Organization.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols on terrorism is in the final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 384
Noting that despite the progress made, difficulties remain in implementing the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations, and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society, to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, a full report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and an addendum containing all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold an additional consultative meeting for all concerned Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council with a view to finalizing the “Basic principles and guidelines on the right to reparation for victims of gross violations of human rights and international humanitarian law” and, where appropriate, to consider options for their adoption;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made in building a democratic society in many countries of the world, which has resulted in better realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner, in response to the request of the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, to organize, prior to the sixty-first session of the Commission, a joint seminar with the United Nations Development Programme, using extrabudgetary resources, on practical ways and means of effectively strengthening good governance practices for the promotion of human rights at the national level, to examine and enrich information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, are important for achieving sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development for all, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing satisfaction at the relative peace and stability that the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite the difficulties they face, continue to enjoy and have access to basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations caused by the circulation and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/18, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/27, 2003/28, 2003/29, 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 233
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 282
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and to achieve beneficial integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
The pre-deployment medical costs paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
Consequently, the Committee expects considerable savings during the current period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community at the Johannesburg World Summit has identified a comprehensive topic of sustainability; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has given a new dynamic direction to financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide, within their existing resources, financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in the provision of financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of their Governments towards the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights by everyone and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission and a mid-term report to the General Assembly on the activities carried out under his mandate;
Explanations: DESA: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; RC: regional commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; UNEP: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat; UNU: United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, referred to in paragraph 15 of the 2000 Final Document, paragraph 12, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance the transparency of the entire NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility, and his country believed that UNRWA should continue to service them until their situation was resolved.
Replace the words “55.6” with the following:
The Supreme War Crimes Commission opened its session in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003 and acquitted six persons, in addition to maintaining the life imprisonment sentence imposed on one accused and suspending the 12-month period of detention of another accused.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and under the guidance of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Noting the draft articles and the understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with a growing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandates and OHCHR field office staff to improve the flow of information related to disappearances by utilizing their unique status on the ground.
During the period under review, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send reminders, in accordance with its working methods, concerning 867 outstanding cases.
Cases of disappearance are alleged to be related to the broad powers granted to the security forces under emergency legislation, in particular the Terrorist and Separatism Acts and the Public Security Act, which allow for preventive and long-term detention, without many other normal guarantees under the Penal Code.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to find the best course of action to address the issues that you have raised.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members will have resources for the implementation of recommendations and focus on data preparation to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and that adequate extrabudgetary resources will be made available to ESCAP to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meeting to review regional implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on inheritance, marriage and donation is the same.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as stated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations as States parties under the various human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the European Social Charter (Revised 1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol to the Charter in November 2000 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the public sector.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, there will be no real partnership with Governments to advance the goals of education.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of a State Party shall not deprive another State of its ability to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, in 1998 the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (which is attached for your information) as a frame of reference for the adoption of a plan for the adoption of an international code of conduct on the right to adequate food.
Many of these mandates establish links between human rights and development, including those related to education, food, housing, health, the right to environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights film campaign was completed to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Declaration.
(d) Organization of the symposium at the International Training Division in Tetop, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that those responsible for violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that children were at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies and international and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries in Africa, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies and relevant regional organizations and institutions and non-governmental organizations and to assist, upon request, in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction at the lack of progress in the implementation of this provision in various forums and believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Poor Countries Cry Fouver New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like its partners in the European Union, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that during the International Air and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and society seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and documentation, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, in 2001 there were 415,000 under-employed persons in Spain, of whom 68 per cent were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax reduction factor in the buyer's home and indicates the percentage of salary income to be paid for the first year of the cost of the mortgage.
More than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities benefiting girls and women of all ages, including young and older women, will focus on networking, exchange of information, knowledge-sharing and formation alliances between countries and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peacea, and further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting women's human rights will remain a high priority.
In any way, they can also resort to domestic law with a view to continuing to seek their interests or redress.
“... it is fundamentally difficult to say that a State is completely free to decide on the question of who is the property to be brought into its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Vihear (Preliminary Objections) in Barcelona Traction, I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Rule 85
See Corruption and Integrity Improvement Initiatives in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee felt that it was not necessary to incorporate the definition of “international public organization”, since the term was clearly interpreted in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that mandatory wording would be preferable.
Discussions were also initiated on the concept contained in the last phrase of the paragraph.
During the second reading of the draft text, at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, there was still a need to preserve sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting presented the report of the Expert Group on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/OD/OC/03/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is attributable primarily to reduced travel costs for official travel and the lack of start-up training owing to reduced travel of staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to the Mission to address administrative and technical issues, with fewer technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of an assumption of the matter, the Committee was not requested to decide whether the expulsion of Mr. A from Sweden would violate his obligations under article 3 or any other article of the Convention, and not to decide whether he had been tortured by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups paved the way for the meeting of the Ituri Pacification Commission, held from 4 to 14 April 2003, and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Identifying, as appropriate, the knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures.
Therefore, as Venezuela shares the view of many countries that the illicit trade in diamonds has a detrimental impact on the fuelling of armed conflict and has delayed and impeded efforts to achieve peace and security in countries directly affected, my country is deeply satisfied with the international efforts aimed at peace.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Monitoring.
• Abortion, Senda Press
One of the Government's aims is to maintain and develop the Territory's land and water resources and to increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, January was declared a counter-narcotics propaganda day.
“Objective 2004-2005: percentage of all personnel deployment needs met by using the standby system and rapid deployment levels or standby lists”
As regards multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described as some way between language and war.
An exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and representatives of civil society allowed for a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and adoption of targeted sanctions, drawing on the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on arms embargoes and travel bans.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in certain areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Fifty-five years ago, two thirds of humanity was still under colonial yoke, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by vote, which formed the basis for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In a broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some people and their experiences of racist persecution and the impact of racism on their own development, but also to the development of communities, which have been frustrated by racist and racist-based systems because they have no opportunity to embark on some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as the situation in Haiti has shown in many respects, the country is now prepared to celebrate the 200th Anniversary of independence, but requires the help of the international community.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
Human rights courts have also been established to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Obata as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes region.
It is therefore essential that the international community actively support the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to include women in all peacebuilding and development processes.
We want to take many initiatives.
The UNHCR reiterated the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration and reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly recalled the need for such complementarity, and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides proposing a direct meeting.
Furthermore, following the opening of Mr. Clerides' statements, one could propose not only the continued validity of the Treaty of Guarantee, but also the application of the Treaty to the new pattern established by the Agreement for the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, in addition to the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of its two constituent states.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
FCCC/KP/CMP/2005/4/Add.1
(c) If the chemical combustion heat of aerosols is less than 20 kilocal/g, no point fire is occurring in a point-fire distance test, a closed-space ignition test, as described in sub-section 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach that takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve the mutually reinforcing objectives under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this grave escalation of Israeli actions, which could lead to a dramatic turn in the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa has asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the parliamentary debates in March 2000 and October 2002, it was formally established that Azar and Abkhazia were autonomous republics within the State of Georgia and that the Constitution was amended accordingly.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for efforts to organize and monitor a referendum on self-determination for the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the Committee's 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to the Special Rapporteur's requests to visit their countries so as to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiatives of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
The strengthening of the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, the steady pace of synchronization of programming cycles and the streamlining and harmonization of procedures, the establishment of United Nations houses in many countries, the progressive introduction of results management and budget, the establishment of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and joint efforts to establish effective collaborative instruments, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, and their relationship to poverty reduction strategy papers in an increasing number, are all aimed at achieving an objective, namely, namely, to strengthen coherence, coherence, efficiency, efficiency, efficiency, efficiency and impact of United Nations development cooperation and effectiveness.
Voluntary contributions are made to the organizations on a separate basis, based on their specific operational, mandate and orientation.
• Central government expenditure by category and use as a percentage of all central government expenditures
In addition, in order to reach a wider audience, a popular version of the Principles is being developed, such as the Indonesian version of the Principles, sponsored by various international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia.
12 noon Press release by the Spokesman
They show that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do contribute to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve the methodology by, for example, more effectively addressing forgotten crises through the consolidated appeals process.
There is a degree of uncertainty regarding the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council makes such requests.
However, as a result of intense debate within Burundian society, it was lifted five days later.
They were the victims of a large number of violent incidents perpetrated by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that demonstrates the awareness of the people of the hope that, with the help of the judicial system, they will be defeated.
(a) A list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that are recognized as capable of conducting laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacology and bio-psychological tests and may be consulted in their own territories;
Congratulates the United Nations Correspondents Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters to cover the activities of the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it may increase the number of scholarships to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing them together as youth partners to identify and formalize a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partnership to prevent HIV infection among youth.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the lead in preparing the draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (as contained in document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group took up the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on the morning of Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the current session, but no final decision was required.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties on the web site in English, French and Spanish had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat and had been published by the Conference of the Parties.
For further information, please refer to information on the firstapgef@.unep.org (notice bar).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be applied for serious accountability and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Meeting (item 21)
No documents were submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model goes on to confirm that content is provided by other departments, offices of the Secretariat and organizations of the United Nations system, and that the role of the Department is to coordinate, improve, convey and disseminate content in close cooperation with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 on money-laundering in the countries of the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of the links between money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it important to continue efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular emphasis on the options of self-determination available to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Eixa (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in response to the first questions posed by the members, and asked whether a third gender existed or whether the Special Rapporteur had merely referred to individual sexual orientation.
Therefore, if a Member State requests interpretation of those languages in oral or written terms, the delegation concerned will bear the costs involved.
WFP provides basic English knowledge as necessary in all cases, while UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services worldwide, as well as the information services of field offices, produced original versions in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese; English; French; German: German; Indian; intentionally: Italian; Portuguese; Russian; Spanish: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and shipment and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approved the medium-term plan as the projected framework for 2003-2006 (see table 4 of document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7 for a summary), including the preparation of regular resources programme expenditures of up to $151 million for submission to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 The provision of funds through extrabudgetary resources in order to facilitate the networks of field offices primarily responsible for the promotion of technical cooperation would greatly facilitate dialogue with Governments to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends the strengthening of effective measures to harmonize family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned that unequal access to the labour market and women are generally limited to working in the agricultural and informal sectors, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that important actions had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act of 2002, the development of an integrated HIV/AIDS research and control programme in partnership with stakeholders and the provision of affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee appreciates the efforts of the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but is also gravely concerned that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to determine the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that comprehensive information and training is provided to law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public on all forms of violence against women and girls.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government to social development.
The Slovak legislation on the export of arms and military goods is contained in Act No. 179/1998 on the transaction of military goods, as subsequently amended.
These general ideas are contained in annex I, entitled “General overview of general claims” (Overview), which is part of the present report and should be read in conjunction with the present report.
With respect to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and shipping certificates without providing the certificate of arrival.
Incisa, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machinery is 28.65 per cent of the “purchase value” insurance policy.
(b) North Refugee Project contract for SCOP: retention bond costs (“claim No. 5”)
This claim refers to alleged costs, including travel and communications, of evacuating Glantre's employees and their dependants from Iraq.
Accordingly, the Panel has considered contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, tangible property losses, financial losses, other losses and interest totalling $38,234,073.
Where the claim fails to provide these specific items or is not accompanied by a statement of claim, this defect is notified to the claimant and the claimant is requested to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“article 15 notification”).
First, in preparation for the acceptance of the bond, a guarantee arrangement is required for the principal sum of the subject of the bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in implementing the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating seven commitments into its national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting a comprehensive approach to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity to discuss in detail ways to improve financing for operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globaloceans/index.htm1#forum).
Convinced that, notwithstanding the way in which mercenaries or mercenary-related activities are used or carried out, whatever form they take in order to obtain some form of legitimacy, they constitute a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders were valid until 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work for the implementation of the recommendations contained in the report of the Commission on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and to those responsible is to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place them outside the Commission's control.
We are confident that the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address the specific issues raised in the sub-items.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only by means of ballot boxes by politicians who have acquired existing power through force.
UNIFEM work in this area increased significantly during the previous SBP 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework presented below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programme options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the resumption of the RUF insurgency, concerns about the ability of the Republic of Sierra Leone Army to preserve its territorial integrity remain elusive.
Because of the difficulty of implementing the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in West Africa in Liberia, the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the moratorium in Liberia.
He was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, on the condition that he would submit his passport to the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can improve in this regard, but it does indeed require, in part, the cessation of all terrorist acts.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, despite Morocco's constitutional recognition of the right to work, the right to work was difficult to implement in the absence of economic and practical social democracy.
At the end of the life span, estimates of benzoate phosphate quality were not accurate: the probability of success increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that greater errors must be recorded, leading to a corresponding reduction in life expectancy.
These measures must be applied by all concerned.
Consideration was also given to the general trend in the geostationary orbit market, with the tendency of satellite operators to move satellites from operational geostationary orbit regions after the end of their active life.
Adoption of the report of the Meeting
In UNCTAD, a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to technical cooperation and capacity development in UNCTAD's areas of expertise will be pursued through enhanced interdivisional cooperation.
Any regional office or sub-office that may be established by the World Tourism Organization shall work closely with regional or subregional offices or branches established or possibly established by the United Nations, in particular those of the regional commissions and the offices of the resident coordinators.
In view of the above, it is estimated that general insurance costs for the biennium 2004-2005 amount to $7,578,000 and general insurance premiums for United Nations property administered by Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 are $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of ODS will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the measures taken and on the progress made in the enjoyment of the rights and on any factors or difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Regrettably, the delay has been severe since the establishment of the Committee.
National policy in this regard should be clearly articulated in the direction of the regional military commanders, and allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f At its seventy-sixth session, the Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname without a report and delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system facilitated the coordination of humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have committed themselves to adopting policies that provide a people-centred path to development with a view to ensuring the creation of the necessary environment in their countries to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
Important commitments have been made in the light of the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and sanitation, and modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to expeditiously complete the delimitation of their common borders.
In particular, participants expressed concern about the ongoing conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities, and called for special attention to be paid to this issue by international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was undertaken and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matia Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work he has done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance he has given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the circulation of a longer version of the national statements.
Mr. Chebani (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you elected to the chairmanship of the First Committee, the Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Stressing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit an analytical report in this regard to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, assessing the role of existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and identifying areas where complementary international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in the task of preparing complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall consider establishing, to the extent consistent with the fundamental principles of its legal system and in accordance with the gravity of the offence, procedures by which, through a court order or any other appropriate means, persons convicted of offences covered by this Convention shall be ineligible to hold the following office within a period of time fixed by its domestic law:
In the absence of such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be undertaken on a case-by-case basis.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States has hardly changed.
At its seventeenth session, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) secretariat on the adequacy of global climate observing systems immediately following the conclusion of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, on the contrary, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the emancipation of peoples remain a sacred duty.
It needs the attention of the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, while there is already a strong normative framework on mines, the instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will significantly contribute to post-conflict mine-clearance efforts.
Overall, the military peacekeeping forces have not carried out large-scale investigations, marked or mine-clearing operations.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of binding international instruments regulating unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach that defines the importance of regional approaches to addressing the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with key national information campaigns urban poor partner organizations to support non-governmental organizations, all levels of government and sub-partner organizations, such as the National Association of Professionals, non-governmental organizations and local governments, and national information campaigns committees have been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal and a regional commission has been established in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned Council resolution, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives as an inter-sessional subsidiary body of the Council with immediate effect.
We will betray our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa awaits a multidimensional response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (148) as at 1 December 2003
Negative security assurances are that the nuclear-weapon States undertake not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most courts are not functioning and most of the infrastructure is destroyed or plundered.
Training in the integrated logistics concept will also be provided to the personnel concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
A voter who does not have a permanent residence registration certificate at the date of the election shall be entitled to vote in the district of the Government's administrative jurisdiction where the place of his final registration is located.
Similarly, women have access to special education programmes, free of gender restrictions, which provide education for students with physical and mental disorders and special needs in the development of general and functional labour skills and vocational education.
The current model of social security is based on the fact that social taxation is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security coverage.
Under the Social Security Act, persons who have been living in the Republic of Latvia for the last 12 months, but for a total of not less than 60 months (citizens of Latvia with personal status codes, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons with the exception of persons with temporary residence permits) are entitled to a State social insurance benefit for persons with disabilities.
At present, the amount of the State allowances provided by Latvia for children born prior to 1 January 1999 is 4.25 LVL for the first child, 5.10 LVL for the second child or 1.2 times higher, 6.80 LVL or 1.6 times higher for the third child, 7.65 LVL for the fourth and subsequent births or 1.8 times higher for the fourth and subsequent births.
Disarmament remains the key to making progress in the peace process in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this item that was dispatched last year.
The general conditions of validity applicable to legal acts, which relate to the legality of the object in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to the general act of recognition, in particular the act of the State.
In particular, the question was whether the author State could unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties related to the assessment or possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve their procurement practices, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors already registered with another United Nations system agency, inter alia, through the use of the Internet and the posting of procurement information on their respective websites;
I will return to this issue later.
Therefore, my delegation would like to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive effects in order to promote this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process under way in the other countries of the Great Lakes region has also progressed.
However, nothing prevents the extension of this new Great Lakes Economic Community to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to those of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that much progress has been made in the negotiation of the draft resolution dealing with this concern.
With a focus on health and sustainable development, the plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing low-cost energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
The Government and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote the rights of rural women with regard to access to resources, particularly land, inheritance and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States provided additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women at the policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism shall be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the presidency of Germany, the debate was further developed in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects this visit to be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations so that the full implementation of the autonomy arrangements can be carried out with full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on an issue to which Australia and, as my colleague from Fiji said, the countries of the Pacific Islands Forum attach great importance.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to assist in these efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has been the victim of the devastating effects of the proliferation of small arms, which are visible in the neighbouring Solomon Islands of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the Transition Group is complementary to our continuing commitment to other assistance to the Bougainville people through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more should be done.
“People!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased informal, adult and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address, in updating the workload standards, the question of the level of documentation self-revision that would ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
In response to a number of specific questions, he said that the issue of the movement of natural persons was being addressed through the request and approval procedures for services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In defiance of repeated calls by the United Nations and the international community for a cessation of violations and acts of aggression, Israel has ignored Lebanon's repeated warnings of the dangers and consequences of such actions, which continue in many cases in depth into Lebanese territory, terrorizing and torturing Lebanese civilians and causing material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kete Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of the socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreements.
Terrorist groups are closely linked to transnational criminal networks, and the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to exercise strict control over financial institutions in order to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), continued activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in the list.
It was pleased that some of the recommendations it had made to that end, particularly with regard to the establishment of aid funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Ten regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 were successfully organized by tourism organizations to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Nearly 1,000 people from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and the exchange of views among various stakeholders in the field of eco-tourism, particularly those that had not been able to participate in the regional preparatory meetings that had already been held.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the issues.
UNICEF Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources throughout the country, laying the groundwork for further development in more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for future new missions aimed at rapid deployment, remarkable progress has been made in this area.
Background information was also provided as follows:
The prevailing view was that the application of law was essential for insolvency proceedings and that information on those issues should be included in the draft Guide to assist and guide legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidatures
However, his delegation was of the view that the decision on whether a reservation or the deletion of the accompanying footnote should be taken in conjunction with the discussion in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy developed for the implementation of the commitments undertaken in thessaloniki, which is available to delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
In his post-election address, the President of the ninth session expressed his appreciation to the Parties for having so confidence in him and to his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Barru, and to the members of the Bureau for their efforts during their term of office.
The COP is now in a position to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of emission limitation and reduction.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance given by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, broad consensus has been emphasized on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the systematic integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events have effectively given us the way forward in eradicating poverty, promoting development and ensuring peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the actions already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system around thematic clusters covering the priority areas of the Partnership, and in this regard urges the strengthening of this process with a view to promoting a coordinated and coherent response by the United Nations system in support of partnerships;
If this amount is unspent, it is indicated in United States dollars only for purposes of comparison, the exchange rate used in this table is the mid-August 1990 exchange rate as set out in volume 4 of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
Specifically, it lost profits of $70,787, $6,804, $146,724, $7,155,488,789 and $12,6,344, respectively, in six contracts.
In addition, if the claim relates to tangible property losses, the Panel selects 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date of loss, as that date is the date on which the claimant lost control of the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC was requested to reimburse ABB for the costs incurred or committed by ABB to third parties prior to termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes in the context of the present draft articles a number of issues that have been mentioned in the articles on Responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts but not addressed.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model and taking into account some earlier work of the Commission on this topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission may wish to take into account the following:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself and loss of profits and tourism (paragraphs 174 (c) (13) and (14) above)
The report should therefore focus on outcomes or outcomes and avoid emphasizing the negotiation process of those instruments or the attitude of States, either during or after the conclusion of the negotiations.
It was noted that the effect of recognition would vary depending on the specific type of recognition.
Working methods
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the true intention of the objecting State, rather than the legal effect of objections to reservations as set out in the Vienna Convention.
Unless the treaty provides otherwise or otherwise provides, the withdrawal of a reservation becomes operative only when a Contracting State or a contracting organization has received notification of the withdrawal.
As noted in paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the creation and interrelationship of international judicial institutions.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this disagreement with this theory, see P. H. Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Pedone Press, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institut, 1988, pp. 223-224, cited.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, held from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of the modification, suspension, withdrawal of unilateral acts was also examined, namely, whether States could modify, suspend or revoke unilateral acts, as they had done.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years and are the longest-serving prisoners in the world.
However, some of the officials concerned appear to have an interest in restoring these services and exploring the possibility of restoring common services in terms of recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the areas of buildings and facilities management and conference services, which could be used for reference to common services at the Vienna International Centre.
A/C.5/38/87 of 7 December 1983.
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and more systematic in collaboration with civil society organizations in conflict prevention and sustainable peace-building.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar, held at The Valley, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern at the cases before the Territory Tribunal,
Acting for this purpose under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such a case, the stoning method is suitable for the area where the soil condition indicates the most beneficial.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to this resolution.
Since 1997, Sea BiFS has also enabled global measurements of abundant terrestrial and marine plants, leading to baseline measurements of optical compounds — one of the key parameters of life support systems — into the Earth's atmosphere over a five-year period.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest level of government in order to provide scientists with spatial data in many areas of research and applications;
However, an increasing number of people are increasingly breaking silence and acting more actively against this policy that impedes normal relations with families and Cuba.
Efforts are under way to develop an exception to common law, within which such acts can be defined as serious crimes.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism has been one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See the reply to subparagraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, 8 were deployed to four districts (1 General Service staff and 1 United Nations Volunteer each).
The detachment in the other sub-districts will consist of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, supported by two national staff members.
Questions not falling within the scope of other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people are bound by legally binding agreements: half of Norwegian young couples with children are married.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially when the rapists and the victims know each other, and this is another reason for the low allegations.
Article III 483 - 500 100
This is the result of cultural patterns and the social status of women, but the selection of occupations with low labour market demand is also the case.
At the same time, the low expenditure of rural household registration (3 per cent lower than income) shows that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 (1971) concerning Workers' Representatives provides that the benefits to be accorded to trade union representatives and workers' representatives shall be protected in the same manner as staff representatives, since both represent the individual and collective interests of workers that are respected by the principles of national legislation.
Data on infectious diseases (excluding influenza and AIDS) in Montenegro, 1992-2001
Monograph “Disabled persons and their environment”, Centre for Alternative Learning and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region on the basis of a change in this situation and Israeli policy, and a just and comprehensive peace based on the coexistence of two States, Palestine and Israel.
1.2 Progress reports on the enactment of legislation that provides for penalties for the financing or financing of terrorist acts; the adaptation of domestic legislation to bring it into line with the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The specific institutions of law enforcement and defence of the State, namely the Chilean armed forces and the military police (paramilitary police), are not subject to the general subjective prohibition mentioned in point 2.
Mr. Tenwin (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “Triennial trials”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia with a view to the early establishment of a special chamber.
However, there was no reason to avoid a situation of reciprocity in the responsibility of a State for the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex.
As a result, El Salvador's judges are independent of the cases submitted to them, regardless of their rank.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the later reported arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, known as “illegal and politically unacceptable”; under that arrangement, it would be for the two States to discuss which air traffic measures of the European Union would apply to the Territory and which should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the human cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in relation to weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular for the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support and well-developed child protection strategies.
These problems pose a major challenge to the informal or formal role of youth in forestry.
It is hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations will redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and give him the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chap.
I cannot fail to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a huge impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, demonstrated the usefulness of the Forum and the wisdom of the General Assembly in its resolution 57/141, by which the Assembly decided to pursue the process for another three years.
Despite all the efforts that have been made, the problems posed by pollution of the marine environment are, unfortunately, far from being resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are a number of specific issues in the area of ocean activity that require continued and concerted action by the international community at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it would mark the tenth anniversary of the institution.
According to the Prosecutor-General's Office, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit has not investigated such crimes.
Several enhancements to the security of the premises have also been completed as planned (the upgrading of the television surveillance and public broadcasting systems in the blast-resistant plasm, in the garage and on the roof).
Conclusion
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, as appropriate and in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, in the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has launched a dedicated web page on the United Nations web site for the observance of Human Rights Day activities, with links to resources on related issues.
National human rights institutions play an important role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and they should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who possesses or uses radio or television equipment or any design or modification of electronic means for unlawful purposes sends or receives a signal that only one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment may be imposed.
Looking back at the results achieved over the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have an opportunity to express their views on reform and to present their proposals for reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality among States as enshrined in the Charter and of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the position of certain influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not acted upon Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country and the threats and possible trends to your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of the Board's further review of issues such as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“An enormous potential is provided for the well-being of young people and their employment creation, and action plans should take fully into account the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires would indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize those obligations that States parties had already undertaken under the various international human rights instruments to which they were parties and must not be construed as a modification of their obligations.
Human rights defenders protest or criticize laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves are the subject of the security legislation of many countries.
Compared to previous national communications, Parties' third communications have significantly improved the presentation of information and the reporting of policies and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all members of the Conference and to non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a Means of Developing a Digital Economy
In response to requests from various task managers, the UNCCD secretariat has contributed, where possible, to the Secretary-General's thematic reports on land and agriculture in chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, to the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) The right to rule in pre-trial proceedings in other cases, except in cases that have been appointed.
It prepared draft rules of procedure of the Board, terms of reference of the Panel and special contract agreements for experts serving with the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to devote most of its time at its fortieth session, in October 2002, to a substantive discussion of the issues raised in the preliminary survey by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country can reverse the rising infection rate even if it has a rate of over 10 per cent, as in Uganda.
But that is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA has received from the programme countries it supports and recognizes that the mobilization of funds is a shared responsibility of UNFPA and its entire membership.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42, 43 and 47; S/22110/Add.6-9, 13, 14, 17, 20, 24, 32, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-41 and 45; and S/1996/15/Add.14, 12 and 23; S/2002/30/Add.13 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.13, 41 and 39; and S/1996/15/Add.13, 45 and 50; S/1998/44/Add.2, paras.
Fourthly, the military revolution is on the rise, arms are becoming more complex and the boundaries between conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction are becoming blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee agreed to the timetable.
This time demonstrates that the period for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people is set, but it should be synchronized with the political process leading to Iraq's sovereign Government.
This may lead to inconsistencies in requirements and other problems for enterprises that result in enterprises falling short of the public requirement of information for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices that are members of United Nations country teams have a very important role to play in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment is used, reference should be made to the IPCC good practice guidance before accessing the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary one.
Upon completion of that work, we should — and I hope we can — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), under paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, which is aimed at determining Kosovo's final status.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Endorses, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to the acquisition of the United Nations complex through a pre-lease purchase agreement with the United Nations, which will be owned by the building and the building at the end of the agreement;
Environmental and social reporting must be verified in order to ensure its credibility.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and the EFTA countries and members of the European Economic Area align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) contributed significantly to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and the negotiating capacity of developing countries by sharing knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) increased participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the global supply network; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
The cooperation between UNDP and the regional commissions has also improved in some areas; however, the Executive Secretaries agreed on the need for UNDP to be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia affected Africa indirectly by its impact on global commodity demand and supply.
Efforts have therefore been made to ensure coherence in the development framework policies of the Consultative Group, round tables and at the country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assess the interlinkages between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent drought and the coffee crisis in the northern part of the country in Chidunga and Managua and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will take place within the framework of an integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must be over 24 years of age.
Many major issues of concern, such as reform of the international financial market and terms of trade, control of the effects of environmental pollution, the risk of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food and rapid urbanization, are of course governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal was to reaffirm the readiness of the Russian Federation to give advance notice of the spacecraft to be launched and their purpose and basic parameters.
4.5 Through joint investment by the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects in poor rural communities have been introduced focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in sectors 2 and 3.
However, women in the interior accounted for only 7 per cent of births with the help of doctors.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more efficient and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, over the years the project has significantly expanded its scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the abuse of international asylum systems and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been the victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including one of the largest ever terrorist attacks in Bali on 12 October 2002 and, most recently, the Malio Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with the major cases, the mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All the components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to exchange partial or full market exchange rates with Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela, after a comprehensive review of countries that had adjusted their exchange rates for the period 2001-2003, where the increase in gross national income (GNI) appears to be significantly different from that in United States dollars.
Once the Committee has decided to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006 it has begun to apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations with regard to the implementation of sentences,4 but understands that future budget requests for the enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided to support each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, responsibility for the drafting of a national report on the United Nations Convention on Human Rights was entrusted to an inter-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A more detailed report will be provided after the meeting, reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
Infant mortality is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxford, New York, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada promoted action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, in the common desire.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library conducted 125 training courses for a total of 631 trainees, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, depository librarians and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary body shall inform the headquarters of the bank or financial institution so that a computer system can be established to properly track the movement of currencies.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of least developed countries in the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-Agency Trade-related Technical Assistance to Least Developed Countries and expanding South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction activities.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 reflect the importance of language capacity by maintaining resources for all levels of language training.
5.1 General comments
7.1 The Federal Institution Appointment Act
It urges the Government to ensure that higher and continuing education for lawyers and judges adequately includes a deeper understanding of equality and non-discrimination and of international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, such cross-cutting working groups have been established in many states of the Federation, as the fight against human trafficking can only be successful through close cooperation between the various units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States parties to accelerate the achievement of de facto equality between men and women shall not be regarded as discrimination under the present Convention, nor shall they lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; they shall be discontinued when the objectives of equality of opportunity and treatment have been achieved.
At the level of salary in category B (which is roughly equivalent to the executive branch), the proportion of women in Germany is 52.94 per cent (117 women and 104 men), and in category C (which is roughly equivalent to intermediate services), the proportion of women is 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons raising children contribute to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure, on a basis of equality of men and women:
Gross monthly income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to escalate tension and to attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor in the Odessa region of Ukraine (2.2 million inhabitants).
Under article 500 of the Penal Code, persons who assist and incite terrorist offences are responsible for the offences if they are unable to identify the perpetrators of terrorist offences.
Published in the Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
It was an outstanding question whether the depositary should also communicate the reasons when transmitting to the other States parties information that could not be formulated.
Otherwise, the depositary would be transformed into a supervisor, possibly losing the separate “post office” nature, which is wrong under the current law and is undesirable under the proposed law.
The Committee was therefore urged to pay more attention to the circumstances in which the activities of foreign ships raised liability and to the corresponding preventive and cooperative efforts of flag States, States of registry and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that recent trends in the rules of international law, such as environmental and economic law, were increasingly characterized by a self-contained regime, and that, as a first step, the Commission could investigate comprehensively the rules and mechanisms governing the treatment of potentially conflicting norms and mechanisms found in the relevant international instruments and then analyse the rules of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty legal rules, in order to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to clarify the conceptual link between the two issues.
The participants concluded that greater efforts were needed to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
In order to avoid the conflict, UPDF withdrew from the Yambio camp and police headquarters in the town.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to make every effort to reach compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
Most of the efforts made in recent years towards peace in the Middle East have taken place outside the Council.
In particular, policy makers wish to ensure adequate representation of researchers with a view to meeting the increased scientific capacity of countries and the increased focus on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The focus of the subsequent two-year cycle will be determined at each policy session.
Policy paper by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in increasing national productivity and competitiveness and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict shall take all feasible precautions in areas under their control that are affected by explosive remnants of war to protect civilian populations, individual civilians and civilian objects from the effects of explosive remnants of war.
The stockpiled explosive ordnance should be subject to periodic physical firing tests, as appropriate, in order to ensure that the munition can function as intended.
Welcoming also the active launching of the strengthened review process at the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002, for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,
UNCTAD
While we vigorously pursue the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process of law are not violated.
Such reporting would help the sanctions committees measure the degree of compliance with sanctions and identify the technical assistance needed by States to improve implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 into the programme of work of the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of using a multi-cluster approach to staff resources, as implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), could be explored, including between OCHA and the Office of Human Resources Management, to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large or complex emergencies, while removing staff from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve staff.
This has enabled WHO to be fully eligible to benefit from the World Bank as a funding institution later and to coordinate the relationship between WHO representatives in Dili and UNTAET seconded experts from WHO (although the provision in this regard represents only a fraction of the overall funding of WHO activities in East Timor).
Details are contained in the Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024, dated 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The EU's recent emphasis in the Common Foreign and Security Policy on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign that we want our common efforts to be at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-handling devices.
He welcomed the UNCTAD report's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Advisory Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
As the Conference on Disarmament is facing an impasse, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that can discuss the principles of disarmament — will, as always, serve as a framework for effective and fruitful exchanges.
Since the inception of nuclear weapons, mankind has been exploring ways of eliminating nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously launch practical ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, on behalf of the States members of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it does not completely ban landmines, but the way forward has gained broad support from the major user States and major producing States.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and that it has nominated a diplomat for the important position in Oseille (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) to take over.
His Government believed that the draft UNCITRAL Model Legislative Provisions on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects represented progress in the true sense that would enable States to harmonize their legislation, and it was also pleased that the Commission had decided to merge the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including dates and venue
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted, inter alia, that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme
Mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the landmine problem in many post-conflict situations is a precondition for consolidating peace and starting reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to clear mines and destroy unexploded ordnance.
Furthermore, the representative of Israel declared his readiness to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
Progress in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, with cumbersome procedures and even countries that have reached the completion point unlikely to feel at the end of the process that they are in a sustainable debt level.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the enterprise resource planning system will replace all existing systems used at headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
Prisoners with long sentences can be carried out by electronic means of monitoring when they serve the last four months of imprisonment.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention in the field of crime prevention and expressed the hope that future cooperation on issues of common concern would be pursued.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit Conference, I believe it is incumbent upon me to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can convey to the members of the Security Council so that they take our position into account when considering the above-mentioned issues.
If we continue to build on those fundamental points, I believe that we can outline a new vision of global security: respect for human rights in the face of the various threats to our times, including terrorism.
The remainder will be reported in future instalments.
2 The Panel compared the Palestinian “late claims” to the full category “C” original claim and the groups of the total amount: that is, to Kuwaitis, Jordanians and Palestinians who filed claims with Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review is to provide brief and highly general information on a number of issues that are representative of the United Nations in technical cooperation delivery to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
In this sense, competition among United Nations technical cooperation providers leads to choices, while overall coherence is achieved through the country programming process.
Also welcomes the continuing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop their cooperation with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and to give due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights when continuing their work in accordance with Security Council resolutions related to terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace, which encompasses respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and acceptance of differences and mutual understanding between and among States and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, today the range of values, ideas, traditional practices, patterns of behaviour and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace have become integral parts of almost all major initiatives in national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, Norwegian armed forces do not use air-delivered cluster bombs with potentially high rates of bombs.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results of the meetings of these organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It is not possible to allow the provision of cover for States that are committed to supporting and glorifying terrorism by submitting lengthy national reports.
Also calls upon Israel to abide by Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in respect of the safety of the staff of the Agency, the protection of the Agency's institutions and the security of its facilities;3
Control of precursors
With regard to agenda item 107, “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160) following resolution 57/167.
Article 20 sets out the requirement of continuous nationality until the date of the claim, which arises in relation to individuals and shall be extended to legal persons on judicial grounds.
However, there are still vulnerable employees who have been excluded from the labour market under a decade-long relaxation of the labour market and have almost no trade union protection, and while there are allegations of violations of good faith, mediation through employment relations legislation has led to less confrontational labour relations and to the resolution of disputes in other areas, such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation acknowledged that the introduction of a ceiling on paid parental leave would limit the participation of fathers in the programme, particularly given the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In an effort to resist pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand is committed to focusing on children who are dissolved from marriage or relationship.
In their view, the interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information to make recommendations by consensus, and all relevant criteria for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met and the relevant due process had been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contribution of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first increase in net inflows was due to deregulation in industrialized countries and rapid growth in the European dollar market.
During the 1990s, the official “Save-up” operation became the main international mechanism to deal with debt-servicing capacity issues, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementation of HIPC II: Meeting of the HIPC Ministers with the Bretton Woods institutions to express concerns about the HIPC Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, 27 September 2002, Washington, D.C., www.dri.org.uk.
(h) Common integrated third-party insurance schemes should be introduced at bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The Secretary-General's report (A/57/387), in paragraph 56, refers to two sets of measures recommended: improving the quality of the reports and analyses produced by special procedures, including the designation of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and the selection of appointees, the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines; and the need to strengthen the Organization's capacity to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professional staff and the provision of good administrative support.
It was gratifying, however, that 14 of the 99 representatives of the National Assembly were women, while one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council was a woman.
The number of students enrolled in lower secondary schools (secondary level) now exceeds the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
Although there is no parallel plan specifically for women, the Royal Government is committed to integrating measures to promote women's participation in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the special needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare, as Bhutan does not prohibit divorce as many other countries do.
Most of the actions taken to combat this trade would drive sex workers into the ground, so that they are not monitored and treated, nor can they be consulted on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should contribute to improving the use of ICT in all countries and to bridging the digital divide.
Finalize the areas of agreement and the resolution of outstanding issues with a view to preparing a generally acceptable instrument based on the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and on the discussions and outcomes of the Open-ended Working Group of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee and recommending the format of the instrument.
Two hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and were extensively damaged; the second was used as a centre for the detention of hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotels referred to in the third claim hotels were extensively burned by Iraqi forces.
Thus, for example, in relation to the three claims filed by persons operating in Kuwait, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that due period of compensation was set by the first and second claimants on 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 and 1 January 1993 as claimed by the third claimant on 31 March 1992 instead of 31 March 1992.
The computational value of commercial securities should be calculated, cash flows and reserves should be forecast and the expected profit and loss streams determined on the assumption.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of local civilians and of personnel participating in humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of the law, science and the arts, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution with the Iraqi friends of common value to the Iraqi people should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people themselves.
Gross national income per capita was reduced to almost half of the year 2000.
6 Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Occupied Territories (UNSCO) on 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised budget estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed staffing level for the biennium 2002-2003 and, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above, the projections for 2004-2005.
As a result, resignations were made, as did the two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
English
Source: Prepared by the National Institute of Statistics, Spanish statistics on higher education and Spanish education statistics of the Ministry of Science Education.
With regard to the overall mortality rate of the population, 371,102 deaths were recorded in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The Network, which is composed of professionals, seeks to promote the inclusion of a special issue of women's health in the preparation of programmes and research.
Policies and programmes
Amendments to the law relating to the situation listed above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
There is no doubt that this issue poses a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States maintains its support for the designation of 18 years as the minimum age for mandatory recruitment or use in hostilities by State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be regarded as efficient when its effects, or “effectiveness”, are consistent with the objectives guiding its operation.
It was so decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to this view, a comprehensive approach cannot yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, supplementary to the “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative addressed a letter to the Chief Executive on the understanding of the United Nations of our common and individual responsibilities in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) concerning the orderly transfer of authority from the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_299v.htm (Germany)
Promotion of the enjoyment of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be drawn from the knowledge generated by external evaluations, project monitoring and/or through “learning by doing” in the implementation of the project.
While knowledge and understanding have been translated into behaviour change is rare, they can usefully complement and enhance information and action on other interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
Furthermore, in addition to the Bouaké area, the Forces Nouvelles did not allow full freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Man and Buna, they only allowed controlled access to military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the diplomatic process of trying to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated the peaceful settlement of the conflict and has reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions. The voting was as follows:
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to spare no effort to improve the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, it was equally aware that the change of baseline data was a serious matter that could be accepted only if the Committee had fully considered that the changes were justified, and that the Committee had developed the approach for future submissions, which would be set out in a proposed decision.
He concluded by noting that, in the context of these two huge atmospheric changes, environmental impacts give us more reason to strive for the protection of the ozone layer: the faster we have achieved, the less the damage will be caused.
(ii) All consumption of methyl bromide, except for essential uses that may be approved by the Parties, was terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the reduction plan;
The Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed has not received appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such cases the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings until the arbitral tribunal has heard the party's statements]; or
It was further explained that the revised draft was intended to give courts discretion to refuse recognition and enforcement of an interim measure, and that the court should not only be satisfied that there was a major problem, but also be convinced of the proper basis for refusal of enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of such a provision should avoid unnecessary deviations from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group was of the view that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State does not have fewer circumstances where enforcement must be refused, this is not inconsistent with the uniformity sought by these model provisions.
C. Factors determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts had agreed that the advertising of Internet goods was merely an invitation (invitatio ads of preferences) and that a binding contract would be established only when the seller accepted the buyer's offer.
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Service is responsible for the following anti-money-laundering investigations as the supervisory authority under section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Act No. 153 of 26 May 1997, through the Unit for the Special Police in the Currency (and, as authorized, in the respective regions and provinces).
It is very clear that this crime must be committed in Italian territory or, in any case, within the jurisdiction of the Italian criminal law.
First counts
(Signed) Mr. NGUIE MBOB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the national court of Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiz Deliu came from the city of Vitina and were charged with terrorist activities, the illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
(b) The SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical paper prepared by the IPCC on the interlinkages between biodiversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work of the Convention;
Harvard University (2003 Winter): Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Philippe Heinzner taught a course entitled “Empowering the judiciary”, analysing how prosecutors can perform their functions in countries where public and private law is practised and examining ways of committing crimes committed by prosecution officials at the national and international levels, and organizing a seminar entitled “Human rights, international commerce, corruption and the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue aimed at more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the GEF as an operating financial mechanism entity, building on lessons learned from projects and programmes funded by the Global Environment Facility, and to seek to simplify these guidance, and to report on the outcome of this dialogue in its report to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for country-driven action to address the specific needs and circumstances of Parties and to reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
Furthermore, in view of the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that it would be preferable to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange rather than the price adjustment rate to the current scale in order to reassess the country's rate of assessment for 2003.
The European Union was of the view that adjustments to some assessments, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, should in no case lead to an increase in the assessment of other Member States provided for in the scale adopted by the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized but unincorporated Territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Bill of Rights lists the rights to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and freedom of religion.
A concern in recent years has been the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of the rights and interests of the civilian population by the parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
Interviews with the “Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to second a senior diplomat to serve as permanent ambassadors in the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Correspondence Network.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation aimed at the Al Qaeda and Taliban has been updated on several occasions to bring them into line with the amendments to the relevant Security Council sanctions committees and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amiri decree of 7 January 1979 concerning the Ministry of Education
As a result of the review, OIOS terminated nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
Unless the State Party from which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article so agrees, that person, whatever his or her nationality, shall not be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction of his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred for acts, omissions or convictions prior to his or her departure from the territory of the State from which he or she was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public service management, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, provide information to the Conference of the States Parties on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as legislative and administrative measures, adopted to give effect to this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must live side by side in peace and security within recognized borders.
From the standpoint of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation, North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there any other benefits that can help strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96), which provides guidance on access by States and other actors to prevention, treatment, care and support in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975 with reservation 1,23.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should begin on the date of their election, namely, 21 April.
The revised appeal requests remain modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the equality of women and men with regard to article 2, paragraph 2, and article 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party enact specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures at the national level to ensure that home households have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the ancestral lands of the songbo communities intergenerationally and to ensure that any evictions comply with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
Joint statements by non-governmental organizations should be encouraged.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms, such as “whose surfaces” or “place of presentation”, which have different meanings in paper and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in meeting the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations during the past decade
Activities:
Determine the conditions of Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and provide the necessary support for rehabilitation.
According to the Arab Labour Organization, all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, businesspeople's organizations and workers' organizations, must be provided with the following forms of assistance:
- The League will assist in the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high- and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources according to their capacities, thereby avoiding growing overdependence on a limited number of donors.
Many of these clearly reflect the interface with the UNDAF and the UNICEF contribution to the MDGs.
The draft decision was adopted.
As a result, the FIU has promoted training programmes related to the prevention of the legalization of capital and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
As for illicit synthetic drugs, particularly amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their origin and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that organizational and substantive preparations were planned; most unedited pre-session documentation had been circulated to all members of the Committee and posted on the website of the Committee of Permanent Representatives; the approved final version would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Insert the first preambular paragraph
Official exports were reported to have reached $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one took the floor under the item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of introducing new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and to ensure the most cost-effective and timely delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, activities such as the African Development Forum, which is aimed at reaching consensus on important issues of African development and developing a collective African perspective on these issues and on ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners, will be undertaken.
Ms. Gabr, noting that the major problem of poverty directly affected girls' education and increased illiteracy rates, which affected women's employment, said that urgent remedial measures were clearly required.
Specific UNICEF support is provided for in country programmes of cooperation.
The examples given are only illustrative and cannot be one.
The Council reiterates its intention to keep the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review and welcomes the deployment of the European Union Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
Not long ago, the United States-led Joint Command was unilaterally disguised as the “United Nations Command” and has been abused so far to violate the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
These consultations included the participation of the Chairperson in a meeting on the draft general comments organized by the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 presents export income data from various sources.
This article sets out the obligation to investigate and to prevent the punishment of human cloning.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories with appointments of one year or more
Table 1 shows gender distribution by department or office and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reports on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session and sets out policy principles, objectives and goals aimed at facilitating spouse employment.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization model project entitled “Saving Women's Life: Skilled Care Initiative” was granted a five-year grant of US$ 8 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, which significantly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association, Mrs. Paqurette Girard, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges held in Taipei in November 1999.
This term is defined as the permanent or temporary expulsion of a person, family or even community from the house or land in which they live, contrary to their will, without, or without recourse to, appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusion of the recent study by the United Nations and others on the analysis of the impact of sanctions is that these exemptions do not have such effects.
In order to carry out this function effectively, it is important to inform the relevant courts or tribunals of the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the system of public responsibility, especially with regard to State-funded activities.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law, as set out in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(a) National indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources;
The State party's interference with the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with cases of violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
States parties have generally pointed out the methods of declaring a state of emergency as defined in their legal systems and the applicable provisions regulating derogations from laws.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), charges may be raised orally or in writing, provided the law and facts on which they are based are indicated.
In interpreting the scope of permissible restrictive clauses, States parties should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including the rights to equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as set out in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interaction of many articles ensures the objectives of the Covenant.
The principle of one vote must be enforced, and the votes cast by the electorate should be equal in the framework of each national electoral system.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws or customs that may interfere with the right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice of their own religion or to use their own language.
In order to ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funding (including funds dedicated to children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, premises and any financial controls that do not affect their independence.
Government departments can only be consulted.
Clearly, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account in any future programme of work on decolonization.
Therefore, we do not present it as a formal draft resolution, but want to give delegations an opportunity to consider it and decide how we can do it.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, and to submit it to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely, the Magistrates' Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act gives British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living and the purchasing power is the ninth highest in the world.
The average pension income of persons over 54 years of age is $11,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education for its inhabitants is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared to other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrators; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminological journals and other publications; officials and members of professional bodies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular funds and programmes, wherever possible, on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need for further exploration of other sources of funding, which are complementary to and not a substitute for traditional sources;
Notes the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, coherence and coordination, including through the further harmonization of the strategic framework, approaches, models and partnership arrangements with full reference to the priorities of recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring, under the leadership of national authorities, greater coherence between the strategic frameworks and national poverty reduction strategies, including those already developed;
Stresses the importance of enhancing the institutional capacity of least developed countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, as required, to provide adequate support to the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system and its subsequent decision to devote the coordination segment of its first meeting in 2005 to the review and appraisal of system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions,
Considering also the Barcelona Declaration and the programme of work annexed to the Declaration, which emerged from the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of connecting the Mediterranean transport network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure their interoperability,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels alone cannot ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized the following four members as members of the Board of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office, expiring on 30 June 2007: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Erin (Argentina); Mariana Pavloğ-Sivussia (Russian Federation); and Salman Suban (Bangladesh/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003,248 endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in this regard for a period of three years, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti Foundation for Housing and Social Integration of the Homeless
(d) To note that the Committee no longer considers complaints by States against:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide to the Secretariat, six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties, information on their activities using the above-mentioned draft format and questionnaire;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedure had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to prepare, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five panellists addressed the sub-theme on trends in trafficking in human beings, with particular emphasis on data collection, global trends against trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children were reported to be the placement of them in urban households, which in some cases became forms of trafficking.
UNITAR English-language workshop on the structure and drafting and adoption of United Nations resolutions
The inspection also found no indication of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activities.
Question of Tokelau
States should not lose sight of the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director presented to the Executive Board, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), a year-end preliminary forecast that UNOPS had actually achieved better results in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to visit the facility site of Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed important, and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as was done at the previous session.
With the same clear objective, several of us, through the Organization of American States (OAS), have supported the call to other countries in our region to adhere to or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts deserves to be considered, and that the Secretary-General of the United Nations could convene the Panel of Experts to carry out specific verification tasks, subject to a Security Council mandate.
It should be mentioned here that the Norwegian Refugee Council's Global IDP Project will promote the use of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
Although corporations were the principal legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, they were not the only legal persons that might need such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply whether or not the arbitral, judicial or similar proceedings relate to a dispute that is or has been the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for their presence on our side and for everything they have done to resolve the crisis peacefully.
However, in order for the Unit to maximize its impact on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it was not sufficient to improve the quality of the formulation and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed its mission one hour and returned to the Canal Hotel.
(a) Assist in the launching of a thematic network in 2005 (US$ 40,000 for consultants and participants);
During the continuing dialogue on the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council issued 13 draft strategic objectives at the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) Maintain a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any combination, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business as a result of such a combination is preparatory or ancillary.
The Government of Hungary believes that the present report, as well as previous reports, will assist the Committee in assessing the action taken by Member States and in making recommendations for consideration by the Security Council on the improvement of existing measures.
(2) The seizure of a large number of assets or property for the purposes stated in subparagraph (a) and the exchange of conditions for the non-destruction or damage of the asset or property or its restitution shall be punished in accordance with paragraph (1) if the request is made to a governmental or international organization.
The Seoul branch of the National Federation of Family Women's Clubs of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group” reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a one-time allowance is determined annually by the Minister of Labour.
Women still account for more than 50 per cent of the agricultural population since 1990, 51.6 per cent in 1998, 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and 51.5 per cent in 2000 respectively.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity of adoption, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are valid only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
WORLD CONFERENCE AGAINST RACISM,
The discussion recorded in the summary record began at 2.25 p.m.
As far as the latter is concerned, at what session of the Committee?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the intention of IMF was not to establish a standard but to recognize the standards already developed by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis of inter-State relations; mutual respect and the desire for peace are the links that link nations large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 as contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special meeting of the Security Council Committee against Terrorism held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova presented a summary report on the counter-terrorism activities of the Group.
It is this message that has led to the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that have taken place since the last few years, including, in particular, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg summits.
On the nomination of the representative of Belize, Jince Miller (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that there would be no change in the allocation of resources between the various language units of United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4, on LDCs, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacity in LDCs was a complex issue requiring a long-term perspective.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty eradication, and the International Development Indicators to combat poverty plans to achieve at least 7 per cent of GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people did not have access to vital public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides real opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition, individually and collectively, to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The following are examples of the issues under the current agenda items and related actions referred to in the comments.
Recalling Council resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any African country emerging from conflict, and Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat human trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, with the Gender Equality Information and Policy Centre of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Belarusian Federation of Young Women's Christian Associations, with financial support from the United Nations offices in the country, in November 2001, published a booklet entitled Trafficking in Persons: Imagine or Reality.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve the impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the proposed budget for the Foundation for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $0.5 million, of which $4.29 million is for programme resources, $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration.
A portion of the operational costs of the office is charged to the special purpose contributions of the Russian Federation to the Foundation each year (expenses earmarked for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance undertook preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other business
Rapporteur: Mr. Damin Corr (Ireland)
Notes that the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-second session, continued its work as mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, in plenary meeting, its report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Accept, in accordance with article 5.2 of the Constitution of UNIDO, the request of Lithuania to reinstate its voting rights;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at the development and improvement of the Palestinian industrial sector, and in particular the encouraging results of the pilot phase of the project, which began in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat showed that Africa's problems were a long-term problem.
Even if estimates were based on the most optimistic growth prospects of the world economy, it would seem difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Cancún Ministerial Conference was another matter of concern.
Those working in the sanctions committees are well aware that the same name comes again.
We would like to suggest that this approach be taken on a more regular basis in the future for Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these different discussions should serve as a reference for the Council to deal with the issues it has undertaken.
(d) Further sensitizing criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, in particular through training, to the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes through:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wend Wendland outlined the WIPO work and planned future meetings on traditional knowledge.
He again met with the Government's senior ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of the Interior, the Minister of Agriculture, Chan Sarun, and the Minister of Land Administration, Ibrahim Chhunle.
The proposed programme will require extensive consultation, a well-informed public debate and active consultation with public judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between the “lawful region” and the “real region”.
With the end of the armed conflict, large areas of land became highly valuable assets, inducing the military to claim ownership of former battlefields and uncontrolled remote areas.
The analytical process leading to the development of the Standard Rules is the product of the joint efforts of many international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and expert groups affiliated with the monitoring mechanism of the Standard Rules.
A number of nominees were identified in Australia, which is being investigated by the relevant Australian authorities.
While he was aware of the differences in national legal systems, cultural diversity and different stages of development, and should be taken into account in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he noted that those differences should not be the reason for diminishing the achievement of the objectives of the future convention.
Some mid-term reviews found that some of the advocacy activities were too broad and recommended that UNFPA focus on specific regions while maintaining appropriate focus at the country level.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the issue of the Quartet on International Mediation — Russian Federation, United States of America, European Union and United Nations “road map” on peace in the Middle East
Three people were killed in the blast and more than 200 were injured.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to assist in the completion of the transition process and in the follow-up of the mandate of UNPOB at the end of this year.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina referred in particular to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard had cited important documents published by the United Nations.
According to its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as promoting learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote the development of anti-mafia culture in society, particularly among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals in investigation and judicial bodies working to prevent and combat organized crime.
Section 4 Responsibility of departments, offices and heads of mission
We note the continuing efforts to simplify and harmonize programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, which we hope will reduce transaction costs and strengthen national ownership in developing countries.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach that promotes institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, better coordination and standard-setting for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) A peacekeeping military exercise, code-named “Biyongho 2003”, was held in Fransville, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme managers”, add the words “according to mandate”.
The Board is of the view that repatriation grants to retiring United Nations staff members have been out of date 50 years later and must be reviewed by the International Civil Service Commission.
The Committee noted that the objective of the merged CEB secretariat was to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response by the United Nations system to the policy directives and mandates of Member States and looked forward to the implementation by CEB of the relevant part of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In that regard, the Committee emphasized the need for CEB to keep under review the issue of inter-agency coordination on the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Responses to the door-to-door transport questionnaire and the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, the problems of railways must be taken fully into account.
The experts responsible for the establishment of the web profile workshop made important recommendations that the General Assembly should take into account.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies according to their pre-retirement wages and working age, up to 37.8 per cent (an average increase of 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property claims
The Claimant further asserts that the Transfer was agreed upon on 6 August 1990 and that it was not signed solely as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The D claims report relates to the review of individual claims for damages above USD 100,000; E1 claims for review of oil sector claims; E2 claims reports for review of claims submitted on behalf of non-Kuwaiti and other business entities; E3 claims reports for review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; F4 claims for review of environmental claims; and individual claims for Palestinian claims for review of the maximum amount of USD 100,000.
Decision concerning payment of the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) since September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities were initiated in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste treatment plants have been established in Ethiopia and process optimization activities (clean technology) have been undertaken in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally corrected it by adding, in operative paragraph 16, the dates for the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of States particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity for implementation
(m) Importers must obtain import licences from their local authorities and copies of export licences from exporters prior to import;
(f) States could strengthen cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and should take measures to ensure the legality of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the country level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions to implement a standard computerized debt management system in the Treasury Department and/or the Central Bank Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in its effective use.
1 General Service (Other level) ( Language Assistant) — Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (Case Manager)
• Work with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section on the drafting of an allegation document (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and a legal submission (especially in relation to evidentiary and procedural issues).
The objective of the subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively dealt with by the Section without causing unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance - 16 months (P-2): €73,584
Therefore, the first half of 2004 will be the time the Secretariat can use to complement its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government to provide more information on the state of health of women and, as a result, research is under way to obtain sex-disaggregated data on infant and child mortality, breastfeeding, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
Nothing in this article shall be interpreted to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude the exercise by a State Party of any criminal jurisdiction established by its domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status of measures taken and progress made in the implementation of this request.
If no such agreement or arrangement has been concluded between the States Parties concerned, those States Parties may consider adopting this Convention as the basis for mutual law enforcement cooperation in respect of any offence covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the enhancement of international peace and security, and stresses that this objective will be further promoted if it is implemented in a comprehensive, universal and effective manner, and for the benefit of all mankind, by eliminating the possibility of the use of chemical weapons at all levels;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, where necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination in the United Nations on grounds of nationality, race, sex, religion and language, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem “Al-Quds” in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, and to give due consideration to the recommendations in conformity with the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as measured by the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a very poor country, and the text in the box below describes how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between initiatives and strive to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at any of your border points or while transiting your territory?
Another speaker said that it was time to make greater efforts to inform the world about the broad impact of the work of the United Nations.
Regulatory environment 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and insurance for preferential prices; Financial incentives: tax-exempt period, reduction or exemption from taxes on profits, capital, labour force, sales, value added and imports and exports; Other incentives: for example, infrastructure subsidies and utilities subsidies.
In particular, the following good practices should be borne in mind in the implementation of the cluster development programme:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions had made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which would save time for the discussion of proposals.
The scope of the activities during the period was wide.
At the first time in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001, the concept of gender mainstreaming was included in the budget document, as adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its agreed conclusions (1997/2) and the General Assembly in its resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all the services dealing with the programme and budgets, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programme budgets visibly mainstream a gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped destroying property, confiscating land, detaining thousands of Palestinian youths, closing roads, constructing bypass roads to serve Israeli settlements, limiting actions and all other measures that allow extremist Jews to enter the Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern at the increasing restrictions placed on the ability of humanitarian personnel, United Nations and its associated personnel to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations, as a result of attacks and threats,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal, the work of the Tribunal should be directed towards achieving the desired results, with due consideration for the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statements of the President to the General Assembly; participation in meetings of the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
The other five cases concerned seven accused; the Semanza case was one accused, the Niyitegeka case, one accused in the Kamuhanda case, one accused in the Kajelijeli case and three in the media.
Following the Tribunal's request of 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), by which it approved 18 ad litem judges candidates.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a United States citizen, was arrested and sentenced for three years for attempted interference with radio and television programmes; Nancy Chen, a citizen of Australia, was abducted by agents of the National Security Service of China; Yuhui Zhang was sentenced for 10 years in connection with the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of Falun Gong members of China; and 16 persons were sentenced for demonstrations prior to the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to draw the attention of the United States authorities to the responsibilities that should be assumed in response to the hostility to Islam and the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the grave nature of these allegations and notes that this is not the first communication on such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not replied to his communications.
The concept of freedom of information is in itself an important element of one of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will realize its best aspirations to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be — indeed, it is becoming the base of the global coalition against terrorism.
I am convinced that, before trying to modernize the United Nations instrument, careful analysis and careful judgement must begin.
The king authorities have been set up, like the carpentry.
These indicators enable ministries of health or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
Following the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events prompted the Special Rapporteur to resolve to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and that those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations are brought to justice for decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of the Mine Action Capacity Building Project (goal 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by UNIDROIT to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid discussing the issue in both forums.
A number of model clauses have been developed by Governments and private creditor associations participating in the G-10 working group.
The Rapporteur shall examine whether the information contained therein gives rise to knowledge or suspicion of another person's involvement in money-laundering.
The Panel will accomplish this task by continuing to discuss the specific issues selected by the London Group at its meetings.
In this regard, the pilot project for the establishment of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations has its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following his letter to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General is still awaiting a reply from the Government of Israel regarding his investigation into the death of Mr. Hook, a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the revised draft general recommendation 4.1 on interim measures of the Convention (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Option B would have a serious negative impact on the process.
The password-protected website became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate to protect civilians and promote and protect human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Despite the more pressing problems of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shared the views of France and Germany that the issue of human cloning would in any way have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions are providing financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Implementation of measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, in support of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As of 31 December 2002, only half of the G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the oversight of the health insurance plan, and in 2003 a new post should be established to better control the expenditure of the health insurance plans that were decentralized to the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 was a reserve in 2001 for the cancellation of long-outstanding amounts paid to implementing partners for the period 1994-2000.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources are available for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of the Habitat Agenda monitoring mechanism at the national and local levels; and (c) Member States are requested to provide technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and to sustain the implementation of the Habitat Agenda monitoring policies and strategies implemented through UN-Habitat programmes and programmes.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify legislation to develop or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported on steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status determination from UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers meeting, the African Union Commission gave high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the Caribbean Community secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted by massive international terrorism and extremism, which are inseparable from global threats and cannot be protected from the “national edifice” without concerted efforts to combat them.
The Islamic Development Bank is applying international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of Amendments to Regulation No. 98: (30 October 2003)1
Children under the age of 9 are not subject to any criminal responsibility.
Under the Criminal Code, anyone engaged in the sale, sale or any other type of illegal transaction of a child shall be criminally responsible.
Background
Equipment and systems do not have multi-purpose and “time relative” problems.
Strongly condemns the increasing occurrence of all forms of violence against persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks against humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
Tomuschat considers that the treaty establishes a general regime of strict or objective liability for the sole purpose of dealing with extremely dangerous activities.
In this case, however, the injured party is the whole State.
The choice must be made between the law of the approving State and the law of the State in which the injury occurred.
The “Amoco Cadiz case” illustrates the approach taken by the Court in measuring environmental damage.
The parent company Indiana-America Oil is also unable to voluntarily assume liability.
(i) Decree No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other transactions (bank, currency exchange, financial company, insurance company, stock securities company, loan and real estate company):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities will be undertaken, where resources permit, such as in the areas of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you of my full cooperation with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of the general population.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on a broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Mattress Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
Furthermore, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be better to have in-depth discussions on globalization and to examine specific aspects in a more detailed manner.
International Council for Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering plays a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of arms to groups that cannot be purchased by legitimate means; they are embargoed countries and groups, rebels, organized criminal elements and terrorists.
My delegation therefore wishes to commend your predecessor, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Mattiya Mulumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the manner in which he led the Committee's work during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized cooperative service structures
• International Law Institute — African Centre of Legal Excellence (Kampala, Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in Andhra Pradesh, India, shows how decentralization in the form of SMART (slight, ethics, credibility, accountability and transparency) is using the Internet for reforms such as the Integrated Civil Service Information Centre and the digitized registration of contracts.
Calls upon States and international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support for the achievement of the Beijing Platform for Action and the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in further actions and initiatives for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The coalition agreement stated that, following the parliamentary debate on self-government in the spring of this year, the Government would decide on the establishment of a government entity/sector to deal with self-government matters and would decide on whether to hold a referendum on self-government.
Improving their conditions has been given the highest political priority.
To that end, incentives for employment must be strengthened.
The benefit programme is based on equality of opportunity.
The core mandate is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network that provides objective, regular and accurate reporting of ongoing violations against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a generally recognized indigenous organization.
In that regard, the seminar played a significant role, including the presence of a representative of the United Kingdom, who, in his own words, was informed by him of the real ideas of the Anguillans regarding the option of self-determination.
A special compendium of companies on the Millennium Development Goals theme was prepared for the following agencies, as requested: UNFPA (Reproductive health of women), Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), UNHCR (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information Technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
Discussions explored ways to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and support that had been expressed during the meeting to address those issues, particularly with regard to identifying measures to improve competitiveness, diversify and increase the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first of which was entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management authority, the Bank of Indonesia requires banks to report suspicious transactions to it and may impose administrative sanctions for non-compliance with the reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and in-depth assessments of national needs and recognizes those that can be most effectively met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by article 3 of the general management procedures of the operations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, is responsible for the overall direction of the Foundation and the provision of technical and financial services related to it.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules governing the registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are entirely applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but that could not be said about how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that there would be an international consensus on the issue and that, if necessary, they would support the Belgian proposal.
We therefore deem it important that the Security Council hear formally the views, suggestions and recommendations of the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the General Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback to the Council on the future improvement of its work.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signing or ratification of or accession to the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the director of the plant and asked about the ownership of the refineries, the adjacent buildings and production operations attached to the North Gas Company (North Gas Company).
The people of Colombia support the Government's efforts to regain control over the territory, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in poor regions and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter describes the process and outlines some potential ideas for the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a set of voluntary guidelines to be developed by a “intergovernmental working group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development and thus for the realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the established principles of international law.
Question:
It would be responsible for the effective use of air charter assets to monitor the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity in order to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
However, in that connection, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must strike an appropriate balance in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the problems faced by developing countries in general, the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are also experiencing difficulties due to the interaction of many factors, such as their small size, remoteness, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, ecosystem vulnerability, transport and communications constraints, isolation from business centres, weak local technological power, acute problems of access to fresh water, extreme dependence on imports, small quantities of commodities, depletion of non-renewable resources, population movements, and the financial resources, particularly those with high-skilled persons, and the financial burdens, and the financial resources”.
I am sure that this seminar gives the people of the Pacific real hope that the United Nations will engage in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for durable solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement made by the representative of the people of Tokelau, who said that the meetings with the Special Committee had been successful because of the “humanitarian face”.
These activities have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, the monitoring of their operation and the improvement of skills.
Congolese men who do not want to marry foreigners to join the female nationality.
The situation has been further exacerbated by the recent return of millions of refugees, owing to the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the inability of rural livelihoods and the inability of agricultural activities.
With regard to the second index, the outstanding assessed contributions of Member States, although significant, were significantly lower at the end of 2002, at $1,684 million, compared to $2,106 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to his country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of the terrestrial and marine environment.
Beyond television and film, where do young people see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to water supply systems in and around Hargeisa in the area of resettlement of returning refugees and internally displaced persons.
Support to proscribed groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Stresses the importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
The emphasis on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for women's independent access to and rights are developed to enable women to benefit from forest resources on a sustainable basis, while protecting forest resources.
Report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the consultations on the preparations for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Further develop the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements in order to establish and maintain a nuclear-weapon-free world.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Afro-Americans Association said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not only a problem of poverty, since middle or rich people of African descent were also discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship Among Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Corey and his Government in implementing the road map and on the path of peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the question of the justiciability of the rights set out in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant”.
It was also observed that mandatory time limits were not proportional to some exceptional circumstances of the security right, i.e. in some cases priority was given to the time of creation rather than the time of filing (e.g. acquisition security rights).
With regard to other issues to be addressed in chapter VII, a number of suggestions were made.
An independent evaluation of some of the projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to lift it out of the long-term dependence and skewed integration of the Israeli economy.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic reports of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women in Parliament were not only women in Morocco but also women in Muslim countries; that victory had been shared by all women through the expansion of numbers.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze tangible assets such as enterprises or property further complicates the problem.
Of the 272 named individuals, only a few are known.
Together with actions that fail to control the listed individuals worldwide, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the assets of the enterprises they hold or to evade the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It seems reasonable to expect further challenges.
The unique format and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have prompted the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian role and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report describes the areas where progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for the New Partnership, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port facilitating the delivery of raw materials in the manufacturing industry.
Further development of the process leading to the determination of Kosovo's future status will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the document in its current form is unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders also distance themselves from it.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and to provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it be proved correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws, as well as to the original criterion/benchmark as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities have always been the first to recognize that time has different values and scales in relation to forests.
The capacity to carry out the required programme functions has been strengthened to improve the advocacy work of the following small offices and the effectiveness of the country programmes: Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million from other resources and trust funds recovered (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In a violent protest, the Constitutional Court issued an appeal ruling against the build-up of the supporters of General Richard Mon in the capital in a bus and in a truck, with a large number of people wearing a hood, sticking to the street, besieging the Supreme Court building and destroying property.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 17 and 18 December; 15 and 23 January; 12 and 26 February; 10, 19 and 20 March; 8, 14 and 14 April; 5, 27, 28 and 16 May, 12 and 26 June; 26 and 26 July, 17 and 18 December 2002; 26 and 26 February; 10, 19 and 20 March; 10, 19 and 20 March; 8 and 14 April; and 14 May, 5 and 26 and 26 and 26 and 26 and 26 and 26 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 December, 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 December, 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 26 November, 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 December, 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16 and 16
(Some military observers accredited to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee reviewed the travel ban list on a quarterly basis and decided to remove the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be removed.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (82)-88)
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but the failure of some other States to comply fully with their non-proliferation obligations constitutes a growing problem with the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the possibility of their falling into the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations aimed at resolving this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand completed the full loan of the International Monetary Fund two years in advance.
For such a future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups as an offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will start in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The UNAMI Core Group will lead the operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as the coordination and guidance of the activities of United Nations agencies.
Under the sanctions regime (paras. 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paras. 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), States should freeze without delay funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed individuals and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and ensure that no such funds, assets or resources are made available, directly or indirectly, to their nationals or any persons in their territories.
Kenya has taken this challenge seriously.
The implementation of the plan will advance our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations between the rulers and the governed, but also in all human relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and in creating a safe environment for democracies that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalance in the region is not conducive to the creation of full employment to absorb an annual increase in the economically active population.
English
One solution would be to set out a provision stating that diplomatic protection was complementary to the special regime of investment protection or human rights protection, but that a binding decision, such as a judicial decision or an arbitration decision, was required to provide protection under a special regime.
His delegation believed that the best option was to have civil liability on the part of the operator and that the residual liability was on the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of loss caused by transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities was being dealt with rationally as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the possibility of economic downturn and financial crisis during the biennium, space-related industries continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The issue was discussed jointly with the WTO regional workshop on trade and environment capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the high-level dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, Department of the Calite Language, became the convener of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (excluding Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to resolve outstanding issues satisfactorily within the framework of the OPCW in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Much of the production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
An informed public debate on these issues is required, as they have a wide-ranging impact.
The national forest programme services project is hosted by FAO and is supported by many donors and developing country participants.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland, having obtained the required two-thirds majority, was elected as a member of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, taking into account the concerns of all countries, in particular developing countries:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States is subject to severe civil and/or criminal penalties if he or she is found not to have frozen the assets of individuals and entities on the specially designated global terrorist list issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control or to deal with them.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at any of your border points or while transiting your territory?
- Law No. 4208 on the Prevention of Money Laundering (e.g. in cases involving money laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invite all Parties to the Convention to communicate information to the Conference of the Parties.
“Responding measures”
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise is likely to shrink by 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening the freshwater supply to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore joined the International Court of Justice in the dispute concerning sovereignty over Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Maddle Rock and South Ledge.
In view of this situation, careful efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urging the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to levels that can produce the maximum sustainable catch by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “Russian Federation-Support to the National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultative mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has on several occasions received reports of mercenary involvement in the armed conflict in Colombia, mainly in relation to drug cartels, but also in self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, for any amendment to the Convention to more effectively prosecute the criminal and internationally wrongful acts of mercenaries, the proposals and mechanisms being developed should be heard by a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for the development of the economy and the fight against poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the benchmarks for Kosovo's normalization and implementation of the stabilization and association process.
My Government expresses its support for that process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided a wide range of support and services to United Nations agencies in the process of their return to the country.
Mr. Kastberry: Members will have before me a full text of my statement and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic feeding everywhere, and we believe that this is working.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received no reply from the Government to his urgent appeal for the order.
As there is also considerable expertise in demand reduction issues in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework document on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to promote lower costs of ICT hardware and software through tax incentives and encourage the use and further development of free and open-source software to make them more accessible;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the UNCTAD Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development.
At the same meeting, the elected President made a statement.
Another participant expressed the view that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation provided a facilitating source for identifying needs.
Others felt that the PrepCom had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, based on the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which indirectly included a review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training of workers to ensure that best available technologies were adopted, but such activities needed the support of Governments and the appropriate political and legal framework.
This could further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with various grounds, ranging from peaceful means of conflict resolution under Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What do we need?
At the outset, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan with regard to the tragic events of 19 August, which killed Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but also to participate in many other ways that are consistent with their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated by drawing upon subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-four African least developed countries were concerned with the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the Trade and Development Board, devoted to least developed countries.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to thank Mr. Morris for his very interesting statement, which I believe contains very important information and figures and a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and, unless otherwise specifically directed by the General Assembly, in accordance with the additional mandate contained in the annex to these Regulations.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) has now entered into force for the sovereign States of the region and that this fact has been formally endorsed by the 18th Meeting of the OPANAL Conference, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and taking note also of the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration adopted”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146), issued in October 2002, was endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), and again raised the issue of the link between the exploitation of resources and human rights violations, while demonstrating the deep roots of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted several cases in which Mr. Blaise Blaise and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened with arrest and death; his parents were imprisoned for having requested MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
In his view, the visit clearly demonstrated the increased cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees of detention procedures
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States for curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying them.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been perfected.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this idea under your presidency, Mr. President, and address this issue in other regional organizations.
We have held regular staff consultations and I have mentioned Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part and pillar of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, to integrate a gender perspective in the planning and monitoring of common country assessments, United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, the debt burden and other measures within the framework of the Group of Eight Africa Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority would include a study on appropriate ways of ensuring protection from environmental emergencies as described in ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, it was observed that many problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities could, if not, lead to disputes and conflicts.
The Working Group's activities are of great value not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because they contribute to the changing practices and procedures in the work of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/427, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/218, A/58/338, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for the Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group))
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold a Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished not to discuss those texts until consultations were held.
There is no legislation.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to address the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service and the efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” were replaced by the words “developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that do not have or generally underrepresented women”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level will benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices (international organizations and national institutions).
Recent initiatives to develop a data-sharing model have undertaken three interrelated projects, as described below.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure the rapid development of compensation programmes and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to accelerate the flow, release and clearance of goods, including transit goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in this area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected public positions;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops in a manner respectful of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings committed a few weeks ago and those who committed crimes during armed conflict are brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of ways to develop innovative new public-private sources of finance for development purposes, provided that they do not unduly burden developing countries, and takes note of the proposal to use special drawing rights allocations for development purposes, as set out in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit crimes outside Kazakhstan who are in the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign country for trial or for a sentence.
It was agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate for the establishment of a lasting peace that allows both Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to live side by side within secure and recognized borders on the basis of the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as source and systematic overviews, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability for results and lessons learned.
The system is results-based, concise and more consistent with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, the provisions of article 31 (3) of the Vienna Convention relating to reservations do not apply to the relations between the two contracting parties: “In such cases, in the relations between the reserving State and the objecting State, the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation are those provisions that extend the scope of application of the treaty to the extent covered by the reservation”.
Pursuant to the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the task of the action teams is to implement comprehensive global systems, in particular through international cooperation, for the management of natural disaster mitigation, disaster relief and prevention efforts through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while maximizing existing capabilities and reducing gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias has received some 50 honorary Ph.D. degrees from well-known institutions, such as the Harvard, Princeton, Datoz, Obelin and the University of Washington, D.C., in St. Louis, as well as many awards from other advanced institutions, including the Martin Luther King's Peace Prize, the Philosophy of Philosophy, the Prince of Astrophus and the Albert Weis.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is the governmental mechanism for the formulation of strategies and policies in the area of equal opportunities for women and men and the elimination of all forms of discrimination based on gender.
For households with indoor heating using wood, coal and fuel, the Social Programme approved by Government Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250,000 lei/month to 300,000 lei/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared costs with others to develop a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean emergency response agency.
Important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year include the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to the concerns of the General Assembly in its resolution 56/201.
Table 2
Rule 67 Method of suspension
On that basis, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, as finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) Employment: providing flexibility in determining employment in different locations according to the skills and abilities of people;
However, it also highlighted weaknesses, such as the identification of individual goals and objectives of the organizations.
FICSA noted that private sector compensation for employees serving in hardship duty stations was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member insisted that parastatal companies did not belong to the public/non-profit sector, since all other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
While the members of the Commission and representatives of the organizations participating in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, the representatives of the staff associations argued that data collection should be done through on-site interviews conducted by the data-collection teams, in some cases the local salary boards could decide to adopt other methods if they were deemed useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lesotho, Lithuania, Mauritius, Mexico, Netherlands, Mauritius, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Republic of the Russian Federation, Norway, Republic of Mexico, Republic of Mexico, Mexico, Republic of Mexico, Mexico, Republic of the Netherlands, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Republic of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States of Great Britain and Zimbabwe.
(i) Advisory services: sending missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthen national mechanisms to strengthen women's participation in development and mainstreaming a gender perspective into national policies and programmes, with a focus on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, the enhancement of understanding of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
1 (212) 963-3888 and 963-6776; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
[National] general insolvency law should recognize [accelerating accounting, [cleaning,] set-off or netting, in accordance with the payment or settlement system or similar rules of financial markets of other States.
With respect to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach set out in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, with particular reference to paragraph 113, which states that an adjustment is required where a claim is not reflected in the normal costs of maintenance that would have occurred.
The proposals were circulated and discussed in one report and in several follow-up dialogues during the Monterrey Conference.
The need to share practical experience was well recognized.
However, Algeria's accelerated process of accession to the international legal treaties on human rights was followed by a shift to multipartyism in 1989.
The movement of the Licorne force continues to be hampered by considerable calm, a shorter curfew and a decline in street demonstrations, and extortion is often occurring.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that 5 to 30 per cent of cluster munitions do not explode after launching or firing, and they either penetrate or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second Global Environment Facility Assembly (DP/2003/23)
(b) The duty of the grantor to compensate for unexpected depreciation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year for Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, in cooperation with Governments and in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, address trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urge States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments and in close coordination with indigenous peoples, organize a Latin American conference on indigenous children and youth in 2004, taking into account the experience of the Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children, held in Quito in 2001.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit a report on policies and programmes in this area to the Forum and participate in the dialogue at the Third Forum.
At the same meeting, the observers for the following States and organizations made statements: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Na Ika o Kui Hawai; Indigenous People's Council on Bio-Colonialism; Coordina de Organizaciones Indígenas.
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire had ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon had signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supported the Brazilian National Police Academy in upgrading teaching facilities.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various categories of expenditure: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been conducted in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor (UNMISET), with the presence of resident investigators in the Mission, who are implementing the downsizing plan.
Agenda item 15
Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements, and expresses its intention to continue the review of the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Commander of the Stabilization Force, to ensure the effective management of airports in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the light of the responsibilities assigned to SFOR by Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement with respect to the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemning the thousands of mines planted by Israel in the Lebanese territory under its occupation, which have resulted in and continue to cause the death of dozens of people and substantial material losses.
Reaffirms a series of relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference in the past.
Recalling the important provisions of the previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this subject, in particular resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit Conference;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of this resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
Concerned about the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms regulation, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral actions by Member States in resolving their security problems would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself,
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea on violations of the borders of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by the rapid evolution of the world economy towards increasing globalization and integration and by the formation of strong economic blocs and the growing liberalization of world trade;
Considering the economic difficulties of the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution No.
Affirming the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at the concerted efforts to defend and protect Islamic heritage;
The meeting endorsed the decisions and resolutions of the symposiums.
Invites the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea level rise and its social and economic impacts in order to protect wildlife in coastal areas and in the territories of member States.
The Thirty-second Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 Rabiul Thani, 1424H (28-30 May 2003),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concessions
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (No. 10/2/3386 of 9 March 2003), emphasizing the implementation of the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Banking Act 2000 (No. 28 of 2000) and the instruction on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001 of 5 August 2001), and the obligation to identify all relevant information through official documents.
This preliminary report outlines a broad framework for preventing human rights violations involving the use of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted Protocol No. 12, expanding non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in global road traffic deaths, injuries and disabilities,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61), organized by the delegation of China, will take place on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process for the formulation of a new constitution, and stresses the importance of incorporating Afghanistan's international obligations into the new Constitution and the need to ensure the full participation of women in all the preparations for and conduct of the Constitutional Loya Jirga and in the Constitutional Loya Jirga itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, expressed their satisfaction at the proposed draft programme of the Prime Minister of the country to the National Assembly for the implementation of the Agreement, reiterated their appreciation for the efforts of the French and ECOWAS forces and again stressed their concern at the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in on the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace in Liberia and consolidating the links between the Sierra Leone and the Mano River Union subregion; (c) the United Nations system should thoroughly assess the successful disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme in Sierra Leone; and (d) the Security Council should review the lessons learned from UNAMSIL work to coordinate United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and development efforts; (e) and development efforts of Sierra Leone; (e) the Security Council and development of Sierra Leone; (e) and humanitarian and other United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and development of Sierra Leone; (e) the United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and development of Sierra Leone, humanitarian and development of Sierra Leone, humanitarian and other agencies of Sierra Leone, humanitarian and other United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and other United Nations system should be carefully consider the United Nations peacekeeping and other United Nations system; (e) and other United Nations peacekeeping and other United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and other United Nations system agencies of Sierra Leone, humanitarian and other United
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes presented in the report were unavoidable and accepted the reasons for the inflationary adjustment of non-post expenditures, which represented an increase of $9.9 million in the actual vacancy rate for 2002; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Commission also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions that are of particular concern to her or where early action or may prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“`In 1968, after invoking the factual requirements of article 19, paragraph 2, Haiti was expressly permitted to vote until the Committee on Contributions had made its views.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 contingent personnel is an integral part of two contingents providing security at 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, air means are required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each of which will have the capability to airlift one company at any operational location.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reduce poverty and inequality and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union; the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia; the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey; and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for having managed this very difficult post.
Regrettably, there have been persistent acts of weakness in various parts of the world, like the recent events that have claimed the lives of more than 120 people, which have reminded us in a very abhorrent and very abnormal manner that terrorism has indeed become a serious global problem and that there is an urgent need for greater and more effective international cooperation, no matter how ominous it is.
The Republic of Yemen is gratified that the international community is aware of the gravity of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priorities and the way Canada can help as donors and non-members of the Council.
This is also a reminder that partisan political considerations may also be an incentive to propose measures that have a positive or negative impact on local government.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
• Coordinate with relevant agencies to facilitate the study of issues raised and referred directly to them and the follow-up studies referred to them;
Part 1: What is the relevance of social capital, policy and prospects (Coordinator: National Statistical Office of the United Kingdom)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of countries implementing the European Union Directive do not have statutory rules governing the time of receipt of data messages, but some of these countries have established criteria for the diversion of traditional rules of receipt to the electronic environment.
It would be necessary to clarify whether the server entering the supplier was sufficient to determine the receipt of the message or whether the data message needed to be physically retrieved by the addressee at its computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “does not explicitly address the issue of the liability for possible malfunctions in information systems.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, inter alia, supported the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April as the International Day of Remembrance of the Victims of Radioactive Accident and Disasters.
I am now pleased to give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and understandings on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Counterclaims
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations stipulate that all individuals referred to in both articles are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host State, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds provided by the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation at COP 8.
Social activity is a continuous process of creating the world.
• Government services;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observation post and a chapter of a truth and reconciliation commission, equally in order to ensure that the voice of the victims is given adequate and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ms. Motoc, will travel to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role does MONUC play in human rights issues when working with the parties to establish a transitional government?
Regardless of the progress made so far, millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the Chairman's oral report on the consultations and draw conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions, considered a request by the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of the relevant institutional stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, building on the successful experiences of the United Nations Secretariat in the preparations for the International Conference on Financing for Development, with a focus on progress made in the areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall allocate no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Announcements
I draw particular attention to the latest UNRWA flash appeal, which calls for the provision of vital services to hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of the constraints in the calculation of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana, as well as for the excellent facilities it has provided to the Conference;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, a eight-year-old Palestinian boy, and injured his six-year-old brother Ala, who was playing on the periphery of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, the recruitment level below the approved level is higher.
Prior to the development of the work plan, an assessment was made of the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Is extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation to some extent?
Sub-paragraphs (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to engage non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society throughout the country before submitting its second periodic report.
The internal affairs authorities are responsible for taking decisions to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective shares of Member States in those balances shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the provisions of those paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have intervened promptly with our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 September, some United States airlines imposed discriminatory measures against Arabs, whether or not they were Americans, or against Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen as being more neutral.
Question C: Whether it applies to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman named Afsheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish an enhanced inspection regime designed to complete the disarmament process in a comprehensive and nuclear manner.
The people and Government of Iran are above all concerned that, once war has taken place, it will no doubt fall into the humanitarian catastrophe of the Iraqi people, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
There is an absolute need to emphasize once again that the decisions of the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement actions against trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing gender bias and corrupt practices of the relevant professions.
The Committee first focused on the composition of its membership, its working methods, its intersessional work and its reporting format, and adopted its terms of reference, as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in the settlement of international disputes through the use of all peaceful means at our disposal and, in particular, by strengthening the values that lead to the Organization, which are more relevant in the current impasse.
In this process, we have not only strengthened the verification regime, but also our ability to carry out important tasks — that is, to save our world from the scourge of war.
Is this the allegation made at the previous meeting by the United States of America — which many countries around the world do not agree with the United States — or is it a matter related to the concept of Iraq's proactive cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its endorsement of General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 General Service staff.
Table 19 Breakdown of fees for consultants and custodians
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be given the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid any negative impact on the Fund's work and project redesign.
At its seventh session (22-24 January 2003), the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to hold an expert meeting on foreign direct investment and development.
It was particularly important to strike a balance between budget and other considerations.
Ms. Ola Escrita Gra de Villaraz (Panama)
Expressing concern at the limited availability of safe and cost-effective mine-detection and mine-clearance equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, while recognizing the need to promote further and faster progress in this field, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to this end,
Date of insertion
For the full text of the views, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“C condemns the continued illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, recalls that the Council has consistently and unequivocally condemned these activities as one of the main factors contributing to the perpetuation of the conflict, and reaffirms the need to put an end to these activities and, if necessary, to exert the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of least developed countries in world merchandise exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technologies and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Board noted the preliminary announcement by Colombia of its intention to host the eleventh session of the UNIDO Conference in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and shares information on lessons learned, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and problems between States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiation on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and norms governing international relations in the field of global trade and are intended to increase broad commercial and economic flows among States.
All of these areas have been heavily affected by the embargo because, despite many restrictions, such as education and culture have been the priority areas of Cuban public spending.
Despite the lack of material resources, Cubans continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the 1998 Banking Institution Act sets out the preventive measures for the Government, which restrict the fundamental rights set out in article 13 (1) of the Namibian Constitution, authorizes interference in the privacy of the family, correspondence or communication of any person in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the 1977 Code of Criminal Procedure, and authorizes access to any premises or search of any person.
Consequently, the net claim for the 332 claims resolved in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted to USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
