Let me stress that we will continue to cooperate with them on our initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the seventh session of the Conference of the Parties had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to draw the attention of the Commission to the fact that there were reasonable grounds to conclude that there were consistent violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any country, particularly colonial and other dependent Territories, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These generally include the use of the LCCS detailed land cover database and various support data sets collected together with the dynamic mapping warehouse.
The common initiators of the Landscape system are FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (Science Council).
Studies of 77 health programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries indicate that 78 per cent of the programmes have established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of the beneficiaries use them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once a suspect has been brought, any material attesting to his or her guilt (e.g. a self- confession voluntarily made by the defendant to a senior police officer) must be scrutinized before being admitted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong activities.
A copy of the opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; The Working Group concludes that the deprivation of the liberty of Michael Gavearra is not arbitrary in the meaning of the various principles applicable to the Working Group in its consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Ministers emphasized the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors for that purpose under the auspices of the Security Council.
We devote particular attention to the issue of raising the awareness of the health of individuals, particularly those of the armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive steps taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in raising awareness of AIDS prevention among peacekeepers, establishing the Special Adviser on AIDS and revising the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with the relevant Council resolutions.
During its 2003 regular session, the Commission received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, in which it alleged that the Indian Movement “Tupai Amaru” had violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of the interests of the patient.
Hong Kong SAR, Mauritius and United Kingdom.
The view was expressed that, given the general reluctance of creditors, it would be inappropriate to allow a very small group of creditors with no representative in the total number of creditors to decide on the course of events.
The Staff College has also made further use of ICT.
As of the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff at the College was 37 specialized staff.
IMO publication performance 45
Office of the Chief
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other bodies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to accept these organizations in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to future action by the COP.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of the countries in the process of accession, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the Chairmen of the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to promote the participation of observer organizations in the intersessional workshops.
Following the delivery of the Trial Chamber judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed notices of appeal.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The States parties to the OAS undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the amounts claimed for the work performed by the claimants should be compensable in the amount of USD 8,439 for the work listed in the invoice number 78/90/462; USD 61,071 for the work listed in the invoice number 26/90/421, 27/90/46 and 28/90/495; and USD 107,0207 for the work on invoices Nos. 15/90/243 and 16/90/282; and USD 2,903,073/90/480 and 904/90.
Annex I
Mr. Steiner (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to remedy the inherent shortcomings of the Tribunals, the question of the establishment of a permanent international court was raised in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide and the early 1950s.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to the weakening of such important international treaties as the Rome Statute, we remain of the view that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption of resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, by a majority of votes, at the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, on 22 November 2002, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for an immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations is derived from various multilateral documents, and I would like to recall some of them here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs to rent vehicles and premises and secure them, which became an important source of income for all factions in Somalia.
All attempts to manage Somalia's fisheries have resulted in a large number of funds falling into the private hands of faction-led groups, with millions of dollars over the past 10 years, saturated in private and, to some extent, in the use and replenishment of private people.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge of the purpose of assisting or assisting the owner or accomplice in the planning, facilitation or conduct of an operation, shall be punished by a specific provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the actions of the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for all in the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, between 0155 and 800 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off the Zahrani area east and then headed to the area of Al-Hirbr and then headed towards the sea off Damur, violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution in a referendum manner.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Until 1988, the University and College of Myanmar could not award a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, the events of recent years have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the growing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries are still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(x countries with the largest contributions from the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
The unemployment rate is highest in the age group 20-24 for both men and women.
The geographical proximity of Samoa and its good communication and transport systems make it easy to access centralized services.
In addition, health-care services should pay attention to the concept of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is that women are entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage is constantly changing, with a woman's age of marriage at 24 years in 1991, 27 years in 1993, and 31 and 27 years for men.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Youth in Apia, Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reaffirms that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must strictly abide by the provisions of the resolution and the Constitutional Framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the devolution process will help to establish standards that are indispensable for a durable solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help to control and improve the situation.
A high centrifugal ratio may have the effect of reducing near-Earth location in orbit.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002, on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continued to carry out the work programme detailed in previous resolutions, in particular the holding of meetings of the international community in all its aspects, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of the question of the question of the Palestinian question, and the annual training programme for the staff of the Palestinian people of the Palestinian people of the Palestinian question of the Palestinian question of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States moved depleted uranium shells to South Korea from its base in Okinawa to carry out the operational deployment of a “medium-term report” to re-evaluate the “United States Defense Cooperation Approach” in Busan on 8 June.
Considering that promoting respect for the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is one of the basic purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States of the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to adhere to all the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
Drought assessment models at the global and regional levels have been developed.
However, they are constrained by the lack of appropriate current indicators.
In the context of drought-sensitive mapping in a country or region, we favour the second approach but require careful research.
Mission 1.4: Contribution to the compilation of the online term on desertification
Selected members for WEOG
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of issues such as human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment and the importance of the realization of all development goals.
For example, containers of transit goods destined for Central Asia must be checked at the seaport of transit and then loaded on board vessels to ensure that there is no prohibited goods in the interior, for fear of the return of the goods.
The second could be considered as directly invoked by individuals (as in previous cases relating to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) To prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic harm.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Oberlandesgericht Hamissa, Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, such an expression must be voluntary; it does not fall within the definition of the topic (which is not more within its scope) but falls within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also the existence of different democratic political systems and models for free and fair elections in the world, based on the specificities of States and regions, as well as in different contexts,
Anice stated that the contract period had been extended by mutual agreement, but did not formally extend the contract.
With regard to the issue of interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
Similar to the terms of payment for the two contracts with SEPL, each contract was partially paid in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, the value of property or the existence of property in Iraq and Kuwait by 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Contract losses
The employment contract for individuals provides that Montagnomery is obliged to pay each employee to return home from Kuwait at the end of his employment and that Montagnomery states that each employee has a non-distance ticket that is not scheduled.
The heroin killer machine is still in operation.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and the fight against drug trafficking in Afghanistan, they must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study show that migrants experience racism and discrimination quite generally in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
Two recent missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003, MONUC; 3 to 4 February 2003, OHCHR dispatched) identified a number of serious human rights violations, including gang rape of women, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning of houses.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Quick Reaction Return Facility, a joint project between UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide shelter reconstruction assistance to returning individuals.
The Government of Albania commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract FDI because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, especially girls and non-formal education opportunities.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building processes and a range of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families in particularly difficult situations
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27, A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster begins, we will conduct the identification and verification of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work towards common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as through the formation of integrated committees by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agrees to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works with women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as proclaimed in Act No.
(a) To strengthen the exchange of information, in particular on the activities and sources of financing of terrorists, terrorist organizations and other required information;
Concerned also at the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Committee at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that the implementation of the regions is inconsistent and that there is no mechanism for monitoring and evaluating implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen its efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors and pay special attention to children of less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party fully integrate article 3 of the Convention into legislation and practice, including in the area of child custody.
(b) Special assistance for children in single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Law (1998), which introduces and promotes the concept of foster care as a way of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the responses submitted (59 of the 104 responses) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities were sometimes involved in planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often repeated that the promise will assist in this process, but, like other pledges made in the halls of those halls, these promises are proof of nothing but words.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the noble task of maintaining peace must be based on a broad and complex concept of security.
Together, these factors often increase the demand for indoor heating and transportation, which is one of the causes of higher energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as required by the guidelines.
The in-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (as at 31 March 2003) indicated that progress had been made by some Parties in better estimating the future role of the Kyoto international mechanism and in integrating them into the projected scope of modelling.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation could increase or decrease by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties generally consider the quality of data to be acceptable.
Details of the modalities adopted by the Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite the increased technical assistance provided, the demand for direct United Nations observation of elections has been reduced.
Special emphasis will be placed on legal issues, logistics and issues related to the selection of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and the countries of the region the crucial importance of making progress towards the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first time that I briefed the Council on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict as a key issue for the briefing.
Indeed, throughout his life, he is committed to all aspects of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always expressed that this is an urgent issue of concern that merits in-depth discussion.
Mr. Pukhar (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I should like at the outset to express my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, preside over this meeting.
The European Union greatly appreciates and fully endorses the commitment shown by the Security Council to the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress the need for the further deployment of international security forces on a reasonable scale and capable of demonstrating a strong force, despite the ultimate need for Afghan national institutions to address these issues, in order to create the necessary security environment and trust to enable the Bonn process to come to a natural end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to express my appreciation for the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I should like briefly to draw your attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Group, so that the members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs in the countries.
I would like to conclude by thanking Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the Chilean delegation for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism by the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat to gradually improve this key United Nations tool.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, address humanitarian issues and address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a package of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the issue of the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was convened as part of the Netherlands' efforts on an FMCT.
Languages of official documents of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is not in conformity with international law and German law and regret that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to advance the peace process, and we actively evaluate the recent decision taken by the SADC summit on the issue of interest, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme is supported by ISO 9002; three other outputs are being requested for such certification;
(a) Personal data to be released by legal, regulatory or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, and 5.5 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices were involved only as recipients, 11 per cent indicated that they were involved only as donors, and 29 per cent of respondents indicated their participation in international cooperation projects as donors and recipients.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support efforts to achieve universal accession to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
l. Many countries of the African Group face transport problems, which can be seen from African countries' 2000 freight expenditures.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance to developing countries in decision-making in the area of e-commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that
Ms. Moraroni (Saint San Marino): San Marino, along with our consensus in the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: I have the honour to speak in explanation of vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I now call on those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 illegal cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently sent them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
UNMEE's freedom of movement in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in Sector Centre, remains limited.
However, contemporary international practice of claims proves that some organizations have been recognized as enjoying legal standing on behalf of all members of a group.
The financial situation of UNHCR, however, severely affected the implementation of its strategy, since, according to paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner for Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR could only dispose of half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 persons elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of votes cast and negative
If the Committee or the pre-session working group consider the information contained in the State party's report to be insufficient, the State concerned may be requested to provide additional information as requested and to indicate the duration of the submission.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and appointment of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for determining admissibility
Filling of temporary vacancies 201
The military leaders did not isolate the combatants and reverse them into the units that had just been repatriated.
These individuals were later shot and killed by Major José Zambezi, and François was seriously wounded.
The review determined that, for the timely delivery of high-quality services, those functions should continue to be exercised by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be arranged in other areas of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry of the transaction in question and thereafter the transaction records relating to the transaction shall be maintained.
However, as these translation services can be obtained at much lower cost in local markets, it is not feasible to calculate the charge at full cost.
2.12 The Pensions (Amendment) Act, 2002
“Equality” teaching package: a reference kit for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, funds were allocated for the Special Initiative for Adult Programmes in Poverty (SPIDS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, pay, promotion and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current right to adoption leave is 18 weeks for adoption and 8 weeks plus (unpaid) adoption leave.
The table below shows the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of child-care facilities funded by the appropriation.
The Ministry also provides funding for a voluntary organization aimed at reducing violence against male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men and requires them to recognize their acts of violence and to take responsibility for their cessation.
(b) The introduction of paid maternity leave or maternity leave with comparable social benefits without loss of original work, seniority or social benefit;
Article 8
The updated list will be transmitted to the central authority responsible for border control whenever the list is updated.
However, prospects for 2003 remain influenced by uncertainties in the current global economy.
While raising the level of education and health of the population itself is a good goal, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to chapter 40 of Agenda 21,5 - the failure of the environmental plan of action proposed by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in 1992, which will help the international community to assess progress in some of the environmental objectives set out in the plan.
ESCAP will hold the annual meeting of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology Applications in Hanoi in 2003.
According to alternative B, a signature requirement may be met if a “data message” contains “electronic signature that is appropriate ... and equally reliable”.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data from two sources, such as the National Health Survey.
Based on other information received, the Committee noted that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and savings, including over-expenditure of $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, an overexpenditure of $629,200 for alteration, renovation and construction, an overexpenditure of $528,600 for the acquisition of generators, an overexpenditure of $310,800 for sanitation and cleaning supplies, an overexpenditure of $142,700 for public utilities and an overexpenditure of $123,000 for other projects.
The role of microcredit as an alternative to financing for high-income loans was assessed.
Before the end of the biennium 2004-2005, it is expected that the Chamber will complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal proceedings, 8 appeals to the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from the work described above.
In addition to those conflicts of great concern, despite the good intentions and the adoption of resolutions from the various forums that began with the Millennium Summit, there are two major issues that the international community has yet to address.
Mr. Thorouan (Togo) (spoke in French): We have met again this year to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that can inject new lives into our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his personal concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
The introduction of exception reports in accordance with certain pre-defined criteria is surely more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including humanitarian warning activities, in order, inter alia, to take effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as set out in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there was no significant change in the status of the Organization with regard to sources of funding or other international non-governmental organizations attached to consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has assumed the administrative responsibility for the development programme for vulnerable groups.
Various studies were carried out to evaluate news coverage and mass media programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender issues are taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education has once again become critical.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and praised by the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been abolished.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach that consensus.
Human rights defenders
The text of the draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
In this regard, States parties should take appropriate measures to inform the public about remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian populations and other members of ethnic minorities are in fact subject to discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land ownership of indigenous communities and the remedies available to indigenous populations seeking compensation for environmental damage to traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “released tenants” and recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give greater prominence to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report information on the review of cases of racial discrimination by these bodies.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law in order to define more clearly the scope of the concept.
Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has consistently failed to comply with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, neither by submitting a periodic report nor by submitting additional information on the situation in Bougainville to the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of the composition of the population in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of its guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draw the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 on self-identification of members of specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made readily available to the public at the time of their submission, and that the Committee's observations on these reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She would appreciate clarification from the Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make available on their national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and common reporting format on their national website and to inform the Secretariat of the exact web site on which these publications are posted on the World Wide Web site;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, can be demonstrated by the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Vision, as a key area of activity for building knowledge-based societies.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda has strongly supported the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and has condemned the letter of the Kinshasa Government to the Permanent Representative of the United Nations to the United Nations to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems when considering assistance to any national space launch vehicle project, taking into account that such programmes could be used to cover ballistic missile programmes;
It is probably the international community that is trying to divide a dedicated, united, determined and determined international community to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and his staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and maintenance of other equipment for office staff; supplies and materials; and purchase of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)), entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Jun Yamazaki (Japan) resigned to fill the term of office of one (Japan) who had resigned until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considers this issue every two years in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its purview and its relationship with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating their functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association is a voluntary non-governmental organization founded in 1962 and a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Campaign.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms in place within your Government to identify and investigate the financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban within your jurisdiction, or those who provide support to them or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities associated with them.
The session was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that the effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations in Africa must also receive continuous financial assistance to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in various regions and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of the responding States indicated that national policies provided equal access to services for all, regardless of sex, women and girls continued to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers that increased their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants living with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent, by 50 per cent by 2010, to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women received antenatal care and were provided with services that could reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
In order for States to maintain an effective response over the long term, strategies must be developed to build and sustain institutional capacities.
A review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that there are new features in how to use evaluations to generate lessons learned at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held on the occasion of the annual session of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognizing the increased responsibilities of WMO, the fifty-fourth executive board of WMO agreed to make the WMO Space Programme a priority.
New strategies are required to promote the availability and accessibility of data so that observing systems and programmes can benefit the application of meteorology and researchers to address global environmental problems.
As the Secretary-General's report indicates, significant progress has been made in the implementation of the United Nations mandate in Timor-Leste.
These bodies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Ministry of Disarmament Affairs), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) At any other time of its participation in any activity to be performed in the medium term of the contract of carriage, if the loss, damage or delay occurred during the time of the performance of such activity.
The second alternative was chosen and the last sentence was placed in square brackets.
A concern raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526 was that subparagraph (iv) (now paragraph (d)) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier and not to make any changes to the terms of the contract of carriage, since the latter needed to be agreed by the parties to the contract.
OIOS also found that there were no succession plans for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other States experiencing such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on projects in which improving corporate social responsibility in the developing world could lead to significant increases in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing clear and realistic ways to implement corporate social responsibility for SMEs in the developing world, provide training and tools for SMEs and promote business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of receipt of the record or of the closure of the session ( whichever is later).
For documents that have not been issued to date, the date of the estimated submission and issuance is indicated.
In order to create jobs and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO has implemented international programmes to help countries develop plans of action for the promotion of women's employment within the framework of their poverty eradication strategies.
Transport to airports 69-70 8
He regretted that no agreement had been reached on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once it had been achieved, would bring about $500 billion in income for poor or affluent countries and would help to save 144 million people worldwide from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation by making maximum use of the force of international cooperation to increase investment in the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the elimination of racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination is being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the priorities of the Ministry of Forestry was the implementation of the Revised Forestry Law (Law No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of strategic action plans, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols and the establishment of a national forestry sector observatory to improve the management of natural heritage and the conservation of biological diversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level, within their mandates and activities, and in cooperation with States, to give due consideration to the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the reports of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level;
She also welcomed the joint ministerial statement following the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
She highlighted in particular the recommendations of the Ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a substantial reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
The complaint
She shared the concern expressed by the previous speaker that 44 per cent of the recommendations of the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace of the implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification is needed on the recommendation that some final performance reports (para.
His delegation wished to see the technical analysis by which the Inspectors had presented the proposal and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse the recommendation.
(b) Integrate user groups into the development and implementation of management plans under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau would comprise five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their share of gross national product for official development assistance, to ease the burden of external debt on developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries so that developing countries could integrate into the international economy, benefit from globalization and narrow the gap between them.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis and the granting of observer status to the Community in the United Nations General Assembly could contribute to that goal, strengthen cooperation between the two sides and enhance their capacity to secure world peace and regional security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The relevant authorities in Libya are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarification at informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains extensive information on the legal provisions in force since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and the responses are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to conduct a full inquiry into the facts of 15 April 1995, prosecute and punish the responsible person, to counter the complainant, including by providing fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days of the date of the transmittal of the present decision, of the steps taken in response to the above-mentioned observations.
As a result of the collapse of his right foot in the eyes of the torturers, his right footwear was seriously wounded.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that, at the beginning of the report, the organization made it clear that the report does not make any judgement as to whether the complainant would be at risk because of his activities prior to his flight, since the organization was unable to carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the State party violated its obligation under article 3 of the Covenant to expel the complainant to the Sudan without expelling or repatriating him or her to another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he or she would be in danger of being subjected to torture.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party submits that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons do not prove systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to present its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of various aspects of insolvency law in these situations.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met in New York with the President of the United States, George W. Bush, to personally express this position, stressing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first-registered secured creditor would have been able to protect itself by verifying whether the encumbered assets were in possession of the secured creditor.
An alternative or complementary approach would be to require the identification of a secured creditor with an act of transfer to include an assignee on a registered notice on the list of conciliators with a view to avoiding the situation of third-party creditors that are involved.
By limiting the level of detail of information on the relationship between the parties in the public records, a notice-based registration system has strengthened the level of confidentiality of relations with the secured creditor.
However, by transferring the legitimate control over third-party performance obligations owed to the secured creditor, it could also be done to functionally equivalent to waiver.
The consultants worked on the drafting of guidelines with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the view of the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, that there is an urgent need to eliminate the phenomenon of deprivation and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minority groups, indigenous women, refugee and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, poor women, women in institutions or in detention, girls, women with disabilities, elderly women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly targeted or particularly vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should strive for a global security environment of cooperation, mutual trust and the general security of all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the driving forces behind the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons by some States.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewsweire, 18 December 2002.
The extensive information provided by Iraq was thoroughly reviewed not only during the reporting period.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between States through negotiations was a universally accepted principle of the international community and reflected the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue on a peaceful and just settlement of the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Please circulate this reply* as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in connection with the consideration of items under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of implementing the proposal to replace 132 computers.
Opening of the session
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting that the least developed countries that had managed to diversify their exports into products and/or services had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, demonstrating the link between a country's level of poverty and its ability to diversify production structures, he stressed the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The session was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress over the past year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the remaining concerns, while at the same time setting out the tasks that remained to be carried out.
In 2003, more than 3 million people died of HIV/AIDS worldwide, with an estimated 5 million people living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and reaching 40 million people worldwide.
Although HIV/AIDS was initially seen as a health issue, it is today increasingly recognized as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to the recognition that many factors associated with the subordinate status of women have increased the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable judicial system.
The events of January 2003 placed a tremendous burden on the emerging defence and police forces in Timor-Leste, which resulted in procedural violations of the law and constituted a violation of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should have been more appropriately reflected in the core strategy for achieving the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by States and development agencies to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for the provision of support to the Security Council be reviewed within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, that the arrangements be streamlined and that support capacities, where appropriate, be integrated in order to improve the efficiency of activities and the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the reduction of resources for information technology currently proposed for rehabilitation in 2002-2003 amounted to $480,600 (without recosting), compared to $113,800 for the expansion (see paras. 108 to 113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Committee felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and in discussions with ECE representatives and publications programmes.
Section 24 Human rights
The resource growth includes the recovery of approximately $2 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was created to replace the human rights sector that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country national AIDS programmes and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Furthermore, with regard to acts of terrorism committed outside Costa Rica, or where such acts are not really practised, articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code provide that persons who create a State or international organization of terrorist activity are punishable by law.
In this regard, the Act is intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code relating to illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, its legal status is established by Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, and article 1 of the Foundation Act recognizes “the proper legal personality of the Foundation ... The presence of an entity with a special interest in the public cause, such as a non-profit entity, and the deployment of fixed assets to carry out or contribute to education, charitable, artistic, scientific activities and all activities for social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
Meanwhile, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, elements of the Congolese Armed Forces currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the cantonment area and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 is based on the level of activities approved in 2003 for the Special Committee's programme of work for 2004-2005, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made substantial progress towards self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in migration to coca-growing areas, while in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug laboratories tended to move from rural to suburban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new characteristics of the use of drug injuries and substances used” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10) sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomon Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• Access to all documents considered to be relevant for activities related to nuclear activities (e.g., progress reports, exchanges between governmental and executive organizations, minutes of meetings and computer files) and the adoption of measures on these documents to allow for sound forensic analysis at the site or elsewhere (e.g. by way of removal, reproduction).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000, Adrien Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session) 228
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Zambia ruled that there was no reason to continue his detention.
3.2 The author further submits that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, as criminal proceedings continued for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request that the date of the execution of the author's son and the State party be informed of the exact time of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim under his own, Year's daughter and grandson, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent stating that, in the absence of a mandate, the parties must present convincing grounds for sending the communication on behalf of another.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister an appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the Court of Appeal's decision in this extremely difficult case, although “contradictory”, was frank in evidence and weighed in an appropriate manner the competing factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that the risk of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences of the imminent return of a person are that his rights may be violated.
v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)*
For this reason, you are not entitled to claim a pension under this Law.”
The military officer in charge of the area during the period 1990-1991 was Amarasinghe and died shortly after a terrorist attack.
The State party thus provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of age-based discrimination legislation as a response to the PPC's findings on the author's case.
The body authorized by the Convention to `receive and consider a communication' is the Committee and is not [the Committee].
The facts as submitted by the author
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They note that the State party has not refuted these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail to Cabal, but on 2 August 2001, the bail order was set aside on the grounds of bail in the appeal.
The detention of all remand prisoners in Melbourne Centre was constructed in 1989, but the opening of six weeks after the arrival of the person was completed and the new remand prisoners must be held at a reception centre in Cobburg.
Subsequently, he and the other members of the organization realized that the law on education (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (the Presidential Decree on the Teaching Materials of the Curriculum) prohibited the free publication of textbooks in the State language.
3.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself a violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sami people have been guaranteed through the granting of a mechanism if they have not previously determined adequate grazing rights in the reindeer husbandry area.
On 4 February 2000, the Committees reached an agreement on recommendations to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it is not possible to see whether the Supreme Court, in the Aursunden case of 1997, had questioned the conclusion that the Supreme Court of 1897 had not held bias against the Sami people.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with the murder of Mr. M and on 7 February 1997, he was held in pretrial detention.
2.3 The author states that the PPA confirmed receipt that the date of the application to the court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had committed the alleged offence and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, that he could be released on bail and ordered him to pay a sum of 2,000 francs to the complainant.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on this request, but according to the State party, there is a reasonable expectation of success, since in domestic law fault is always linked to illegal administrative decisions, and the Government has legal responsibility for this purpose (the Administrative Court of Justice, Driancourt Rec., p. 77).
In this connection, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that “the author is no longer tempted and able to give greater consideration to his current position, such as his victim's position in his life, as a result of the acceptance of the Clorazil drug treatment” and that “the possibility of recidivism and harm to society will be small and negligible”, “Clorazil treatment is very successful”.
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sofia and Bulgaria Electricity Company, International Permanent Court of Justice, Series of Sentences, A/B No. 79, p. 9.
The required substantive cooperation requires, first and foremost, that Iraq fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the items and activities for destruction or to provide evidence to facilitate the conclusion that there are no prohibited items or activities.
We, the Iraqi side, like to say nothing that is not prohibited, and if there is evidence to the contrary, they should be regarded as innocent under insufficient evidence.
A clear example is Iraq's declaration of high explosives HMX, which states that some of the HMX, which was seized by IAEA in Iraq at the end of 1998, has been made available to cement plants as industrial explosives.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate [in the capacity of observer] in [the activities of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts] [and continue to participate in the activities during the final [three] [two] days of the session of the First [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] days] days] of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the session of the Ad Hoc [intergovernmental organizations of the session of the session of the session of the Ad Hoc Experts] [of the Ad Hoc Group of the Ad Hoc Group of the Conference of the Conference of the Ad Hoc Experts] [of the Ad Hoc Experts] [of the Conference of the Ad Hoc Group of the Conference of the Conference of the Conference of the Ad Hoc Group of the Ad
At present, 60 of the 165 districts in the south-east and south-east are considered to be high to moderate.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is necessary for the development of humanity as a whole.
If the State does not guarantee its right to life, these communities will not achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution”.
There are also enterprises that, in the face of popular protests and political resistance, or considering that the costs of engaging in sustainable development, which is at the core of human rights, are too expensive, prefer to stop, cancel projects or invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure could be used to freeze without delay funds associated with terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the related statements, credentials were received from 40 States in the form of representation at the second session of the Assembly of States Parties in accordance with rule 24 of the rules of procedure, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Romania, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Poland, Spain, Poland, Poland, Poland, Spain, Spain, Spain, Romania, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Portugal, Portugal, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United Kingdom of Great Britain
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act (voluntary associations and funds) provides that aliens and stateless persons may join Azerbaijani citizens in non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate freely in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and the benefits that it generates;
According to the Fund, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and not compete with other similar enterprises in the same field.
The first class was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavian-Balkland Cultural Management Training Platform (NBP) and the European Centre for Cultural Management (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sporting and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of e-business processes that may be of interest to countries (OECD (2003)) have been identified and some definitions have been prepared:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technology censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the work of the Review Committee.
The Chairman: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, under cluster 9, entitled “Questions relating to disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
No legislative provision has been made for the criminalization of racially motivated crimes, nor has it been established that the courts should take into account the legislative provisions of racist motivation when adjudicating these crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the strategies aimed at strengthening the rights of Roma children to health care and education (for example, through health and education intermediaries and in the form of counselling in the Roma language).
A special review on gender equality recommended the development of a policy for gender mainstreaming in the country and recommended that such a policy be piloted in selected projects.
Most of them were treated at the primary level or at the hospital emergency wards.
The Labour Code recognizes trade unions of individual enterprises, multi-business unions, independent trade unions of workers and temporary trade unions.
If a female worker is sick after childbirth, her post-partum leave shall be extended and the specific time of extension shall be determined by the department that provides them with preventive or curative medical care.
Following the launch of the 800 telephone line programme, a number of tasks and actions have been carried out and have been continuously assessed, expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue fever was also included in the list of compulsory surveillance of diseases.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of registered students in the subsidized sector increased by 278,611 between 1994 and 1998 and reflects an additional 10 per cent increase.
These schools also benefit from being the focus of the national assistance programmes.
(Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of ancillary meetings of participating non-governmental organizations and professional organizations of the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the low rate of enrolment, achievement and graduation rates for students throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Integrated Follow-up to the United Nations Conference to integrate and coordinate the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way for the holding of the annual Meeting of States Parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building support for developing countries and the least developed countries in this field, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the impact of multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives, as well as on human development and institutional development, and to this end committed themselves to working with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Early warning should be given to affected communities and risk education should be carried out.
Most border checkpoints can use these information via satellite connections.
The signature of the present document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations implies consent to the provisions of the plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92, the sex of secondary school enrolment, from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a given age, but the evidence discussed in the present report concerns only adults.
In developing countries, differences in health knowledge and behaviour are the underlying causes of disparities in the level of education with regard to infant mortality.
e Data refer to students (students), not students (pre-graduate students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation for the preparation and submission of documentation for the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as ad hoc bodies and special sessions in the areas of disarmament, decolonization, economic and social affairs and related fields, organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and the final agenda and their notes, the list of supplementary items, the memorandum by the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly, the report of the General Committee to the status of the General Committee, the General Assembly for processing and the report of documents for processing and the report of documents for processing and the report of the draft resolutions and the General Assembly, and the draft resolutions and the draft resolutions and the report of the General Assembly;
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the availability and editing of reference materials in order to minimize delays in processing documents.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are in violation of the resolution adopted by the international community, which states the illegal nature of these acts and calls upon Israel to withdraw from this land, but the Israeli authorities do not do so.
My delegation is also grateful to the United Nations for its commendable efforts to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on the human society through coordinated efforts of the international community and to pay special attention in this process to the needs of developing countries.
The special session on children not only provides us with an opportunity to review the progress achieved since 1990, but also provides us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for the lives of children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality and child malnutrition.
In the event that 500 million children are still living in extreme poverty, 100 million children are out of school, more children are under-educated, about 150 million children in developing countries suffer from malnutrition and 11 million children under five die every year from preventable diseases, and in this context, what is the success of this?
The plan of action is comprehensive and includes strategies for prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts at the Professional level for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report on its mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Group of Experts
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, stresses in this regard the importance of expanding the international basis for decision-making on development issues, filling the gaps in organizational institutions, strengthening the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need for greater and stronger participation of developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including through positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, especially women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendations
Furthermore, linkages are becoming closer and more existing freight forwarders seek to establish consortia with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Forthcoming activities: implications for trade facilitation
Part III of article 14 of the Criminal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be effective, irrespective of the law of the location of the offence, insofar as acts against the public are committed on aircraft flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or on aircraft or vessels which are clearly marked and legally navigable.
Does Tajikistan, in any relevant bilateral treaty to which it is a party, use as an extraditable offence the offences set forth in the relevant international conventions and protocols?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York liaison office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio Arias Ambassador Permanent Representative
The required investment may include specific and specific assets, create side-by-side costs and increase transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia obliges all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to cooperate in combating kidnapping.
The members called upon both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and the verification mechanisms of third parties.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
As a result of the overlap between the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Treasury Division, the division of financial responsibility between the two departments increased the difficulty of coordination.
In view of the fact that the family has access to radio, it is not clear that it can be used for women in the family, it will also be important to include statistics on the use of radio by sex.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are a goal for the Iraqi leadership to seek.
It is also because of these, I can point out that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey only in a democratic manner and through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimated that even with the latest measures introduced in the late 1990s, they could not meet Kyoto targets.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and affirms that international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture can bring important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations were of the view that the responsibilities and circumstances of those who were often called “non-State actors” should be examined.
However, some delegations were of the view that the perpetrators who agreed to provide information that would help to determine the truth should be given special treatment.
By contrast, in 2000 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that the day will come very soon with concrete efforts, full cooperation, in particular through the full political will and the national priorities shown by the capitals of the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the report of the Monitoring Group contained a worrying fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately upon the closure of the discussion of a item, if time so.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the Seminar shall be held in public unless the President finds that a private meeting is necessary for exceptional circumstances.
It is clear that there can be no real and lasting peace in the Middle East without a solution to the Israeli relationship with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievements will depend on the positive developments in the overall security situation and the engagement of the international community.
Mr. Vasiliev (Bulgaria): First of all, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us the opportunity to listen to Ambassador West, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno for such excellent briefings.
(d) Improve treatment programmes through the use of best medical findings for careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums for field staff, related contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the changing workload of the missions.
d In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of $18,068,667 was deducted from Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001, representing a reduction of the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
In commemoration of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their determined work in close coordination in this regard, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 was to consolidate the fragile foundations of peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States, as well as by nuclear-weapon States, is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to efficiently utilize the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for crops, plantations and animal husbandry have reduced the relative profits of forests and have contributed to increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 in recognition of the gravity of the conflict at the time, as a result of the complaints of different nationality mercenaries on various fronts.
The discussion of the legal definition of mercenaries at the second meeting of experts also expressed the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Resolved to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If a further assumption is made that 30 per cent of the investment team works for reinsurance, 50 per cent of the total risk for commercial lenders, while approximately 25 per cent of the project cost is covered by the initial payments of project sponsors or beneficiaries, then the value of investments supported by $2 billion may be up to $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) of the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Import into Africa of Hazardous Wastes and their Control of Transboundary Movement in Africa, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991;
At the Ministerial International Meeting of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation, held in Almaty, Kazakhstan (August), the secretariat contributed to the preparation of the UNCTAD report on “The challenges and opportunities for further improving the transport systems and economic development of landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided an additional elaboration on trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops corresponding to the WTO regional workshops on trade and environment.
These items are of high value or of an extraordinary nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chains of inhumane poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, regardless of their size and size, abide by the Charter of the United Nations.
Are we, as a debtor country, going to be forever from sugar poverty?
We firmly believe that these minor reforms will give greater interest to the various stakeholders in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate on the critical issues that will make it easier to implement the decisions taken.
2003/3 Programme and budgets, 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and bodies of the United Nations system in supporting the activities of recipient countries, in particular in supporting developing countries and in particular the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; and also enquired whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a management committee, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both points to the road to peace and the day when all people are free, that is, to come.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a mixed presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, unlike a purely presidential system.
In summary, there are two situations in which violations and reparation are made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri brigade consists of an authorized strength of 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and auxiliary units.
MONUC has since carried out a number of operations to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some of those suspected of private weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identifies, inter alia, a number of matters for action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with the words “best practices in implementing the results of the Department's annual programme impact review”.
In the objective, replace the words “in the context of the Millennium Declaration” with the words “the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration)”.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and in cooperation with all Member States, and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize conferences, seminars and other events at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education, coordinated by OHCHR;
Discrimination against convicted persons
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems supplier entities, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations should work closely to ensure the provision of safe, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility in November 2002 to identify strategic ways to strengthen participation in national forest programmes and to build partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve a permanent and sustainable peace.
He noted the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial steps taken to strengthen the role of civil society in the southern Sudan under rebel domination.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Mr. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-5973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In doing so, there must be dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session of 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus,1 also on behalf of Kenya1 and Yemen,1 introduced a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements was changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continue to debate the issue of annual declarations and prior notification of standardization and improvement of quality of ballistic missile launches and space launch vehicles.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to introduce courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civic affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have rightly illustrated the importance of justice in the most difficult process of achieving national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant Secretariat departments in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
With regard to the Tribunal, liaison will be based on the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization, and at United Nations Headquarters, upon request, on its behalf.
(b) Enhancing dialogue with the major groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous people, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and engaging these groups in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of policy makers has also been supported so that their policies and plans take into account the social aspects of water management, energy and the environment.
Performance measures
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The primary objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of the Member States concerned, in the timely provision of disaster relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association for Volunteerism also has a voluntary liaison representative who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association for Voluntary Work and communications on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which will be rigorously followed up and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsimoen (Norway) said that the fight against terrorism was being used as a pretext for torture and suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the observation on 29 and 30 November by ECOWAS and French forces of armed elements of an attempt to cross the ceasefire line and the serious consequences that may arise.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent relative: 27.2 per cent of friends: 57.8 per cent of the same or working relationship: 52.7 per cent of themselves (short information): 25.0 per cent of the strangers: 1.6 per cent others
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not inherently vulnerable as a group, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the material, social and economic environment in which they cannot control, thereby increasing their risk.
Different groups differ in the manner in which they specifically express their common concern, but they agreed that social vulnerability inhibits their full potential and deprives them of their voice and rights.
Several families have lost their homes because of the medical costs and loss of income of members of infected families.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations solely from the standpoint of international law.
The Commission did not correctly equate an international organization with an appropriate balance between an intergovernmental organization and, even when it might unduly restrict the scope of the draft articles, it also wished to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
(a) The primary responsibility of the State for the protection of refugees and other persons under the responsibility of UNHCR;
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassess the status of UNHCR within the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue the dialogue with the Chadian Movement for Democracy and Justice and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken in the design of super-priority in the financing of purchase money is whether such priority should be given only to the seller of goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the acquisition of goods.
The advantage of determining such priority claims is to promote social objectives.
For creditors, clarity and results can predict priority rules and effective identification and identification mechanisms with priority in the provision of credit are equally important as the details of the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to examine all goods entering or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for substantial human and sophisticated inspection equipment, which is not available in most countries of the region.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of cargo.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that the Office of the Special Representative should be supported through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the vote and said that delegations had come together to change the general thrust of the draft resolution by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as follows: `Discrimination' is a manifestation of the different treatment of persons, wholly or largely depending on the race, place of origin, political opinion, colour, creed or sex to which they belong, one group of persons is bound or restricted, and the other group of persons is free from any restrictions or restrictions, and they enjoy the privileges or preferences that the former cannot enjoy.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to benefit from these services without discrimination and equality.
Resettlement services are provided by the company headquarters and the regional referral centres (including the Coroner Centre).
As the rules applicable to each category of persons differ, the Regulations also distinguish between “Children”, “Youth” and “Youth”.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children were living in institutions, of whom 173 were boys and 150 were girls.
The list of cases is classified according to the location of the properties and lists a total of 68 such areas.
In exceptional cases, the availability of a camera can only be permitted.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are tracked at antenatal clinics at maternity hospitals.
Given the small size of the Maltese Islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A mentoring plan and partial support were also provided to provide services to students in need.
Malta favours the concept of culture as a manifestation of a wide range of personal, social and economic values.
The document treats these creative activities as essential activities to ensure sustainable national development, because it has the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Housing Authority's notice of rent and sales
Despite the major efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other problems continue to severely hamper the achievement of sustainable development in African societies.
I am thinking in particular of issues such as finance, debt, market access and technology and the transfer of experience.
In the development of the country, the importance of trade will not be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of recognized associations.
It is important to reaffirm that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, non-discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of human rights, and that “any act contrary to the fundamental principle of equality or any discrimination or other adverse discrimination against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and is a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the informal paper of the two States, in favour of a mandate to negotiate a comprehensive convention that would strictly prohibit the cloning of human beings for reproductive purposes, and, on the one hand, seek to regulate other forms of cloning, i.e., by giving the States parties in the future to choose, or by banning or suspending such cloning, or through domestic legislation.
Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and without objection, I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council in due course.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of the Iraqi problem.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decisions.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to go ahead in forecasting potential crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism and aggressive separatism are often intertwined and poses a threat to the foundations of the international system.
This month marks the end of two and a half years of the crisis in Israel and the West Bank and Gaza, which is a source of insecurity, a political impasse and an increasing two and a half years of economic damage.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the continued efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who fought for the cause of justice, such as the ban on the United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for the independence of the State, were persecuted.
He would clarify and elaborate further on such an approach and the need to integrate it into human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The employment rate and unemployment rates in almost all countries of the region have deteriorated, despite the fact that, to date, the most serious of the situation has been in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have seen a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions in the discussion of scientific facts.
The dedicated organizational and external resources are the main sources of funding for most assessments.
The process of making the results a relevant scientific policy equally important to the process of data collection” (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/Marine Assessment/reports/Iceand-propostal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions in the Working Group on Internal Regulations.
Cuba case studies”.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to inform troop-contributing countries on this issue annually.
In response to this question, please refer to the responses to paragraph 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements, refugees were intercepted, denied access or forced repatriation and were denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Furthermore, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum meeting on special arrangements, while burden-sharing was a central issue for the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remains controversial.
On 23 July, a gunman opened fire on a United Nations aircraft in Baldé.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicated that both Brazilian Governments and NGOs had participated in the process of preparation, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
Students prefer religious classes and science and mathematics are less popular.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends awards of compensation for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges in the Baalun Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting in changes in the rate of production, growth and mortality of fish stocks; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals in the Arctic environment, although their sources are scattered in different locations; (iii) the need for industrial development to be coordinated with the conservation of fish sites and the protection of a clean environment; and (iv) the possibility of increased maritime transport operations in 2015 from the main western Europe ice of five to the west-Serbian ice centres from 5 mills in Western Sicks.
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals in areas beyond national jurisdiction, seafloor activities, shipping activities and dumping, as well as the effects of climate change, constituted a real and continuing threat to the marine ecosystem of the Arctic.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to transmit the voice of the United Nations to every corner of the world;
The programme agreed with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring that entrepreneurs needed support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regz, Lausanne Ingénieurs du mondez, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dimitri (Romania) (translated from French): As this is the first time we are taking the floor during this session, I would like to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the model of verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach had been proposed and discussed extensively.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian homes in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) have been demolished as a result of the failure to obtain prior building permits, resulting in the loss of 16,700 Palestinians' homes.
The portfolio currently has about 100 loans with an insured value of over $5 million; another $3 million is for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will benefit from and benefit from the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable settings;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over 10,000 students received scholarships for Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China during the same period.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of the population aged 15 years and over and 5 per cent of men completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed the high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from four to eight, from 12 to 18 at the provincial level, from 96 to 131 at the district level and from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also work with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative ways of counselling and birth spacing services for adolescents.
The same curriculum is given to men and women, with children playing football, queues, tennis and other similar collective campaigns.
Indigenous youth have taken note of the experience of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with the various human rights instruments.
As an observer for the First Meeting of States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey declared its intention to accede to the Convention for the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also contributed to defining and clarifying the different aspects of the issue.
Everyone knows, however, how much harm they can cause if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we are seeing only the beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts of the Secretary-General to modernize the human rights treaty system, in particular with regard to reporting requirements, which placed an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating accounts for various peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Political — Military Aspects”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the type of principal legal systems.
In its first stage of work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had enacted legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The oversight mechanism of the initiative includes guidance groups organized by target countries, donor countries and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In the area of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in countries play an increasingly important role, first and foremost as a factor in promoting and implementing these goals and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability.
In order to make progress, we need a frank dialogue and concrete recommendations.
Mr. Tavares (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the Pacific Islands Forum members that are members of the United Nations: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my own country, Fiji.
The discussion of individual committees in a bottom-up and bottom-up manner could also play an important role.
It was said that a proposal submitted to the National Congress Sub-Committee on Financing and the Senate Financial Committee during the first session of the Conference would amend article 956 of the Law on Internal Taxation and, importantly, article 936 of the Law on Taxation which the federal Government decided to eliminate most of the tax exemptions.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered the recommendations of the report to be acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles to access to data from the global data centre for the atmosphere and the hydrological network, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address these issues for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China is interested in the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and signed an agreement with the State in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the development of oil resources in West Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides for a higher status of international treaties than Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on free access to information sets out the conditions relating to the right to free access to information and establishes basic requirements for the provision of information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO states that the reconstruction project increased the harvest of rice by 12 per cent in 2003, partly offset by a sharp decline in maize as a result of last year's drought.
Integrated programme for the management of childhood diseases, implemented in accordance with the Health Strategy for Children between the ages of one and five.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste have enhanced cooperation in various fields of education and science.
Legislation based on that policy document will be introduced to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen the capacity of the national police and public administration and fully respect the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was to restore the wording used in the Secretariat's proposal (former variant 1, para. (4) (b)), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74, and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the absence of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China at the current meeting was an important signal, and he urged all Member States opposed to the process to reconsider their positions.
Italy
As a result of the increased experience with the use of the Procurement Card and the use of the Payroll Net software, this limit has increased to $2,500 for all cardholders' transactions.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of the recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
China believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-contaminated energy source is a key factor in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Remote cooperation and exchanges between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is reserved for the administrative management of ODS.
Changes to the programme narratives for the preparation of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and further changes to the note, as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3
To date, only one State (Botswana) has been de-listed.
International organizations concerned with programmes generally consider statistics to be primarily a tool for the development, implementation or evaluation of health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June of this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts on implementing a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively committed to seeking consensus in the Conference on Disarmament for the purpose of negotiating a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards the above objectives could be summarized as follows: to encourage the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East, to resolutely preserve the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, to free the Middle East region from weapons of mass destruction; to recommend practical measures to reduce tensions and confidence-building, to control all forms of the arms race in the Middle East region under the auspices of the United Nations; to strengthen intelligence cooperation and confidence-building measures between the countries of the Middle East and of the world' States of arms exporting countries of the Middle East and of the Middle East and of the world; and of the Middle East and of the world.
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and, in this context, reiterates the appeal of President Olusegun Obasanjo for the international community to work towards the conclusion of legally binding international instruments during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago to regulate the provision of such weapons to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “whistle-blowers” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned at acts and manifestations of violence and discrimination resulting from religious intolerance affecting many women,
Such an analysis must be carried out with the direct participation of the agencies and programmes concerned.
If the publication programme is found to be deficient, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach could not be seen as reform, but could only be seen as eliminating the mandate and objectives of the Commission and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre as necessary.
(a) The legal representative of matters related to the Centre and shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has committed itself to contributing to the restoration and maintenance of peace in areas of conflict and has participated in more than 20 meetings for that purpose since 1952.
Like many countries on our continent, Ethiopia's long-standing suffering as a result of conflict and war and their consequences may be more suffering than others in this regard.
The project against the abduction of children was reported as another important UNICEF activity in the Sudan with the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and stressed that programme managers of the section must comply with regulations 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If so, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform objectives, let alone to the promotion of peace objectives in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy adopted in July 2000 provided for positive action to increase the representation of women in the Government's legislative and executive bodies and in political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 Situation Assessment and Analysis.
14.5 Women in rural areas and adoption of family planning methods
In a statement to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reaffirmed his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolution affirms the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
The pattern I had found in my previous report remained unchanged, namely that the aircraft tended to fly to the sea and then to enter Lebanese airspace from the northern part of the UNIFIL theatre, thus avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
The Working Group also held informal consultations during the intersessional period.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the refurbishment of premises should make access to buildings more easily accessible.
The report also discussed trends in the use of contraceptives by married and cohabiting women in various regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
Despite the strong commitment of the international community to guarantee human survival, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than a billion people in the world were suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change had disrupted the stability of many countries, that millions of children continued to die as a result of the lack of drinking water and sanitation, that disease continued to cause hundreds of thousands of deaths, that the gap between the rich and the poor and that the means of production and consumption continued unabated.
Other matters
Recalling the determination of the Heads of State and Government, at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations, to take measures aimed at, inter alia, ensuring respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, eliminating the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and promoting harmony and tolerance among people in all societies,
This trend confirms the declining trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), in accordance with existing legislative mandates, the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared.
The debate had shown that, while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there was still considerable scope for addressing major issues in the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salinity and the reduction of pollution of ammonia in groundwater have increased.
By celebrating the World Day, the support of States for the Convention could be renewed and the sharing of experience and knowledge could be promoted.
When travel is not required to leave the residence at night, no allowance shall be paid if the trip is not less than 10 hours, or if the journey reaches 10 hours or more, or 40 per cent of the allowance.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covered a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including through specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed that a delegation be dispatched to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat as an indication of the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take steps to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, including through the improvement of the electoral code, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to realize the right of women to participate in all spheres of public life, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage, inter alia, through counselling, children of both sexes to make educational choices and to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that a number of recent changes in the British Columbia have had a disproportionate negative impact on women, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Law on the Governance of Indigenous Peoples” currently under discussion does not address discriminatory legal provisions that are still retained in other laws, including the issue of marital property rights, identity and family belonging that are contrary to the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations at the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund has created two awards, one on the “best reporting award” for women journalists and another on the “most gender-sensitive reporting” for male journalists or female journalists.
Research will be carried out in the field of the media and peace, with special attention to the Latin American and African region.
In December 2001, an international non-governmental organization that maintains a formal relationship with UNESCO adopted a plan of action entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World”. In the framework of the implementation of the plan of action, a project entitled “T heritage and a Culture of Peace” was launched in collaboration with the UNESCO Unit for Peace and Coordination in order to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local population and the general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic characteristics of the various stages of the value chain.
The Treasurer participated in the meetings of the NGO ADB Forum and the annual ADB meeting organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of a model for the successful transformation of prostitutes by civil society (especially taking into account their vulnerability to HIV infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only attributes of women and should in fact be a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and within society as a whole.
The elimination of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons in the world is a long-term goal of the United Nations.
The commitment to increase troop availability is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peacebuilding without the deployment of any military personnel.
The two countries, China and China, are largely on track, so the world's chances of meeting the target by 2015 are high.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have stepped up their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its goal is to demonize people by means of violence, to demonize their voices and to undermine free consent and freedom of expression, which are precisely the foundation of all civilizations.
It draws on the weaknesses and loopholes in the judicial order in our social organizations and in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort, convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the ninth meeting of the Committee; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, considered at the Committee's 2nd meeting; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2, which was considered at the Committee's twenty-first meeting; see CEDAW/C/UK/4 and Add.1-4).
The law also provides that the Committee on Learning and Skills should take fully into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as persons with disabilities and non-disadvantages in the exercise of its functions.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the field of science and technology include the “Review of the Lord's Mrs. Greenfield”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the fields of rational and technical work and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of rational and technical work.
The two General Assembly members of the Women's Union for Northern Ireland have also served as Vice-President of the General Assembly, two of whom were women before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (rule 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government has put in place a plan of action to address the low rate of rape reporting and conviction.
The document, taking into account the observations made in 1998 on the plan of action for consultation, provides a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to stop it.
In cases where effective international and local contractors require the United Nations or management to accept terms and conditions that are not acceptable to them, or where the re-bidding of such contracts would be cost-effective, management may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
Practical progress has been made in the tripartite process as set out in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, irrespective of the level of progress in the renegotiation, the deadline of 21 November should be respected in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common concern and determination on the part of all States Members of the United Nations.
That is to address the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the time being, there is a consensus within the United Nations that tends only to increase the number of non-permanent members elected, and we will support that approach.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is a very important additional instrument for further strengthening the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the process of developing these systems, the Court will need considerable flexibility.
As stated in the first part of the budget, the Court would need more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, and possibly the Trial Chamber, to deal with the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• Concrete factual assumptions about the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on leadership levels
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to add a second investigative team in June 2004 and a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracing and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation will require assistance to ensure that field office staff regularly enter the court network.
The Chief of Security also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions through the maintenance of day-to-day liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Office at Geneva and other international organizations.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the International Criminal Court at the international level by using different approaches to explain the principles, objectives and actions of the organization to the target audience and the public at large in a good working environment, with high levels of knowledge, and by establishing an efficient public professional library and providing documentation services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) Reminds the receiving services of any matter which the Secretariat deems necessary for them to consider;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not the appropriate way to provide resources to the Secretariat.
Victims Trust Fund
There are several issues that have not yet been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign it within this week.
Discussions at the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations implement Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development as a matter of priority.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action on relevant recommendations of the internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to say a word about this issue today.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS Agreement), which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples, adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Secretary-General has already submitted recommendations in this regard (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in promoting and implementing the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources necessary for the implementation of its mandate and by better servicing and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Committee of the original sponsors explained the context and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls completed their studies.
In addition, the Government and civil society have taken other initiatives:
- To change mindsets, which continue to be derived from the culture of society and which is based on the old ideas that slow the progress of women.
As some delegations pointed out, the reimbursement for troop costs for 2002 was significantly higher than the reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment, since troop-contributing countries could promptly and accurately calculate the number of troops assigned to them, while the cost of contingent-owned equipment required more specific information.
The report contains a number of recommendations that the Advisory Committee believes should be addressed directly by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia has thus formally assumed its obligation to combine the provisions of the European Union as a whole legislation, which has led to the need for an overall legal adjustment of the issue of gender equality in accordance with the standards set by the European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons, adopted in 2000 and 2003, are detailed in article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), then the number of beneficiaries increased, according to an estimated 350,000 in 1998 and 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services at the Zagreb Patagery Clinic continued its activities until the end of 2003 with its programme of “Education for Youth for the Protection of Reproductive Health and Health in general”, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly opposed the inclusion of the item on the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principle of territorial integrity, which was enshrined in the Charter.
It was said that the distinction between goods being discharged from their original means of transport seemed somewhat outdated.
An alternative suggestion was made that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One Security Council member noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the submission of the Secretary-General's report in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664 and S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property in Iraq.
Iraq is urged to repatriate the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to return their remains to their families.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to ascertain the fate of the Shakm will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman said he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC success in its further work to strengthen the anti-terrorist coalition of States.
The means of promoting global markets themselves — improved communication, the use of the media, better transport links and, more rapidly, more easily, the development of the global network of terrorism — a network that breeds common hate messages that seek to achieve common goals of killing and wanton destruction and to defeat the moral culture of bad faith, and thus control civil society, particularly a multi-democratic civil society.
“Terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been postponed in the past owing to budgetary constraints; it cannot be postponed again and UNDP has a considerable impact on the quality and ability of its staff.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries by September 2003, a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
Organizational reforms have also been introduced at the Division level; within the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly the Urban Secretariat), the Statistics and Tools Section and the Global Urban Observatory Section have been merged into a section to use the latter's name.
The monitoring function has been expanded to include, in addition to existing urban indicators and geographic information systems, programmes to monitor urban inequalities.
The themes of capacity development will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
In 2007, PeopleSoft escalated, perhaps introducing new features
What challenges are:
As the National Committee usually uses contributions from other resources as a basis for the fund-raising of regular resources, this will make it possible to increase the fund-raising capacity of regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance in the preparations, activities with multiplier effects and activities that may have a significant impact on the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexican Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, coordinates programmes, including the educational programmes for migrants in favour of Mexican children, youth and adults.
The Philippine Government's measures in this regard have proved the failure to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers and to protect them from illegal practices related to highly lucrative sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the establishment of basic knowledge on the causes and consequences that affect women in the current migration process, thereby enabling the development of informed decision-making.
The management and documentation of major conferences constitute “the central and fundamental aspects of the daily functioning of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387 para.
The Department of Conference Services, in consultation with the author departments, sought to find a consolidated methodology and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integrating women's human rights and a gender perspective
The table shows the RFMOs with normative powers in relation to the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, 34 and those which do not provide more powers than those which often provide advice on scientific matters.35 These two types of RFMOs can be held in parallel and mutually reinforcing: the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (IAC) provides advice to NEAFC, while the Forum Fisheries Agency may provide advice to CSR.
Implications of the entry into force of the Agreement for the relevant or proposed international instruments
For example, Conference of the States Parties decision II-10 ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Ground watercourses may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in demand reduction, in accordance with the international drug control system, for reducing drug trafficking and illicit use and its associated consequences,
Iraq states that the goods were not delivered in a timely manner, as “the materials were sent and issued and invoiced until 4 July 1990” and that “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arabian Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for the “Temporary family subsistence allowance”, which relates to compensation paid to employees working in Saudi Arabia during the period covered by the claim and whose families remained in North America to compensate them for the necessary costs of maintaining their homes in two locations.
Chevron Research and KNPC concluded agreements for the supply of catalysts to each installation prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KNPC continued to address its catalytic needs through the Chevron Institute, following the signature of the first facilitation agreement with Chevron Research in 1975; and KNPC's permission to purchase all of the catalyst required for each of the devices; The Hydrogen Disrupting technology used by these devices is Chevron U.S.
In summary, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, its annual ship and mechanical premiums were USD 2,762,640 calculated at the rate of 0.003 per cent of the sum of USD 10 million (the value of each ship exceeds (the value of Chevron U.S.A. payable).
The case concerned the International Islamic Charitable Fund, the “International Foundation for Charitable Philosophy” (Benevolence International Foundation), which is based in Chicago and is an organization on the Committee's list.
The present document is submitted pursuant to the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to policies that do not first use or use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or those not associated with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India has announced the establishment of its nuclear command structure, including a political council, as the sole body for approving the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the post of High Commissioner, I have stressed this in particular in the context of the Project Profile.
It is true that, in the case of many countries, there is no situation in which poor countries are developing faster than rich countries, or “consolidated” to rich countries, or where they are “ narrowing the gap” in terms of per capita income.
The Court must examine, in accordance with its competence, the conformity of its applicable legal provisions with the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the time required for the planning, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with Security Council mandates;
A consultant is requested to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media on climate change “is considered generally” (France), “the media did not clearly indicate the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media failed to play a role in the dissemination of ideas” (Italy).
Sweden emphasized that the people must be aware of and aware of those problems and must know what needed to be done to address the problem and what they could play in that process.
Participation in the media.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated wastewater discharges into vulnerable wetlands could lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education had been included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The near unanimous view of the latter was that there was no individual right without a corresponding social obligation or responsibility, not only if those responsibilities were to be defined in an appropriate manner within the international framework and at the national level, but that there were some of the diverse and important benefits that could be derived from them, whether they were ruler or ruler.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as the United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declaration of risk” (article 1, paragraph (c)), para.
Other documents
We are equally struck by the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and by the Near East Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our serious concern at the continuing violence and the excessive use of force, which have caused enormous loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Consequently, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
The chief of the brigade is not convinced: “You have not changed — if you do not have something or not?” — “I have one” — “What?
One of his expertise, which is one of the expertise of the training camp, is to use toxic agents.
The scope of activities in Zaakawa is now not limited to this small corner of northern Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take important decisions and to take the decisions that the world looks forward to with greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also means that the employment of children is harmful to their health and development, that they are prevented from attending school or from fulfilling school-related responsibilities, or that they are inconsistent with and do not conform to the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on Minimum Age and Recommendation 146, Convention No. 182 on the worst forms of child labour and Recommendation No. 190 and Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers compensation that guarantees an adequate standard of living for them and their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puigros González, David Melgar García, Eusterio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Javier González Ibernica
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Naji, introduced the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group apologized for being absent).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take steps to improve the integrity of press releases.
President: History
The Computerization Division, composed of one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the efficient application and continued development of information technology in court.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to decide and declare:
Only the documents attached to the pleadings and correspondence of the case are being issued on an exceptional basis if they are necessary to understand the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once the funds enter the banking system, even if the funds are deposited in the bank for the sole purpose of being transferred from the bank to the bank, it is likely to be found if the funds are diverted for illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general standard, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed simplification of the system of job classification and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report to the General Assembly on the outcome of the assessment of effectiveness, as it was decided at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries, and support from developed countries, particularly through aid, trade and debt relief.
All claimants in the twenty-sixth instalment operated in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The verification and valuation of uncollectible receivables claims in the twenty-sixth instalment is based on the methodology described in paragraphs 211 to 215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering that extreme weather events and their accompanying natural disasters and disaster reduction must be addressed in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the World National Assembly for Peace and Non-violence, jointly organized by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gulf Memorial Museum in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 urges all States to guarantee the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The Estonian people and I personally join all the representatives present in expressing deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and others, for their tragic murders.
Estonia is a party to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of objects damaged.
In addition to the Organization of the United Nations and the International Organization of Government, ACI has worked with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Federation of Air Traffic Movement Control Officers (IFATCA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCAIA), the Council of International Federation of Cargo and Drivers (IFA) (IFA).
English and French are the language of their work, but in some forums, including the Conference, other languages such as Spanish are also used.
The first lender is the pre-insolvency lender or the seller of goods, who is still in relationship with the debtor and its operations, and may advance new money or provide trade credit in order to raise the possibility of recovering their existing claims, perhaps by raising the rate of the new loan.
Some laws adopt a default rule to the effect that the failure of the insolvency representative to act within the specified time period would result in a contract being considered, for example, to be rejected or enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a corporation or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be entrusted to the insolvency representative or to the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to establish confidentiality obligations for both debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or the debtor presiding;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are taken, requests for the prevention of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects in other laws may be suspended.
A creditor's failure to file a claim before the final report and accounting may result differently depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
If the claim made in the proceedings is the subject of consideration outside of the insolvency proceeding, such claims are normally attributable to a category of claims that may be provisionally recognized in the insolvency proceedings on the basis of the nature of the claim and prior to the settlement of the dispute (subject to the application of the stay measure - chapter II, B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor's counsel or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken in many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative should convene a meeting of creditors and present an account after the asset is changed and distributed.
The threat of a unconventional attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have not seen any practical steps taken by Israel towards that goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference that we pledge to resolve the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to worship or assemble in a religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall direction of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on children's rights, the General Assembly continued to stress the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two statements were distributed informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 the first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana — a feasibility review.
The arbitrary use of exceptions by States in bilateral dispute settlement could undermine the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the exercise of diplomatic protection against corporations.
Thirdly, after the breakdown of State practice, it should be possible to establish the reasons for a State to take unilateral action or conduct; the criteria for an express or implicit commitment to be valid, in particular, but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organ responsible for or responsible; the circumstances and conditions under which unilateral commitments may be revised or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
Currently, a project is being implemented with the support of the Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding innovative means of reproductive health.
A growing number of new Rotary institutions have been created worldwide, the fastest growing region being Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Britain, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be described as an example of a durable solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, will host an exhibition on family issues near the Vienna Café at the basement of the General Assembly Building, on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to highlight the very important role of the IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and to note the considerable progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The plan of action emanating from the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure the continuation of good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the Director-General's plan of action to combat nuclear terrorism, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
The Agency's staff, however, work every day in these and many other areas in order to make our world better and safer.
Natural persons have no place of business, whichever is their habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of the electronic signature after the signature may be detected; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the context of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition did not belong to the text of the instrument but to the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation should take place in two stages.
6.8.4.5 In the event of the need to maintain dangerous goods, the provision of 6.8.3.3.1.3 shall be met.
“3. States should examine their infrastructure and establish their interdependence in order to strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, particularly on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, to the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council on the same day for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- International Decade for Action, “Water for Life”, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicates that young girls are given the space they need to achieve themselves.
As a result of the cancellation of the meeting originally scheduled for 27 October in a Main Committee of the General Assembly, the proposed meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be borne by existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the 2003 report on human rights development makes it clear that, if the situation is not rapidly improving, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by 219, to reduce extreme poverty by half and to two thirds by 2015 to reduce child mortality.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real risk to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's recovery.
Developing country producers must overcome a number of obstacles to use these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Committee will facilitate the work of the Commission.
This reprehensible assassination resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and the wounding of some forty-seven others.
“With regard to the temporal competence, the complainant finds itself in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly stems from the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), which it continued until the date of entry into force, since the relevant deprivation was `life'.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found more than a violation of a clause and subsequently recommended a package of measures that could be disaggregated according to the above.
In response to the State party's objection to admissibility, on the grounds that the acts complained of were not committed by State organs but by the State party's Chamber of Commerce and Industry Insurance, which was unable to influence them, the Human Rights Committee considered that the State party's obligation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to do its part of its functions to other self-governing bodies remained.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed the alleged discrimination in the loan market, the use of insulting language by individuals, 203 and access to public places or to public services.
Human Rights Committee communication No. 172/1984, Broks v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Kammer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect. K, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The graduates of vocational schools were trained in universities to become teachers and to send managers of cooperatives to further study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, following a decision of the Tribunal, Radio Bombolom was reactivated, the first case of the Tribunal's decision to overthrow the Administration for several years.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on multiple fronts and clearly demonstrate the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen the system.
It has been agreed under this joint programme to provide US$ 10 million in contributions and US$ 500 million in fast-track credit, which is expected to show the complementarity between capacity-building and borrowing operations, as well as between the United Nations and development finance institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McAskie, presented a detailed study on the subject.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria has also signed memorandums of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, the island no longer has a joint central administration that is legally or in fact sufficient to represent Cyprus as a whole.
The Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; the rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; the promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive evolution was confirmed in 2001, with an increase of 1.9 per cent in the year and a shift in the outlook for 2002.
Article 24 of Law No. 7/17083 penalizes the offence of the wilful financing of terrorism in another different pattern: “For the purpose of the fighting, recruitment, accession or support for illegal military organizations, whether armed or unarmed, or in a uniform or non-uniform manner”.
The security situation must also continue to be stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, a fence of approximately 300 kilometres has been constructed that prevents Palestinian terrorists from infiltrating into Israeli population centres to kill civilians.
Germany regrets the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not constructed along the Green Line.
The wall consists of trenches, roads and fences that are parallel to it.
The European Union remained in close contact with the parties concerned and was willing to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to curbing extremist behaviour.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to the specific information system. ]
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there seems to be no measures to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Deeply concerned at the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent lives and its devastating impact on stability in the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The Monterrey Consensus — Implementation and Future Mandate”.
Draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 is unbalanced in its application of transparency measures only for conventional weapons and the exclusion of weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to reconcile national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of the organizations and institutions responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
English
The diamond mining inspectors, cross-border inspectors and airport inspection advisers are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
In particular, the plight of children can make them a nightmare, urea bed, dysentery and sleep unstable.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be merged with those dealing with special priority rights and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the reviews, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role played by all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the related internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the expansion of British citizenship to citizens of overseas territories and called upon the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular on human rights and financial services regulation, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 5 million on construction, mostly funded by the Anguilla Bank and the Caribbean Commercial Banks.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon States, the specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for scholarships and scholarships for Palestine refugees; requested the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, within their respective mandates, to continue to assist Palestine refugee students in higher education; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustees of such special grants and scholarships and to issue qualified Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent publication of the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of the Charter report on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus its efforts on a smaller number of issues and avoid the fragmentation of resources on issues of concern to other United Nations bodies such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Internal stabilization system
The protection of those who have left their homes is often difficult, as mass exoduses typically occur in situations of crisis and conflict in which national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented a copy of a invoices issued by Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipt issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate and recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
Noting the fact that the President had not applied his earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure, he wished to record the following statement that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and earlier by the President.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance to support UNMIK police activities.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the session in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination to Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States Information Network, of the aims and purposes of the international conference to encourage contributions and support to the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments undertaken by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia in accordance with the Charter of the Gulf of Aden will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to implement the declarations that we all have adopted in all its aspects — declarations that have generated great hopes in the hearts of those peoples of our greatest poverty.
Our efforts to re-energize our economy urgently need to be complemented by new FDI, transfer of official development assistance, transfer of technology and the need to deepen cooperation with Member States and with global civil society.
We are equally saddened to learn that the members of the Iraqi Governing Council, Ms. Ajila Hashem, died as a result of the injuries sustained during the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in responding to identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean Moné and Robert Shuman led to the establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community, which later expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration body today known as the European Union.
High-pressure means and accompanying behaviour continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6)bis
Applicability or opt-out
Some support was expressed for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is accessible through the National Statistics Institute web site (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also with respect to those targets, we are evaluating the evidence gathered so far on each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran agreed with the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on strengthening support for South-South cooperation and public awareness on South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur exchanged numerous communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, similar institutions exist in Hong Kong, the occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the revised draft text for the Cancún Ministerial Declaration (Job(03)/150/Rev.2), on the basis of which WTO members continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally felt that the revised draft did not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
A major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessments and modelling.
“1. For those who use force, threaten the use of force or use other hijackings of aircraft or vessels, a penalty of between 7 and 15 years' imprisonment is imposed.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures and the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines and declared that the State had become a co-sponsor of the Danish and United States proposal on such mines.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but the implementation of our commitment to the rule of law will require considerable additional resources for the Unit.
Over the past decade, there has been a substantial increase in the number of intra-State conflicts and a significant change in the nature of armed conflicts.
It is to be hoped that consultations will be held as widely as possible not only within the United Nations system but also within the relevant institutions and civil society in the preparation of the report.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, following a proposal by the Chairperson for consideration, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The FIU has signed agreements and memorandums of understanding to exchange information on the investigation of financial networks with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• A description and list of items by importing companies;
Similarly, in December, the Council of Europe experts held preliminary discussions with UNMIK and local leaders at the central and municipal levels to begin the process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Working Group established to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the national report prepared for the next session of the Subcommittee on new mechanisms and new initiatives implemented by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This allows Sweden to obtain full data from all parts of Europe from Earth observation satellites in direct reception patterns.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will be actively and effectively involved in ensuring that the final outcome of the Conference is acceptable to all countries, both in its form and in its content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine action were held at the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) on the basis of the results of the two seminars, which were prepared in the annex to the final report of the Standing Committee.
International Testing and Evaluation Programme: This is an international programme that will help participating countries to work together to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the present resolution and to explore any possibility for the full and effective discharge of his mandate in the context of his mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system; there will be no alternative if there is to be real progress towards a non-discriminatory open system.
Finding solutions will need to take into account the real trade economy of a particular country and assess its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the CST expert group, to select three to four representative case studies in reports received by Parties, to be submitted by Parties to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly regularly use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase in local staff salaries effective 1 July 2002, and the estimated payment of $35,000 for overtime to local staff travelling to and from Damascus and Faouar camps per day to the bus.
The federal budget for each year has an allocation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunity has already applied a number of procedures to be applied by promoters.
(2) Provision of skills or know-how or know-how for terrorist organizations, subject to their instructions or cooperation;
The Chairman said that the term “legal provisions” might give the impression that reference to other laws was made, whereas “legal” meant explicitly referring to the law relating to a concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, contributes to socio-economic paralysis and exacerbates the blockade.
That is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of two States living side by side within secure and recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the serious threats posed by those regimes, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illegal nuclear-weapon programmes, hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are unknown to all delegates and the world at large.
According to the UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to touch on some of the work of the IAEA that the international community has focused on.
I usually hear the donor countries, and I do not know what the donor's countermeasure is.
He spoke with his eloquence, openness and frankness about the sinking and the transformation faced by countries dependent on commodities.
The above Guidelines are intended to provide a normative and coherent risk assessment framework that will enable the Government to offset risk reduction changes by differences in the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes the need for special efforts to protect these habitats from the other important implications of human activities that are free from destruction, degradation, pollution and the health and viability of fishery resources.
The flag State's control of its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the comprehensive news material issued by the Energy and Transport Division of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be mandated to deal with issues that needed to be clarified in advance.
The Committee recommended that the regional follow-up of ESCAP should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish information exchange and networks for policy and exchange of experience; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The secretariat has revised the country database annually on the basis of the three criteria used in the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and integrate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “Administrative arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII thereof: “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for development in Africa.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposal to halt some of the outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where there might be duplication of work.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure consistency in its policies.
Table 24.13
Revise the paragraph to read: “(c) Support the implementation of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, taking into account, inter alia, the strengthening of the knowledge base for sustainable development; technology transfer, more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in the implementation of sustainable development; and use of contemporary methods of data collection and dissemination, including greater use of information technology, in the context of the thematic clusters in the multi-year work programme of Agenda 21 and the Commission on Sustainable Development”.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be too demanding and should be treated with caution.
In addition to the de jure recognition of the Roma in the countries of the Americas (except Colombia), social discrimination against the Roma is reported in many places, and in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia there are frequent instances of police abuse of Roma.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities.
However, it is difficult to establish international standards that adequately integrate the two measures without imposing restrictions on some States.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including those related to the strengthening of regional networks of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements for United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reaffirms its approval of the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau for 2002;2
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action and recommended areas to be given priority by the international community as a whole for the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are not mutually exclusive, but are mutually reinforcing and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
Such a record is equally important with the obligation to exercise law and to administer justice.
In accordance with the legislation in force, the representatives of the ICTY have the authority to follow suit and obtain archives of the Tribunal, and the evidence material obtained by the ICTY can also be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to act on the question of Iraq and has failed to stop the bloodshed there, and the United Nations has failed to resolve the worsening crisis in the Middle East in half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations forced us to give serious consideration to the recommendations of the debate.
It was asked how can we support prevention efforts, such as in such places?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach requires the expansion of such functions and processes that need to be considered in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to further contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit, in accordance with the modalities for participation established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the issue of exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the context of judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and the writings of jurists.
According to the theory of the right to a remedy, the injured alien only needs to exhaust the remedies arising from the right and which may lead to binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to retain the tickets currently being used for attendance at the General Assembly but not to be used, for the benefit of delegations from the least developed countries to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, on the basis of the principle of the priority;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that the alternative wording, as explained in the footnote, was intended to address the various ways in which the concessionaire might have access to the right of abode through studies conducted in many national legislation.
Before the twenty-fifth instalment claims were submitted to the Panel, the secretariat of the Commission undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of responses were received, none of the responses met the above-mentioned criteria.
Contribution at the national level to development effectiveness
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits”, a regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The review was mandated by the General Assembly and the approach taken by OIOS to the mandate focused on a number of administrative areas where the Organization's production could be improved by streamlining.
The States of the Council reaffirmed their determination to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The Bill deals with the following matters:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council raised other tasks with the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group could contribute to raising awareness about the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between that issue and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
Despite the opportunity, the fifth category of parties did not respond to the Panel's report.
Unless a regional solution is found, none of the above recommendations can be implemented on a long-term basis.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that family-related provisions in the outcomes of the United Nations summits and world conferences and their follow-up processes in the 1990s continue to provide policy guidance on ways to strengthen family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of an integrated comprehensive approach to development,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the late issuance of those reports and reports on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee that the status of contributions to the Humanitarian Coordination Board in 1998 was not clear.
If so, please provide the Committee with such information and similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide reasons, amounts unfrozen or released and dates.
In our banking and financial system, other legal entities or natural persons ( notaries, lawyers or financial administrators) are not authorized to carry out any kind of financial activity.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a systematic long-term policy that is well known to the occupying Power and its subordinate local administration, that is, to deny support for the reunification of Cyprus without the occupying forces and those Turkish Cypriots who are part of the European Union.
It is also designed on different scales to combine the environmental and social aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) to the extent possible to include potential new knowledge areas relevant to the subject of development in the context of capacity development efforts; and (b) to introduce flexibility in the design of operations to enable adaptation to new topics or new models where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference meant that the international community was committed to reorienting the WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should be actively involved in the decision-making process to sanction a Member State and should follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, which create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hamper the pace of economic and social development in the affected countries.
The Committee enquired about the lack of baseline data for measuring performance in three bienniums and why there were no proposed outputs to be terminated.
Several factors have contributed to this change.
(t) “Private personnel” shall mean any entity, organization, enterprise or private legal person other than the unit in which the functions of a public official are performed, a performing person, a manager or official;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of its legal system:
(c) In the context of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may, in its opinion, provide assistance to the extent of its discretion, irrespective of whether the conduct constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or judicial proceedings to which the request relates, as well as the names and functions of the authority conducting such investigations, prosecutions or judicial proceedings;
States Parties shall [implemented] [take] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out during an appropriate period of time.
During the second reading of the draft text at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that it was also important to ensure that existing regional mechanisms were taken into account and to avoid unnecessary duplication as far as possible.
Emission growth in all sectors is projected for the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with the “measures” scenario), except for waste management.
Note: Note on national codes, please refer to the annex.
These rates include the remuneration of lawyers and office costs.
One of the last three of the retention of the lump sum could be used to cover the increased monthly instalments if the trial period was long than originally scheduled.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization recognized as terrorism was cleared, its assets were confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 Ministers for Foreign Affairs have expressed support for the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Issues related to forest-related definitions
The process of preparing the report shows that, while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad because of its good practical and cost-effective nature, most of those engaged in cooperative practices have not been guided by institutional policies.
Many Governments have given up the idea of a sense of command prevailing during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs have expressed political conflict and lack of financial resources as major obstacles to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
UNDP field staff networks have been expanded and are working with key partners to utilize these resources to provide advisory services to programme member States.
To deal successfully with terrorism, work needs to be focused on three main counter-terrorism areas: first, denying terrorists access to terrorist activities (e.g. preventing the financing of terrorist activities, suppressing the forgery of documents, and failing to supply weapons); second, denying harbouring terrorists and ensuring the prosecution and/or extradition of terrorists (e.g. speeding up the conclusion of counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying entry of terrorists and strengthening of law enforcement agencies, etc.).
The development dimension must be an integral part of IIAs to support national policies to attract and benefit more FDI.
Non-governmental organizations conducted a national photo exhibition to improve women's image and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on training in literacy and on the placement of girls in schools through the reduction of teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the separation wall was a unilateral initiative and was not in line with the road map, which made it more difficult to create a viable and contiguous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first and second resumed)
In Amman, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (co-author).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, in response to the notes by the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, I have the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that Mr. Peter Lolfo, Acting Director of Finance (Office of the British Court) is a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome.
Resident partners, Lilongweber Libb Bluefin International Accounting Company, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance in this regard;
For example, the three countries with the highest levels of port openness to the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack adequate funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Vice-President
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 had been submitted by Ms. Kronenberg-Mossberg (Sweden), Vice-Chairman of the Committee, on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off should be permitted to determine the net risk exposure, irrespective of whether the termination of those contracts took place before or after the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
In response to the interest expressed by the Chief Prosecutor in some of the preliminary investigations carried out by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including through swift action, where necessary, to address staff complaints;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists who are charged with treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action on the observance of human rights as an important element in the management of migration flows, the consolidation of democracy and the realization of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the implementation of all its members on the implementation of the present resolution, in particular the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms and light weapons referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several country teams took part in some of the specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the HIV/AIDS debate and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals debate.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman also held several consultations and several meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link between these requests and the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals were able to violate the prohibition because they had a multinational nationality or a residence permit from other States.
The evaluation identified a number of weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to make recommendations on how to address the issue of the amounts owed to Member States by closed peacekeeping missions with net cash deficits for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, based on the input of the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has consolidated a draft that, after its consideration of the draft, may lead to a consensus on a universal regime,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore crucial that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify those acts of terrorism that are the result of fanaticism or criminal intent that is a cure and which are the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbez, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world is at greater risk, that principle is of greater importance.
How do we do that?
However, there are problems that cannot be brought to the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — as you can correct our assessment — is the phenomenon of vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna said a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth transfer of the functions of the President and is of great importance in ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of land law; inadequate forestry and agricultural concessions for the effective protection of the poor; compensation for those displaced by road construction projects; and the movement of children and the poor on the streets of Phnom Penh.
This fact, combined with the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the transition from emergency relief to prevention needs.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment for the remainder of their sentence (18 May 1995).
The above-mentioned acts, which resulted in the death of a person or other significant consequences, shall be punishable by a term of imprisonment of 10 to 25 years.
The conduct referred to above, if:
A/58/7/Add.13; for the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What did the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) tell us?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process — can we achieve some progress in that cooperation, but it is far from reaching the level of “conditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from the point of view of jurisprudence?
The third type of disease - aggravated neglected diseases - has gained little research and development in rich countries, and there is essentially no commercial basis for research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Advocacy and dissemination of the Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Aid Resources, which has been developed centrally by the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
A question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with the existing practice of using certain types of transport documents, such as the “shipping” bill and the “shelter” bill.
A general comment was made that the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument had consistently used the term “transport document or electronic record” at the beginning and end, with the aim of highlighting the distinction between transport documents and electronic records rather than focusing on the content of the documents, as intended by the Working Group's mandate.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to subparagraph 2.2.2 and with respect to subparagraph 2.2.1, the text of the draft article should indicate what liability was for the sole holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions, such as those that were not specifically identified as to how to calculate compensation and damage (see paras. 258 and 264-267, respectively).
The Permanent and Observer Missions are reminded that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 a.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and that the vehicle will be reopened on Monday, 22 September 2003, at 4 p.m.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the growing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and highlight the need to coordinate the efforts of international agencies operating in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with civil aviation organizations on further methodological work to improve the quality of data reporting and support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities have called for all airlift to take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support the reporting of animal diseases and animal vaccination;
The Department's brochure entitled “United Nations and decolonization” was prepared in 2001 by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs, in response to numerous queries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories whose problems were concentrated mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee in 1996, the options for the future status of the Territories and the assistance available to the Territory.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had been broadcast by the local television station, as well as the parliamentary debate under the press release.
According to this provision of Swiss law, there is a full reason to freeze assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act is changed, the EVA system will be revised immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to help them implement the measures set out in the relevant United Nations resolutions is currently being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In accordance with the requests of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292 for the further strengthening of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposals for strengthening the regular budget component of the Office will be reflected in section 29G, Administration, Nairobi, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and graphics, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the overall success or failure of Monterrey depends fundamentally on a larger vision of global partnership.
At present, we must work to reflect the spirit of partnership between the poor and the rich countries that we saw in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility, undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international business documentary evidence, international trade to the stability of the country.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law can play a unique role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred upon it by the jurisdiction of arbitral proceedings.
The Internet and computer technology not only increased the use of traditional crime (e.g., identity theft, intellectual property rights violations, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also increased threats to business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communications).
• Ensuring free access to outer space through measures that are equally applicable to all parties, while at the same time avoiding the release of debris;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are at the root of a source of profound disappointment and a cause for new conflicts, and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without correcting the growing international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that, pending the total elimination of nuclear weapons, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should strive, as a matter of priority, to seek a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government fully opposed the conditionality and pretext of those issues, and imposed restrictions on the access of developing countries to markets or on the provision of assistance and technology to developing countries or their linkages with multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also taken similar measures against stockbroker companies.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restricted ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, an independent court or tribunal should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees should be provided for minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure the enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant by all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Some $6.5 million will be used for civilian staff training and approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines set out in the circular and report to the Bank of Thailand on their actions.
Addressing violence against women is a critical component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) Undertake campaigns and involve the media and eminent persons to serve as a good example for men to increase the participation of men in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has contributed to the development of a national population policy and the updating of census data, which are critical for better understanding socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
At the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator; and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, head of the World Bank Mission in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 regulating the Financial Regulations;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 addressed to you by Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed support for this and facilitated development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
For the first time, the implementation of the UNCCD was discussed among all affected European Parties.
In parallel with the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002 to produce an analysis of the needs and proposals for regional cooperation in each Annex IV country and to identify further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted Ambassador Amorim's recommendation to address unresolved disarmament reduction in the context of enhanced monitoring and verification mechanisms.
Some representatives praised the comprehensive and comprehensive nature of the report of the Executive Director and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is also a major factor and a prerequisite for guaranteeing information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI) for an initial period of six months, with the mandate to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include in the Mission a military component in line with the actions of the French and ECOWAS forces in accordance with the option (b) proposed in the report of the Secretary-General;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), parties to the conflict that recruit or use children in violation of their applicable international obligations immediately cease the recruitment or use of children;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, in his letter to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi A.
“In reading the report of the annual session of 2001, I am fraught with a paradox.
Children continue to be the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from RUF to allow for humanitarian access and the release of abducted children and child soldiers, while the Civil Defence Force has also made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize child soldiers.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “era of application” and called for specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraqi territory, difficult times have passed.
As far as Japan is concerned, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations carries out the primary responsibility entrusted to it so that ways of meeting the challenges facing the international community can be found.
It is not a matter for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Governing Council determined that the claimant who filed a claim with the Commission had the responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss “the total amount of loss to be compensable would be less the loss that might reasonably be avoided”.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements for military, civilian police and civilian personnel and in the procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, since poor families often do not have equal access to education or, in some cases, have no opportunities at all.
If migrants fail to meet their time requirements, social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration has eroded the inter-generational support of indigenous peoples over the years and has cut off relations with traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the elderly, who are physically weak, are considered particularly vulnerable to abandonment, many of whom, after leaving the labour market, quickly disrupted their families and lost material support.
Such a legal framework often does not protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as indigenous peoples emphasize their common ownership of all their resources.
The inconsistency between development policies and international cooperation is striking.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Considering:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of claim preparation costs at a future stage.
/ In one claim, the amount claimed is due to the amount of the goods shipped to Iraq on the basis of a sales contract with agents in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1(1.1) report, paragraphs 94-96).
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you, with reference to the International Court of Justice ruling on the question of Honduras-El Salvador, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Appointment by the Organization of American States of technical experts to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border” (see annex).
UNHCR assists refugees, especially women and female-headed households in obtaining adequate housing, which forms a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/whehm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development that balance South-North interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and in developing national trade policies.
The circumstances of the application of the above-mentioned provisions are to take into account the complexity and details of the request in each particular case, and if the established time limit is not met, a schedule will be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partner in American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security fence brings serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being constructed and that existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cambach Miguen (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to note that it joined the consensus to adopt draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but that this does not mean that my country endorses — by borrowing the language of the draft resolution — the use of the various concepts of operative paragraph 12, such as the “culture of protection”, which we have not been properly discussed within the framework of the work of the Organization, which may distort the principles of General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991, as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as the United Nations Security Council resolution.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (para. 45 of the report) provides a breakdown of income increases of $13.2 million.
But the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten by economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the outcome of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which is the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of terrorist acts committed by extremist groups or individuals, regardless of their gravity, powerful States should not exercise their inherent legitimate right to self-defence unilaterally unleash potentially global and unpredictable wars, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
It is only counterproductive to evade the most important issue of defining the meaning of this law.
In the recent national elections, a Government-funded campaign encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the national poverty reduction strategy paper is a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goals report.
As a result of its participation in the chemical precursors project of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission, the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) legal advisers were assisted in the development of the new draft legislation.
In this context, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded after-service health insurance reserve.
The meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment reports, as well as a summary of the incomplete reports, an overview of the Caribbean region's achievements in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
It was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the fields of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
Measures already exist in the region to address law enforcement issues at the Forum level in the South Pacific.
The objective should be to develop management mechanisms as exploration activities take place, with a better understanding of the resources involved and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
During the period since May 2002, there has been a general and regional picture of the progress made in the follow-up to the special session on children; highlights the actions that have been taken in the four main target areas; and calls for further efforts to “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to Governments, NGOs and civil society organizations in the region urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition within the international community of the adverse effects of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRSG International Rubber Study Group
Emphasizing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the appalling terrorist acts of 11 September 2001, in which it also condemned the appalling acts of terrorism in Bamri and Moscow, and called for urgent appeals for international cooperation to prevent and eradicate terrorist acts, and Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombings in Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
It was decided to allocate to the Fifth Committee the items proposed for consideration by the Fifth Committee in the Secretary-General's memorandum.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnologies can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It is meaningless to expect that the issue of financial sovereignty in the Cayman Islands will be resolved during these two visits.
The involvement of all nuclear-weapon States, as appropriate, in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves become actors of a means of participating in planning and decision-making at all stages.
It will examine the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the Convention's additional document, as well as the cooperation work programme on the voluntary promotion of the “special agreement” countries.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who are reasonably believed to be a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for a particular serious offence.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that the education of their children is in the interest of:
In many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in the territory of the former Soviet Union, in the territory of the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America and in several parts of South America.
S-19/2 Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on integrated primary health care and referral systems.
In addition, new initiatives are being undertaken in the field of health.
At the policy level, for example, only 4.02 per cent of senior women executives (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (table 5).
In the lower secondary school age group (11 to 13 years), the net enrolment rate for girls dropped to 26.2 per cent, to 36.5 per cent for boys, indicating that more than two thirds of children in the age group were denied access to education.
Mainstreaming Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with security reference to promotion and employment in administrative services, Kathmandu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloody conflict and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel remains unaware that the road to peace depends on the implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab-Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue in the country, all of which have so far remained inactive as a result of Israel's contempt for international law.
We will not, too, re-orient our policies as a result of threats.
The efforts of the United Nations to stabilize, democratize and rebuild Iraq have our full support, and I also commend the United Nations staff for their courageous and selfless work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through the objective and reasonable implementation of a programme, not through artillery or jet fighter jets, nor should it destroy the hateful regime through the mobilization of large armies.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council called upon all States members of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the voluntary trust fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to stress the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184), which clearly warning us that, despite the measures taken so far by States, these measures are not sufficient to prevent the negative impact of the pandemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
The progress report of the Voorburg Group on Services Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper) is also being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative is a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In his written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi referred to Burundi's inability to pay its arrears to the United Nations as a result of the terrible socio-economic situation in the country caused by the intense war that had been taking place there since 1993.
In its written and oral representations, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly as a result of earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to actively work in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution will not add a new budget.
3.3 Innovative ways of mobilizing resources for TCDC and OECD (including from developing country Governments, donors and other sources under triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and plans of action and strengthen child-related governmental institutions, including, where appropriate, the appointment of ministers responsible for children and independent commissioners for the promotion of children's rights;
See resolution 55/2.
It was said that it would help to avoid a problem that was more obvious as a result of electronic commerce, which was an important goal of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the proposal on the wording of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which brings additional benefits to many countries that are deepening their commitment to NEPAD values and practices.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as the project of connectivity, to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of the better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC has placed greater emphasis on programme performance assessment, which will ensure that the Organization moves in the right direction and enhance the oversight role of Member States in this regard.
We do not see progress, but see it as a departure from a peaceful settlement and a reversal of the negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each of the words of the plan is determined by a combination of careful, careful and comprehensive weighing.
This will allow for the re-establishment of a predictable and unrestricted business environment that has had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Islands Weekly Journal, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, for their tireless work in peace and peace with Africa in the world, and to do everything possible to provide their personal and support to the Organization in order to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols relating to terrorism is in its final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service
Noting that, despite the progress made, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, to submit a full report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in the addendum all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with interested Governments, to convene a further consultative meeting of all interested Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council to complete the finalization of the “Basic principles and guidelines on the right to reparation for victims of gross violations of human rights and international humanitarian law” and, where appropriate, to consider options for the adoption of those principles and guidelines;
Notes with satisfaction that the progress achieved in building a democratic society in many countries of the world has improved the realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights in these countries;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner, in response to the request of the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, to organize, before the sixty-first session of the Commission, a joint seminar with the United Nations Development Programme on practical ways and activities for the effective strengthening of good governance practices for the promotion of human rights at the national level and to examine and enrich information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of Commission resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, for achieving sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development for all;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction at the relative peace and stability of the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite the difficulties faced, and at the availability of basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations resulting from the circulation and misuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/27, 2003/27, 2003/27, 2003/27, 2003/27, 2003/28, 2003/299, 2003/44
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 231
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 226
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and the beneficial development of the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Reimbursement of pre-deployment medical expenses under the current methodology will be maintained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
Consequently, the Committee expects considerable savings during the period.
Nevertheless, this remains a time of great opportunity for the international community to identify at the Johannesburg World Summit a comprehensive issue of sustainability; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has shown a new and dynamic direction for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise, within their existing resources, for the implementation of the regional seas programmes;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in the provision of financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of their Governments towards the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights by all and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission on the activities carried out under his mandate and a midterm report to the General Assembly;
Explanatory note: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; regional commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC: United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations-UN-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; and UNU: United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, as set out in paragraph 15 of the Final Document of 2000, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency throughout the NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility to believe that UNRWA should continue to provide services to them until their situation was resolved.
Replace the words “55.6” with the words “55.0”.
The Supreme Council of War opened its session in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003, acquitted six persons, in addition to maintaining the life-long prison sentence imposed on one accused and the six-month period of detention for another accused.
There are provisions for the protection of children in labour legislation.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with an increasing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandates and OHCHR field office personnel to improve the flow of information on disappearances, drawing on their unique position on the ground.
During the reporting period, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send a reminder letter on 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
It is alleged that the case of disappearance is linked to the wide powers conferred upon the security forces under the emergency legislation, in particular the Terrorist and Disruptive Action Act and the Public Security Act, which permits preventive detention and prolonged detention without many other normal guarantees provided for in the criminal code.
The Bureau planned to discuss the matter in the near future in order to seek the best course of action to address the issues raised by you.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that the members and associate members will have resources to implement the recommendations and to focus on data development to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to provide ESCAP with adequate extrabudgetary resources to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meeting to review the regional implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The same is true of the law on inheritance, marriage and donations.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have the obligation to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and that they, as States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,2 the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Framework for reform
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the European Social Charter (as amended in 1996) and the Additional Protocol to the Charter in 1995 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the area of public agriculture.
Until the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, there will be no real partnership with Governments to advance the goals of education.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State party should not deprive another State of its ability to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In line with that objective, in 1998 the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (now attached to the letter for your information), which should serve as a frame of reference for the adoption of a plan for the adoption of the International Code of Conduct on the Right to Adequate Food.
Many of these mandates have created linkages between human rights and development, including those on education, food, housing, health, environmental protection rights and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights film campaign was completed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Organization of a symposium at the International Training Division in Tortup, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and ensure that perpetrators of human rights violations and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the core of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies and international and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies and relevant regional organizations and agencies and non-governmental organizations, and to contribute, upon request, to the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba had repeatedly voiced its dissatisfaction in various forums about the lack of progress in the implementation of that provision, and it believed that the nuclear-weapon States had the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Poor Countries Cry Foul Over New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like its partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Air Navigation Fair (IAA) to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and records, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received indicates that there is no impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide, which have been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, there were 415,000 people in Spain in 2001, 68 per cent of whom were women and almost 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax reduction factor for the purchase of a percentage of the salary income required for the first year of the purchase and at the cost of the disclosure.
More than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations have also been destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and women of different ages, including young and elderly women, will focus on networking, exchange of information, knowledge-sharing and formation of coalitions between countries and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peacea, which will continue to be a high priority for the further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting the human rights of women.
If so, they can resort only to domestic law with a view to continuing to seek their interests or to obtain redress.
“It is fundamentally difficult to state that a State can take a decision completely and freely on the question of who is the property brought into its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Viča in the Barcelona Traction case (Preliminary Objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Anti-Corruption and Integrity Initiative in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee were of the view that there was no need to incorporate the definition of “public international organizations”, since the term had a clear interpretation in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that it would be better to use mandatory language.
Discussions were also initiated on the concept contained in the last paragraph.
No comments on this article were made during the second reading of the draft text at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, there is still a need to maintain adequate national policy space to achieve development goals.
The report of the Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting on the nineteenth session of the Group of Experts was submitted.
“Report on activities of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/OD/DOC/03/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to the decrease in official travel and the lack of training, as the Department of Peacekeeping Operations staff travel to the Mission to address administrative and technical issues and the low number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of an extrapolation of the matter, the Committee has not been asked to decide whether Mr. A's expulsion from Sweden is in breach of its obligations under article 3 or any other provision of the Convention, and to decide whether he has been subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups on 18 March 2003 paved the way for the meeting of the Ituri meeting held from 4 to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Identify, as appropriate, the knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures.
Therefore, thanks to Venezuela's endorsement of the harmful effects of the illicit trade in diamonds perceived by many countries that contribute to armed conflict and delay and impede efforts towards peace and security in countries directly affected, my country is deeply pleased to achieve international efforts aimed at peace.
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre, 1999-2001.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Election Supervision.
• Offences of abortion, Senda Press
One of the objectives of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, it was announced that January was the Counter-Narcotics Information Day.
“Objective 2004-2005: percentage and level of rapid deployment or stand-by list to meet deployment requirements for all personnel using the standby system”
As for multilateral treaties, the European Extradition Treaty (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described as a way of doing something between language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and representatives of civil society allowed for a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and adoption of targeted sanctions, as a reference point for the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on arms embargoes and travel bans.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some aspects.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of humanity remained under colonial domination, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by vote, which became the foundation for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In the broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some people and their victims of racist persecution and the impact of racism on their own development, but also to community development, as a result of racist and racist systems, where communities are repeatedly frustrated because they have no chance to take some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as the situation in Haiti has shown in many respects, but that the international community is helping to celebrate the legacy of the past.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government informed that Mazahi Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Court has also been established to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Bata of Tuvalu as Special Envoy to the Great Lakes region.
It is therefore vital that the international community actively support the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all peacebuilding and development processes.
We want to take many initiatives.
UNHCR reiterated its emphasis on the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly recalled the reasons for such complementarity and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with NGOs.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides and proposed a direct meeting.
Furthermore, following the opening statement by Mr. Clerides, it was possible to propose the following ways: not only to make the Treaty of Guarantee effective, but also to make the Treaty subject to the appropriate detailed amendments to it, but also to the new format established by the Agreement on Establishment and the Constitution applicable to the Federal Republic of Cyprus, in addition to the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
Framework Convention on Climate Change
(c) If the chemical incineration of aerosol agents is less than 20 kige/k, there is no point in the fire-point test, a closed-space-point fire test referred to in subsection 31.5 of this manual shall be conducted;
An effective capacity-building mechanism is part of a flexible programming approach that takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing objectives under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this serious escalation of Israeli action, which could lead to a dramatic transformation of the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa has asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the debate in Parliament in March 2000 and October 2002, it was officially decided that Azar and Abkhazia were the autonomous Republic of Georgia and that the Constitution was amended accordingly.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for efforts to organize and monitor a referendum for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara, in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to the requests of the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries so as to enable him to discharge his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, steadily synchronizing programming cycles and streamlining and coordinating procedures, establishing United Nations Houses in many countries, progressively implementing results management and budget, establishing the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and working together to build effective means of collaboration, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (CCA) and their relationship with poverty reduction strategy papers in a growing number of countries, in order to achieve a goal of strengthening the coherence, coherence, effectiveness of the United Nations development cooperation between the United Nations development efforts of the United Nations.
Voluntary contributions are made to individual organizations on the basis of their specific operational, mission and profile.
• Central government expenditure by category and purpose as a percentage of all expenditures of central government
Furthermore, in order to promote the wider reading of the population, a standardized version of the Principles is being prepared, for example, with the support of international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia and with the support of Indonesian-speaking organizations.
12 noon Press release by the Spokesman
They indicate that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do help to mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve their approach, for example through the consolidated appeals process, to address forgotten crises more effectively.
There is a degree of uncertainty about the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) Such a request is made by the Economic and Social Council.
However, the suspension was lifted five days after the outbreak of intense debate within Burundian society.
They are the victims of numerous violent incidents perpetrated by regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that shows that people are awakened and hope, with the help of the justice system, to overcome the fear that military personnel have brought to them.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that are accredited to be able to carry out laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacology and biology and can be consulted in their national territory;
Welcomes the establishment by the Association of Journalists to the United Nations of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters to report on the activities of the General Assembly and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it can increase the number of scholarships for such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing together them as partners of youth, to identify and formally present a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partner — to prevent HIV infection in youth.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the lead in the development of the draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (as contained in document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to be considered at the current session, but that no final decision was required.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of the English, French and Spanish language in decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties on whose relevant web pages had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat was not a formal United Nations text for that decision, on which the Conference of the Parties had published the Amendment of the embargo.
Further information is available on the following Web site: Firstapgef@.unep.org ( clicking on “noard”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be applied for careful accountability and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 21)
No documents were submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further confirms that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system of the Secretariat are responsible for providing content, while the Department's responsibility is to coordinate, improve, express and disseminate it in close cooperation with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 on money-laundering in the States members of the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular attention to the options of self-determination available to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Erea (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” when responding to the first questions raised by the members, and asked whether there was a third sex or whether the Special Rapporteur here referred only to the sexual orientation of individuals.
Accordingly, if a member State has requested interpretation of the language or language in the other language, the delegation concerned would have to bear the related costs.
WFP provided that basic knowledge of English was necessary in all cases, while UNFPA provided that English was a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services worldwide, as well as field office information services, produces original print products in various local languages.
A. Arabic; Chinese; English; French; German: Chinese; English; Chinese; English; French; German; English; English; Russian; Spanish; English; Spanish; Spanish; English; Portuguese; Portuguese: Portuguese; Russian; Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and freight and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approval of the medium-term plan as a projected framework for 2003-2006 (see summary in document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7 table 4), including the preparation of up to $151 million in regular resources programme expenditures, to be submitted to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 The network of field offices that are primarily responsible for the promotion of technical cooperation, funded through extrabudgetary resources, has contributed significantly to dialogue with Governments to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends the strengthening of effective measures to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that unequal access to the labour market and that women are generally limited to work in the agricultural and informal sectors, so that their income and wages are low.
She said that a number of major actions had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and promulgation of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act of 2002, the development of comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programmes in cooperation with stakeholders and the provision of affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee appreciates the efforts of the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but is also gravely concerned that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of their lives.
However, it is difficult to determine the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure the full dissemination and training of law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public on all forms of violence against women and girls.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government towards social development.
Slovakia's legislation on the export of arms and military goods is contained in Act No. 179/1998 on transactions in military goods, as amended.
These general propositions are contained in annex I, “Overview of General Claims” (Overview), which is part of the present report and should be read together with the present report.
With respect to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and shipping certificates, but did not provide certificates of arrival.
Incisa, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machinery is 28.65 per cent of the insurance policy “the value of purchasing”.
(b) The Northth Refugee Project Contract of the SCOP: Reservation bond cost (claim No. 5)
The claim refers to the alleged costs of evacuation of employees and their dependants from Iraq, including travel and communications costs.
Accordingly, the Panel has considered the total amount of USD 38,234,073 for contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, financial losses, other losses and interest.
If the claim is found not to provide these specific items or to have no supporting statements of claim, the claimant is notified of such defects and has been requested to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“the article 15 notification”).
First, in order to prepare for the receipt of the bond, a security arrangement is required for the principal of the bond subject.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a top priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating the seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting a comprehensive approach to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity to discuss in detail ways to improve financing for operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globalceans/index.htm1#forum).
Convinced that, regardless of the manner in which mercenaries or mercenary-related activities may be used or that they take the form of seeking to acquire a semblance of legitimacy, they are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders are valid until 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue to work to implement the recommendations made in the report of the Commission on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible is to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place them under the control of the Commission rather than outside the Commission.
We are confident that the appointment of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address the specific issues raised in the cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely only to legitimize political figures who have acquired existing power by force through a ballot box.
UNIFEM's work in this area increased significantly during the previous strategic and operational plan, 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework set out below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programming options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the re-emergence of the RUF rebellion, concerns about the ability of the Army of the Republic of Sierra Leone to preserve its territorial integrity have been difficult to overcome.
Owing to the difficulty of implementing the ECOWAS moratorium on the trade in small arms in West Africa in Liberia, the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the moratorium in Liberia.
He was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for a period of three days, on the understanding that he would submit his passport to the airport authorities for storage.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can improve in this regard, but it does, in its operative part, call for the cessation of all terrorist acts.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the right to work in the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work was difficult to implement in the absence of an economic level and a lack of social democracy in practice.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of acetic anhydride were incorrect: the probability of success increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that greater errors must be recorded, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the life span.
These measures must be applied by all interested parties.
It was also considered that there was an overall trend in the geostationary market that satellite operators moved from the operational area of the geostationary orbit after the end of their useful life.
Adoption of the report of the Meeting
In UNCTAD, a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to technical cooperation and capacity development in UNCTAD's areas of expertise will be pursued through enhanced interdivisional cooperation.
Any regional office or sub-office that the World Tourism Organization may establish should work closely with the regional offices or sub-offices established or possibly established by the United Nations, in particular those of the regional commissions and resident coordinator offices.
In view of the above, it is estimated that the general contribution for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $7,578,000 and the general contribution of $1,808,000 for the management of United Nations property at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001.
As a result, the number of potential users of the Official Document System will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on measures taken and progress made in the enjoyment of all rights, as well as on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Regrettably, the delay has been very serious since the establishment of the Committee.
The State policy in this regard should be clearly spelled out in the direction of the regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f At its seventy-sixth session, the Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname in the absence of a report and the presence of a delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Relief Coordination (UNDAC) system promoted several aspects of coordinated humanitarian relief.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries committed themselves to adopting policies to lay the people-centred road to development aimed at ensuring the creation of the necessary environment in their countries for the eradication of poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
Significant commitments were made in the light of the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and clean sanitation, and modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to quickly complete the delimitation of their common borders.
In particular, concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected Afro-descendants and indigenous communities; participants called upon international and national organizations working to address the crisis to pay special attention to the issue.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express to your predecessor, Ambassador Matia Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, my delegation's appreciation for the excellent work done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to shorten our statements and distribute the long version of the national statement.
Mr. Chebani (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you elected to the First Committee, the Chairman of the Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Emphasizing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, to assess the role of existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify areas where additional international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in the task of preparing complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, to the extent consistent with the fundamental principles of its legal system, consider establishing procedures whereby persons found guilty of the offences covered by this Convention may be disqualified, through a court order or any other appropriate means, within a period of time determined by its domestic law, from the following functions:
In the absence of such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be agreed upon on a case-by-case basis.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States has hardly changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) on the adequacy of global observing systems for climate, immediately following the adjournment of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the liberation of peoples remain a sacred duty.
It needs to be approached by all parties and the international community to help it grow up.
First, while there is a strong normative framework on landmines, instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
In general, military peacekeeping forces did not carry out large-scale investigations, marking or mine action.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of binding international instruments governing unexploded ordnance and landmines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promoting the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach that identifies the importance of regional approaches to address the problem of the uncontrolled spread of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in the area of human resources development in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national awareness-raising campaigns for urban poor partners, supporting non-governmental organizations, governments at all levels, as well as sub-partners, such as the National Association of Professionals, non-governmental organizations, local governments, etc., and a National Information Campaign Committee has been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal and a regional commission in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting of 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council established, in accordance with the provisions of operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution of the Council, the Committee of Permanent Representatives, as an intersessional subsidiary body of the Council, to enter into force immediately.
We will betray our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa awaits a multidimensional response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (148) as at 1 December 2003
Negative security assurances are that the nuclear-weapon States undertake not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts cannot operate, and most of the infrastructure is destroyed or plundered.
Training on the concept of integrated logistics will also be provided to the personnel concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The electorate who did not have a permanent residence registration certificate at the date of the election was entitled to vote in the local government administrative jurisdictions where its final registered residence was located.
Similarly, women have access to special education courses and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education in the development of common practical labour skills for students with physical or mental development and special needs and education with a professional nature.
The current model of social security is based on the fact that the payment of social taxes is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
Under the Social Security Act, persons who have lived in the Republic of Latvia for the past 12 months have the right to receive the State social security allowance for persons with disabilities who have a total number not less than 60 months (nationals of Latvia with personal status code, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons with the exception of persons with temporary residence permits).
At present, the amount of the State allowance provided by Latvia for the children born prior to 1 January 1999 is that of Latvia's first, 4.25 Latvia, the second, 5.10 Latvia, or 1.2 times higher, the third, 6.80 Latvia, or 1.6 times higher, and the fourth and subsequent births, 7.65 Latviaat or 1.8 times higher.
Disarmament remains key to advancing progress in the peace process in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this project that was dispatched last year.
The conditions of validity applicable to general legal conduct, which relate to the legitimacy of the object of the treaty law, are fully applicable to generally recognized conduct, in particular the recognition of the State.
In particular, the question was whether the author State could modify, suspend or withdraw the act unilaterally.
Parties referred to the differences and difficulties associated with the assessment of or possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation measures.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve their procurement measures, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors already registered with another body of the United Nations system, inter alia, by using the Internet and by publishing their procurement information on their respective websites;
I will return to this issue later.
My delegation therefore wishes to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive impact to contribute to the achievement of that goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process under way in other countries in the Great Lakes region has also progressed.
However, no situation will prevent this new Great Lakes Economic Community from expanding to other countries such as Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that much progress has been made in the negotiation of a draft resolution dealing with that concern.
In the area of health and sustainable development, the plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing low-cost energy to rural communities, particularly by reducing dependence on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote the rights of rural women in access to resources (especially land), heritage and financial services and benefits.
A number of Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women at the policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism shall be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, the debate was further developed in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects that the visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the self-government arrangements can be carried out with full caution.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on the issues of great importance to Australia and to the countries of the Pacific Islands Forum, as my colleague from Fiji said.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to assist in these efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has suffered from the devastating consequences of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons, whose damage to society is visible in the Solomon Islands, a neighbouring country of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the Transition Group is a complement to our ongoing commitment to other assistance to the people of Bougainville; this assistance is channelled through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more should be done.
“People!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased our non-formal, adult and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address, in updating the workload standards, the question of the level of quantity of documents translated from self-revision in order to ensure the quality of translation of all official languages;
In response to a number of specific questions, he said that the issue of the movement of natural persons was being addressed through requests and approval procedures for services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In defiance of the repeated calls by the United Nations and the international community for an end to violations and acts of aggression, and in defiance of Lebanon's repeated warnings of the dangers and consequences of such actions, these actions continue, in many cases in deep-rooted Lebanese territory, terrorizing and tormenting Lebanese civilians and causing material damage.
Palau
His Excellency Mr. Kate Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen future monitoring and reporting capacity for the implementation of socio-economic commitments contained in the Peace Agreement.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to transnational criminal networks, and the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in the list.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations to that end, in particular those relating to the establishment of the Assistance Fund and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The organization successfully held 10 regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Almost 1,000 people from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and views among various stakeholders in the field of ecotourism, particularly those who had not been able to participate in the regional preparatory meetings that had been held.
* Reissued for technical reasons.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the issues.
The UNICEF Office for Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized national resources to provide the basis for further development in more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for new missions with rapid equipment, this area has made remarkable progress.
The following background information is also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was crucial to insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on those issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidatures
However, his delegation was of the view that the decision on whether to retain or delete the attached footnote should be taken in the context of the discussion in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy prepared to implement the commitments undertaken at thessaloniki for delegations to attend.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
In his post-election address, the President of the ninth session expressed thanks to the Parties for their confidence and for the efforts of his predecessor, Mr. T.R. Barru, and the members of the Bureau during their service.
The Conference of the Parties is now in a position to consider the performance of these Parties in limiting and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it was emphasized that there was a broad consensus on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the systematic and integrated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events effectively identify the way forward for all of us to eradicate poverty, promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the initiatives already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system around clusters covering the priority areas of the partnership, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such processes with a view to promoting a coordinated and coherent response of the United Nations system in supporting partnerships;
If this amount is not used in the United States dollar, it is indicated in this table that, for the sake of comparison, the rate used is the rate of exchange shown in the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics vol. 454, No. 4 (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost profits in six contracts of USD 70,787, USD 6,804, USD 7,724 and USD 48,789 and USD 123,344.
In addition, where the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel has chosen the date of 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date on which the claimant lost control of the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC was requested to compensate ABB for the costs of payments or commitments made to third parties before the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes in the context of the present draft articles some of the issues mentioned in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts that have not been addressed.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model and taking into account some of the Commission's earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission may wish to take into account the following matters:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment per se and loss of profits and tourism (para. 174 (c) (13) and (14) above)
The report would therefore focus on results or outcomes and avoid highlighting the negotiating process of those instruments or the attitude of States in the course of the negotiations or in the conclusions reached.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition varied depending on the specific type of recognition.
Working methods
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the real intention of the objecting State rather than the position that the legal effects of objections to reservations, as set out in the Vienna Convention, are upheld.
Unless the treaty otherwise provides or otherwise enters into an agreement, the withdrawal of a reservation becomes effective only when a State Party or a contracting organization receives notification of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was noted that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the issue of the creation and interrelationship of international judicial institutions.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this disagreement, see P.H.Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Paris, Pedone Press, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-22,4, and the references cited.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, held from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of the modification, suspension and revocation of unilateral acts was also examined, namely whether States could modify, suspend or revoke unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years and are the oldest prisoners of war in the world.
However, some of the officials concerned appear to be interested in restoring these services and exploring the possibility of restoring common services in the areas of recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the management of premises and facilities and conference services, which could be used for the common services at the Vienna International Centre.
A/C.5/38/87 of 7 December 1983.
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and, more importantly, more systematic in collaboration with civil society organizations in preventing conflict and building sustainable peace.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar, held in Wali, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about the cases before the territorial courts,
To that end, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this context, the Pyongyang law is suitable for the land leg of the area where soil conditions show the greatest benefit.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, the Sea WiFS has also enabled the global measurements of rich land and marine plants, thereby providing baseline measurements of the main mode of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere for optical hydrates, a key parameter in life support systems, during a period of five years.
(e) The need to coordinate all space activities at the highest level of government in order to provide scientists with spatial data in many fields of research and applications;
However, a growing number of people are increasingly breaking the silence and are more active in their actions and opposed to this policy that impedes normal relations with their families and with Cuba.
Efforts are being made to establish an exception to common law that can be established as a serious offence within that framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to combat terrorism effectively is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See the responses to paragraph 3 (a) and paragraph 2 (f).
Of the 19 finance assistants, eight are deployed to four districts (1 General Service staff, 1 United Nations Volunteer each).
Detachments in other sub-districts will consist of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, supported by two national staff.
Issues not within the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee by the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: young couples who now have half of the children born in Norway are unmarried.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially when the rapist and the victim are aware of each other as another reason for the allegations.
Article 3 483 - 500 100
This is caused by cultural patterns and the social status of women, but also by the selection of occupations with low demand in the labour market.
At the same time, the low expenditure on rural household registration (3 per cent lower than income) shows that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The ILO Convention No. 135 (1971) on Workers' Representation provides that the benefits of trade union representatives and workers' representatives should be protected in the same manner as representatives of workers, since both represent the individual and collective interests of workers who are respected by the principles of national legislation.
Data on infectious diseases in Montenegro (excluding influenza and AIDS) 1992-2001
Special publication on Disability and its Environment, Alternatives to Learning Centres and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region based on a combination of two States, Palestine and Israel.
1.2 With regard to the development of a bill that provides for the punishment of the financing or financing of terrorist acts, the adjustment of domestic legislation to bring it into line with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Specific institutions of law enforcement and defence of the State, namely, the Chilean Armed Forces and the Police (TNI), are not limited by the general subjective prohibitions referred to in point 2.
Mr. Thinning (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “Training Khmer Rouge trials”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in the early establishment of the Special Chamber.
However, in the case of a State's reciprocity of responsibility for the wrongful act of an international organization, there is no reason to avoid doing so.
* Reissued for technical reasons.
Thus, the case brought before them by the Salvadoran judges, irrespective of their rank, is independently examined.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the later reported arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, known as “illegal, politically unacceptable”, according to which the European Union would discuss which aviation measures should be applied to the Territory and which should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the human cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the area of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular for the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and support for the preparations for the elections.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support and well-developed child protection strategies are needed.
These issues pose a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It is hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social commissions will redouble their efforts in promoting the interest of youth in forest-related issues.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and give him the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, programme 8, chap. IV, sect.
I would like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
Oceans have a tremendous impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, demonstrated the usefulness of the forum, and the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, decided to make the process more than three years.
Despite the efforts made, the problems caused by pollution of the marine environment are unfortunately far from being resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are specific issues in the field of ocean practice that require continued and concerted action by the international community at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it would mark the tenth anniversary of its establishment.
According to the Office of the Attorney-General, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
Several efforts were also made to strengthen security guards at the premises (bot-proof glass, television monitors in the garage and on the roof of the garage and the upgrading of public broadcasting systems).
Conclusion
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council the items proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, as appropriate and in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, on the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has launched a dedicated web page on the United Nations website for the implementation of the Human Rights Day, which has links to resources on related issues.
National human rights institutions play a major role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and they should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Radio or television equipment, or any design or electronic means of design or alteration, owned or used by any person for the purpose of unlawful purposes, sends or receives a signal, which is punishable by a term of one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the results achieved over the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to make proposals for their reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of the sovereign equality of States as set forth in the Charter and also of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the position of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not taken action against Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as the threats and possible trends to your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations remains seized of this issue.
Taking into account the Board's findings, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of the Board's further review of issues such as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people and to create employment for them, plans of action should take fully into account the impact of ICT on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize the obligations of States parties under the various international instruments on human rights to which they are parties and must not be construed as a modification of their obligations.
Human rights defenders protested or criticized the implementation of or the adoption of laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves became the subject of security legislation in many countries.
Compared to previous national communications, the third briefing by the Parties has improved considerably with regard to the organization of information and reports on policy and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if the present letter and its annex could be circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all States members of the Conference and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert meeting on measuring e-commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to requests from mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, wherever possible, contributed to the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for the implementation of Agenda 21 and other related reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee, covering chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21.
(d) Subject to the case of appointment, the right to rule in the pre-trial proceedings in other cases.
It prepared the draft rules of procedure of the Governing Council, the terms of reference of the panel and special contractual agreements for experts serving on the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to hold substantive discussions on the issues raised in the preliminary investigations of the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
Even if a developing country has more than 10 per cent transmission rates, as in Uganda, it has been able to reverse the upward trend in transmission rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA has received from programme countries that it supports and recognizes that the mobilization of funds is a common responsibility of UNFPA and its entire membership.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/22010/Add.6-9, 13, 14, 17, 20, 24, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-45; and S/23370/Add.15, 42 and 136; and S/1994/20/Add.2, 43 and 24;
Fourthly, the military revolution is on the rise, arms are increasingly complex and the line between conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction is increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee unanimously agreed on the timetable.
This time has shown that the time frame for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people has been established, but this should be done in tandem with the political process leading to a sovereign Iraqi Government.
This may lead to inconsistent demands and other problems for enterprises, leaving enterprises poor to meet information disclosure requirements for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices, as members of the United Nations country team, can play a very important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment is used, the IPCC good practice guidance should be consulted before the IPCC Guidelines are consulted.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary one.
Upon completion of that work, we should — and I hope we can — enter the next stage of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, the process aimed at determining the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: framework for accountability for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to acquire the United Nations complex through a pre-lease agreement with the United Nations, which will be owned by the building and the building at the time of its expiration;
Environmental reports and social reports must be verified in order to ensure their credibility.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, as well as members of the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have contributed significantly to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and the negotiating capacity of developing countries through the sharing of national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) greater participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) greater use of knowledge management and information and communications technology in supply chain management.
UNDP has also improved cooperation with the regional commissions in some areas; however, the Executive Secretaries agreed that UNDP must be more actively involved in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia has an impact on global demand for and supply of commodities and has indirectly affected Africa.
Efforts were therefore made to ensure consistency in the consultative group, round-table meetings and national development framework policies.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assess the interconnection between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various projects for emergency humanitarian assistance in response to the recurrent drought and the coffee crisis in the Autonomous Region of Chananda and Managua and North America.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will take place within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must be over 24 years of age.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial markets and conditions of trade, control of the effects of environmental pollution, the risk of global warming and epidemics, the tide of migration and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, and rapid urbanization, are, of course, governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal is to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue advance notice of the forthcoming spacecraft and their purposes and basic parameters.
4.5 Through joint investment by the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects for poor rural communities have been introduced, focusing on rural development initiatives in the areas of sector 2 and 3.
However, the proportion of deliveries by women in the interior with the help of doctors is only 7 per cent.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more effective and more advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has expanded considerably over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international cooperation in managing international migration, misuse of international asylum systems, and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been the victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the largest terrorist attack that occurred in Bali on 12 October 2002 and, more recently, in the Mario Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
To deal with major cases, the mission established a Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — national Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
After a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to exchange rates or market exchange rates or market exchange rates for the countries that had adjusted the scale for the period 2001-2003, which appeared to be very different from the gross national income growth in United States dollars, and those countries that had shown a real difference in the revised methodology of exchange rates ( PAREs) during the base period.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006 it will begin to apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations with regard to the enforcement of sentences,4 but it is understood that future budget requests for the implementation of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided to support each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with the Prime Minister's Decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, responsibility for the drafting of a national report on the United Nations Convention on Human Rights was entrusted to a cross-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
More detailed reports will be made available after the session, not only to reflect the conclusions of the conferences, but also to include discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxford, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada promoted action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, with common aspirations.
Between 1 June 2002 and 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training courses for a total of 631 trainers, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, depository librarians and visitors.
In such a case, the branch and the subsidiary body shall inform the headquarters of the bank or financial institutions so that a computer system can be established to properly track the movement of currencies.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of the least developed countries in the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-agency Trade-related Technical Assistance and expanding activities to promote South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintained resources for all levels of language training and reflected the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Law on Appointment of Institutions
It urges the Government to ensure that the education of lawyers and judges is fully inclusive of deepening understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established in many States of the Federation, as the fight against trafficking in persons can only be successful through close cooperation with various units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States parties to accelerate the achievement of de facto equality between men and women shall not be regarded as discrimination within the meaning of this Convention, nor shall they result in the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; such measures shall be discontinued when the purpose of equality of opportunity and treatment is attained.
In the category B wage level (roughly equivalent to the executive branch), the proportion of women in German staff was 52.94 per cent (117 women and 104 men), and in the category C wage level (approximately equivalent to middle services), the proportion of women was 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons raising children contribute to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following could be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations, and in particular shall ensure, on the basis of equality of men and women:
Gross monthly income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the worsening situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to escalate tension and to further attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Public Prosecutor for the District of Tedsa, Ukraine (2.2 million people).
• In accordance with article 500 of the Criminal Code, if it is not possible to identify the perpetrators of the actual commission of terrorist offences, those who facilitate and incite terrorist crimes should be held accountable for the offence.
Official Journal No. 9 of 21 May 2002, published.
As to whether the depositary should also communicate the reasons for transmitting the information that it is not feasible to formulate a reservation to other States parties, this is an outstanding issue.
Otherwise, the depositary would become a supervisor and could lose the existing “UNPA” nature, which, according to the current law, would be wrong and undesirable under the proposed law.
The Committee is therefore urged to pay greater attention to the situation of liability arising from the activities of foreign vessels and to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts of flag States, the State of registration, and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, as a first step, the rules and mechanisms for dealing with possible conflict-of-conflict norms found in the relevant international instruments could be thoroughly investigated by the Commission as a first step and analysed rules of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty-based legal rules, to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights to clarify the conceptual link between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
The Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) withdrew from the Yambio camp and police headquarters in the town to avoid the conflict.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to do everything possible to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments can threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts to achieve peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, policymakers would like to ensure that there is adequate representation of researchers in order to meet the increased demands of countries to expand their scientific capacities and to focus more on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two-year cycle will focus on each policy session.
Policy paper by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and the need, inter alia, for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and for public awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to armed conflict should take all feasible precautions in areas under their control affected by explosive remnants of war to protect civilian populations, civilian individuals and civilian objects from the dangers and effects of explosive remnants of war.
The stockpiled explosive ordnance should be subject to periodic in-surface tests, as appropriate, to ensure that the munition has an expected role.
Welcoming also the active launching of the strengthened review process for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
Alongside our efforts in the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not tradable.
Such reporting would help sanctions committees to measure the level of compliance with sanctions and identify technical assistance needed by States to improve their implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 into the work agenda of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of using a multidimensional approach to staff resources, similar to that of UNHCR (see para. 19 above), could be explored, including through the adoption of such a policy between OCHA and the Office of Human Resources Management, to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large-scale or complex emergencies, while drawing down from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This has enabled WHO to be fully qualified to benefit from the World Bank later in its capacity as a funding agency and to coordinate the relationship between WHO representatives in Dili and those seconded by UNTAET from WHO (although only a fraction of the funding provided in this regard is provided for in this regard).
For details, see Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU's recent emphasis on curbing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in its common external and security policies is indicative of our great desire to be at the forefront of our common efforts.
MOTAPM should not be fitted with anti-handling devices.
He welcomed the UNCTAD report's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At a time when the Conference on Disarmament is facing a deadlock, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the sole body that can discuss the guiding principles of disarmament — will continue to serve as a framework for an effective and fruitful exchange.
Since the inception of nuclear weapons, humankind has been exploring ways of eliminating nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously initiate practical ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, on behalf of the States members of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it has not completely banned landmines, but the way forward has gained broad support from the major user States and major producers.
At the same time, my Government sends a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat to my post in Oseille (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo is of the view that the draft UNCITRAL Model Legislative Provisions on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects represented a real improvement that would enable States to coordinate their own legislation and was pleased that the Commission had decided to merge the Model Provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including dates and venue
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document of the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Commission,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to mine action, mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the issue of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for consolidating peace and initiating reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to clear and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced his readiness to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
Progress towards the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, procedurally cumbersome, and even those countries that have reached the point of conclusion are unlikely to feel at the end of the process that they are already at sustainable levels of debt.
UNFPA anticipates that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used at headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
A prisoner who has served his sentence for the last four months may be carried out by means of electronic monitoring.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention in the area of crime prevention and expressed the hope for future cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as Chairman of the Islamic Summit Conference, I believe that it is my responsibility to inform you of the decisions taken at the Conference so that you can inform the members of the Security Council so that they can take our position into account in the consideration of the aforementioned issue.
If we continue to build on the basic elements mentioned above, I believe that we can outline new prospects for global security: respect for human rights when confronting the various threats facing our time — including the threat of terrorism.
The rest will be reported in future instalments.
The Panel has compared the Palestinian “late claims” with the full category “C” original claims and the clusters of this total: a comparison with Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinian, who have submitted claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide concise and highly broad-based information on a number of issues in the context of United Nations technical cooperation to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to that statement, the competition among United Nations technical cooperation providers can lead to choice, while overall coherence is achieved through the process of country programming.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop, in cooperation with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to give due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of the ongoing work on counter-terrorism-terrorism-related resolutions of the Security Council;
The concept of a culture of peace encompasses respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and acceptance of differences and mutual understanding between States and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, and today the range of values, ideas, traditional practices, patterns of conduct and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace has become an integral part of almost all major initiatives of national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in the international military operation, the Norwegian Armed Forces did not use empty cluster munitions that could have a high rate of duds.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In that regard, we welcome the results achieved by those organizations at the United Nations Headquarters meeting on 6 March.
It cannot be allowed to provide shelter to States that have committed themselves to supporting and beautifying terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to abide by Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, with regard to the safety of the staff of the Agency, the protection of the Agency's institutions and the maintenance of facilities and facilities;3
Control of precursors
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes the requirement of continuous nationality until the date of the claim, which is of personal relevance and which should be extended to legal persons on the basis of judicial grounds.
However, there are still some vulnerable employees who are marginalized under the ten-year relaxation of the labour market and who are hardly protected by trade unions, although there are allegations of a breach of good faith, mediation through employment relations legislation has led to a reduction of some rivalry in industrial relations and the resolution of other areas such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation recognized that the imposition of a ceiling on paid parental leave would limit the participation of some fathers in the programme, particularly in view of the wage gap between men and women.
In order to counter the pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has endeavoured to maintain its focus on children whose marriage or relationship is dissolved.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information to make recommendations by consensus and that all relevant criteria for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met and that the relevant due process had been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions by the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital inflows to developing countries
The first net inflow was due to the financial deregulation of industrialized countries and the rapid growth of the European dollar market.
In the 1990s, official “S rescue” operations became the main international mechanism for dealing with the issue of solvency, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementing the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) II: Meeting of Ministers with the Bretton Woods institutions to express their concerns about the HIPC Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, 27 September 2002, Washington, D.C., www.dri.org.uk.
(h) A common integrated third-party insurance plan should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of its report (A/57/387), the Secretary-General referred to two sets of measures recommended: improving the quality of reports and analyses generated by special procedures, including the setting of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and the selection of appointees, developing better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and strengthening the capacity of the Organization to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professionals and the provision of good administrative support.
It is gratifying, however, that there are currently 14 women representatives of 99 representatives of the National Assembly, while one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council is a woman.
Currently, enrolment at the lower secondary level (secondary level) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
While there are no parallel plans specifically for women, the Royal Government is committed to incorporating measures to promote the participation of women in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the special needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare because Bhutan, like many other countries, does not prohibit divorce.
Most of the actions taken to combat such transactions have led to the transfer of sex workers to the ground, so that they are not monitored and processed and that they are not consulted on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of ICT in all countries and narrow the digital divide.
Finalization of the areas in which agreements have been reached and the resolution of outstanding issues in order to prepare a universally acceptable instrument based on the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and on the discussions and discussions in the Open-ended Working Group of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee, and to recommend the format of the instrument.
Both hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and suffered extensive damage; the second hotel was used as a centre for hostage-taking and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotels referred to in the third claim hotels were widely burned by Iraqi forces.
Thus, for example, in relation to the three claims made by persons operating in Kuwait's hotels, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that the appropriate period of 1 January 1993 was determined by the first and second claimants, taking into account the nature of the institutions managed in each case, the extent to which major losses were sustained, the period of reconstruction and the measures of improvement as part of the rehabilitation.
The computational value of commercial securities should be calculated and cash flows and reserves should be forecast and the expected profit and loss flows should be determined by assumptions.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of local civilians and personnel participating in humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has contributed greatly to our understanding and appreciation of the law, science and the arts, and it is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution, which is shared with the Iraqi people, should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
Gross national income per capita fell to almost half of 2000.
6 Information received on 16 September 2003 from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and approve the projections for 2004-2005 on the basis of the information referred to in paragraph 8 above.
Consequently, there had been a resignation, as had been the case in the two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
United Nations
Source: Statistics on higher education in Spain and the Spanish education statistics of the Ministry of Education.
In the area of overall population mortality, there were 371,102 deaths in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The network, composed of professionals, seeks to promote the inclusion of specific issues of women's health as part of the programming and research.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments relating to the status listed above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
This issue undoubtedly poses a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States insists on establishing 18 as the minimum age for compulsory recruitment or use in hostilities by State actors and non-State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of the relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be regarded as efficient when the public sector has the effect or “effectiveness” in line with the objectives guiding its functioning.
It was so decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to that view, a comprehensive approach could not yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, Supplementary Fund for “third parties”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Chief Executive explaining the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003), regarding the orderly transfer of authority to the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (German)
Promotion of the enjoyment of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated through “learning by side” in the implementation of projects.
While the improvement of awareness and understanding is rare, it can usefully complement and enhance information and actions on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the Bouaké area, the Forces Nouvelles did not allow full freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Mann and Buna, they allowed only controlled access to military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to help States develop relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the diplomatic process of trying to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and has reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 0 abstentions. The voting was as follows:
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to spare no effort in improving the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, the Committee equally recognizes that the modification of baseline data is a serious matter and that it is possible to accept it only if the Committee is fully of the opinion that there is sufficient reason to change, and that the Committee has set out this approach in a decision that has been proposed.
He concluded by noting that, in the context of these two significant atmospheric changes, the environmental impact makes us more reason to work for the protection of the ozone layer: the faster we have achieved, the less the damage.
(ii) To terminate the consumption of methyl bromide on 1 January 2007, in addition to the necessary uses that may be approved by the Parties;
The Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed has not received an appropriate notification of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such case, the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings until the arbitral tribunal hear the parties' submissions]; or
It was further explained that the intention of the revised draft was that, in order for the courts to have discretion in denying recognition and enforcement of an interim measure, the Court should not only be satisfied that there was a major problem, but also that the issue was an appropriate basis for refusing enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the provision should be formulated in such a way as to avoid unnecessarily deviating from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group considered that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less obliged to refuse enforcement, this is not incompatible with the unity sought by those model provisions.
C. Factors determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously found that the advertising of Internet commodities was only about an invitation (invitario adshipperendum) and held that a binding contract was created only when the seller accepted the buyer's offer (offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Service is responsible, inter alia, through the Monetary Special Police Unit (in accordance with the authority and in accordance with section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Decree-Law No. 153 of 26 May 1997):
It is very clear that the offence must be committed in Italian territory or, in any event, within the jurisdiction of the Italian criminal law.
First counts
(Signed) NGUIE MBOB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the National Court of Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqri and Freiz Deiu came from the municipality of Vitina and were charged with terrorist activities, illegal weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated that the Joint Liaison Group should invite the secretariats of the Ramsar Convention to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; The SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical documents prepared by the IPCC on the interlinkages between biological diversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work on inter-committee cooperation; The SBSTA took note of the efforts of the contact group to enhance the participation of the members of the Joint Convention in the preparation of the document;
Harvard University (Winter 2003): Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Filipe H. H.E. delivered a course entitled “Empowering judicial power”, analysing how prosecutors perform their functions in countries where public and private law is practised and examine the various ways of prosecuting officials at the national and international levels, and organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international commerce, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the Convention secretariat, to initiate a dialogue aimed at improving the effective implementation of guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the Facility as an entity operating financial mechanism, taking into account lessons learned from GEF-funded projects and programmes, and to report on the outcome of that dialogue in its report to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for country-driven action to address the specific needs and circumstances of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
Furthermore, in view of the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions was of the opinion that, in order to re-evaluate the country's rate of assessment for 2003, it would be preferable to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange instead of price adjustment rates to prepare the current scale.
The European Union was of the view that the adjustment of some assessments in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly should not, in any event, lead to an increase in the membership of other Member States in the scale established by the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized, unintegrated territory of the United States of America.
The Code of Civil Rights lists, inter alia, the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and freedom of religion.
One issue of concern in recent years was the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of the rights of civilians by the Burundian parties to the conflict and appealed to the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
Working with the “Montreal International” and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada on the secondment of a Senior Foreign Service, to be a permanent ambassador at the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Network of Communication Teaching and Learning.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting Gorda and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions in order to bring them into line with the amendments to the decisions of the Security Council Sanctions Committee and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amiri decree on the Ministry of Education issued on 7 January 1979
The results of the review resulted in the termination of nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations by OIOS and the reaffirmation of four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, a State Party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
Unless the State party to which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article so agrees, no person, regardless of his or her nationality, may be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction of his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she is transferred on account of his or her conduct, omission or conviction prior to his or her departure from the State of destination.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public administration, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, at the request of the Meeting of States Parties, provide information to the Conference on its programmes, plans and practices and legislative and administrative measures it has taken to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist in peace and security within recognized borders.
From the standpoint of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation, North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there other benefits that help strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiiv/96), providing guidance on access to prevention, medical care, care and support for States and other actors in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic entered the Convention on 20 February 1975 with reservations of 1,2,3 and acceded to it.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of the members should begin on the date of their election, namely, 21 April.
The revised appeal requirements remain modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the achievement of equality between women and men as provided for in article 2, paragraph (2), and article 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme, and to take measures at the national level to ensure that families have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the lands transmitted by the inter-generational community of the Holy See and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in its general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain very useful definitions of terminology — such as “what is viewed” or “model locations” — which have different meaning in the paper environment and in the electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in achieving the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations over the past decade
Activities:
To determine the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and to provide the necessary support for the rehabilitation of reconstruction.
The Arab Labour Organization believes that the following forms of assistance must be provided to all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, businessmen and workers' organizations:
- The League will provide assistance for the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high- and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources in accordance with their capacities, thereby avoiding increasing reliance on a limited number of donors.
Many of these clearly reflect the interface with UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the MDGs.
The draft decision was adopted.
The Financial Intelligence Unit therefore promotes training programmes related to the prevention of capital legalization and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their origin and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that organizational and substantive preparations were conducted as planned; most unedited pre-session documentation had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee's internal website; the final version, as approved, would be posted on the UN-Habitat website as soon as possible.
Add a first preambular paragraph
Official exports reportedly reached $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one made a statement under this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the adoption of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure the timely delivery of conference services at the highest cost-effectiveness, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve that goal, activities such as the African Development Forum will be carried out with a view to reaching consensus on important issues of African development and developing a collective African perspective on these issues and ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on girls' education, increased illiteracy rates and affected women's employment, and said that urgent remedial measures were clearly needed to that end.
Specific UNICEF support is provided for in country cooperation programmes.
The examples cited are only illustrative and cannot be one.
The Council reaffirms its intention to continue to examine closely the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the European Union Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
Shortly thereafter, the “United States-led Joint Command” was unilaterally disguised as “United Nations Command” and is still being misused to violate the sovereignty of a United Nations Member State.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Fifty-seventh session
These consultations included the President's participation in a meeting on the draft general comments organized by the Centre for Equal Rights of Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 presents data on export earnings from various sources.
This article provides for the obligation to investigate and prevent the detention of persons responsible for the crime of human cloning.
The Joint Fact Finding Group continued to investigate the violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories with appointments of one year or more
Table 1 shows the gender distribution comparison by department or office and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reports on this issue to the current session of the High-level Committee on Management and also sets out policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating spouse employment.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization model project entitled “Saving Women's Life: Skilled Care Initiative” was awarded a grant of $8 million for the five-year period of the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, which greatly enhances the funding base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association, Mrs. Pôle Girard, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges held in North Kivu in November 1999.
This term is defined as the long-term or temporary expulsion of a person, family or community, in contravention of their will, from the home or land in which they reside without, or cannot invoke, appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the findings of the recent study on the analysis of the impact of sanctions by the United Nations and others suggest that these exemptions do not produce such effects.
In order to carry out this function effectively, it is important to provide the relevant courts or tribunals with information on the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the system of public responsibility, even more so with State-funded activities.
The Committee is of the opinion that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law as set out in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(c) Refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees have adequate water in refugee camps or in urban and rural areas.
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation of respect.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with cases of violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in meeting their reporting obligations.
States parties have generally pointed to the means of declaring a state of emergency as set out in their legal systems and to the application of applicable regulations which derogate from the provisions of the law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), the charge against which it is charged may be raised orally or in writing, provided that the law and facts on which it is based are stated.
In interpreting the scope of the permissible limitation clause, the State party should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including the right to equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as set out in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many instruments of civil and political rights, the interplay between the provisions ensures the objectives of the Covenant.
The principle of one vote must be implemented and, within the framework of each national electoral system, the votes cast by the voters should be equally distributed.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and practices that may interfere with the enjoyment by women of the right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practices, or to use their own language.
In order to ensure independence and effective oversight, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, financial resources (including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, premises, and any financial controls that do not affect their independence.
Government departments can only participate in consultative status.
It is clear that the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in any future work programme on decolonization.
We therefore wish not to introduce it as a formal draft resolution, but to give delegations the opportunity to consider it and decide how we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit, 2005 and to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
There are three courts in Bermuda, namely the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act gives British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living, with the highest purchasing power at the ninth highest level in the world.
The average pension income for persons over 54 years of age is $11,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education for the population of Bermuda is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared to other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrators; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminology journals and other publications; officials and members of specialized agencies, judges, law enforcement officers and other relevant professional groups.
The list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular the funds and programmes, whenever possible, to contribute on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need for further exploration of other sources of finance, which are complementary rather than an alternative to traditional sources;
Notes the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, coordination and coordination, including through the full alignment of strategic frameworks, approaches, models and partnership arrangements with the priorities of recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring greater coherence between the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the strategic frameworks identified by the Bretton Woods institutions, including the poverty reduction strategy papers developed;
Stresses the need to strengthen the institutional capacity of those least developed countries that are affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations and to provide adequate support to the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding, in accordance with the need to help those countries that are affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, as well as its subsequent decision to devote a special review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions to the coordination segment of a meeting to be held by 2005,
Taking into account also the Barcelona Declaration and the work programme annexed to the Declaration, which emerged from the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of connecting the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure their interoperability,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through FDI and other channels alone cannot ensure that technology is always available.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that four members of the Board of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development could be elected for a term of four years, namely, Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); María Pavlo-Sirwanja (Russian Federation) and Salemama Suban (Bangladesh/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, 248 endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in this regard, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Foundation for Housing and Integration of the homeless in Haiti
(d) Took note of the Committee's no longer considering complaints by States against:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export of DDT to provide the Secretariat with relevant information on their activities using the above-mentioned draft format and questionnaire to the Secretariat six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The Legal Drafting Group noted that no procedures had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five speakers made statements on the theme of trends in trafficking in persons, focusing in particular on data collection, global trends in combating trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children were reported as placing them in urban households, which in some cases became the form of trafficking.
UNITAR English-language workshop on the structure and drafting and adoption of United Nations resolutions
The visit also found no indication of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activities.
Question of Tokelau
States should not have a tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to counter terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS 2002 revised budget (DP/2003/CRP.3), the Executive Director presented a preliminary year-end projection to the Executive Board that UNOPS actually achieved better results in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to the site of the facility abandoned by Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed very important, and the First Committee remains an important forum for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, several of us, through the Organization of American States (OAS), have called upon other States in our region to adhere to or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts is worth considering that, with the authorization of the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the Panel of Experts to carry out specific verification missions.
Here, it should be mentioned in particular that the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Council will enhance the use of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
Although the company is the main legal person in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may need such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply irrespective of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar procedure is relevant to the dispute that is or has been the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for everything they have done on our side and on their behalf for a peaceful settlement of the crisis.
However, to maximize the impact of the Unit on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it is not enough to improve the quality of the development and recommendations of the work programme alone.
The team completed its work a hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
(a) In accordance with the provisions of annex V to the Convention, a thematic network was facilitated in 2005 (US$ 40,000 for consultants and participants);
During the ongoing dialogue on the future of the island, at the end of 2002, the St. Helena Legislative Council published 13 draft strategic objectives to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) Maintenance of a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio, provided that the overall activities of the fixed place resulting from the combination of such activities are preparatory or complementary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and the previous reports will help the Committee to assess the action taken by Member States and to make recommendations on improving existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) The seizure of a large number of assets or property for the purpose referred to in subparagraph (a) and the exchange of conditions for the non-damage or damage to the asset or property or the return thereof, and the application of a request to a governmental or international organization, shall be punishable under subsection (1).
The Seoul branch of the National Federation of Family and Family Clubs of the Republic of Korea launched a Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group to report on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of the lump-sum allowance is determined by the Minister of Labour on an annual basis.
Women continued to account for more than 50 per cent of the agricultural population in 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998 and 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000, and women had become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity of adoption, death, registration, transfer of heads of household, etc., are effective only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement Against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion recorded in the summary record began at 2.25 p.m.
As far as the latter is concerned, at which session of the Commission?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the IMF's intention was not to establish a standard, but rather to recognize the standards already established by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the foundation of inter-State relations; mutual respect and a desire for peace are the link between States large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At a special meeting of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova presented a summary report on their counter-terrorism activities.
It is this information that has led to the creation of various summits in the Millennium Declaration and in subsequent years, including in particular the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg summits.
Following the nomination of the representative of Belize, Djinnit Miller (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that some requests for changes in the allocation of resources between the various language units of the United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4, on LDCs, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue and required a long-term perspective.
These objectives are consistent with the international development goals on poverty management, and the international development indicators for poverty reduction plan to achieve at least 7 per cent of gross domestic product growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people did not have access to important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not prescriptive.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition, individually and collectively, to seek sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The following is an example of the issues under the current agenda item referred to in the comments and of related action.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002, by which it decided to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any African countries emerging from conflict, and Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, with the financial support of the Centre for Gender Equality Information and Policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Federation of Women and Men's Christian Women's Youth Federation in Belarus, which published a booklet entitled “Trafficking in Persons: Wise or Reality?”.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may further deteriorate.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the Fund's proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $5.5 million, of which $4.29 million is programme resources and $3.3 million is programme support and $4.3 million is for management and administration expenditures.
From the Russian Federation's annual special-purpose contributions to the Foundation (expenditures earmarked for activities in the Russian Federation) a portion of the costs of the operations of the Office.
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held a preliminary review of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Damming Cole (Ireland)
Notes that the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-second session, continued its work as set out in General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on its review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) To agree with Lithuania's request for the restoration of its voting rights in accordance with article 5.2 of the UNIDO Constitution;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of the integrated programme aimed at the development and improvement of the Palestinian industrial sector, and noting in particular the encouraging results achieved during the pilot phase of the project begun in 2000,
The analysis carried out by the UNCTAD secretariat shows that the issue of Africa is a long-term issue.
Even if the prospects for the most optimistic growth of the world economy are estimated, it seems difficult now to achieve the MDGs.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Cancún Ministerial Conference was another issue of concern.
People working in the Sanctions Committee are fully aware of the fact that the same names appear once and again.
We would like to recommend that this approach be taken on a regular basis in the future for Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these different discussions should serve as a reference point for the Council to address the issues it has assumed.
(d) Increase awareness among criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, in particular through training, of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the detection and prosecution of such crimes through the following measures:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wendland outlined the work and planned future sessions of WIPO on traditional knowledge.
He met again with the Government's senior ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, Chan Sarun, and the Minister of Lands Administration, Im Chhunlem.
The proposed programme will need to be further developed with extensive consultations, open debates with insight and active consultation of public judges and prosecutors, and strong political will to overcome the gap between the “legal region” and the “real zone”.
With the end of the armed conflict, large tracts of land have become extremely valuable assets, prompting the military to claim that ownership of the former battlefield and remote areas of no-man control belongs to them.
The analytical process leading to the development of the Standard Rules is the product of the joint efforts of many international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and the expert groups of the Standard Rules Monitoring Mechanism.
Support for some of the entities identified in Australia was identified, and the relevant Australian authorities are conducting investigations.
While recognizing the differences between States in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development and taking them into account in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he noted that those differences should not be a reason for weakening the attainment of the objectives of future conventions.
Some of the mid-term reviews identified a number of advocacy activities that were too broad and recommended that UNFPA maintain an appropriate focus at the country level and select specific regions to undertake focused advocacy activities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the “road map” for peace in the Middle East issued by the Quartet on international mediation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations
Three of the explosions were killed and more than 200 injured.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission to help complete the transition process and to follow up on the implementation of the mandate of UNPOS at the end of the year.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made special mention of the United Nations contribution to women's issues and their rights and needs, citing a number of important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the Fund's main objective is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance, in order to promote the development of a culture of anti-mafia in society, particularly among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals in investigative and judicial institutions working to prevent and combat organized crime.
Section 4
We note the continued work on simplification and harmonization of programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will lead to a reduction in transaction costs for developing countries and to the strengthening of national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to promote institutional rationalization, the best use of resources, the elimination of duplication, the strengthening of coordination and the setting of criteria for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping military exercise, “Byongho 2003”, was held in Francesville, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the Consultative Process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
In expected accomplishment (a), after the words “Programme managers”, insert the words “in accordance with their mandates”.
The Committee is of the opinion that the repatriation grant to United Nations staff members who are about to retire has been out of 50 years and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Committee notes that the objective of the consolidated CEB secretariat is to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response by the United Nations system to policy directives and mandates of Member States, and looks forward to CEB implementing the relevant part of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In that regard, the Committee emphasized the need for CEB to keep the issue of inter-agency coordination on NEPAD under review.
Responses to the door-to-door transport questionnaire and the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, the issue of rail must be fully taken into account.
The experts responsible for the workshop on networking profiles made important recommendations that the General Assembly should consider.
New York
Their pension increases varied from pre-retirement pay and working age to 37.8 per cent (average 6 per cent).
(c) Claims for tangible property losses
The Claimant further states that the Transfer was agreed to be signed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not signed solely as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The report on category D claims relates to the review of individual claims for damages above USD 100,000; the report on category E1 claims relates to the review of claims in the oil sector; the report on category E2 claims relates to the review of claims for non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering; and the report on Palestinian claims, which concerns the review of individual claims with a maximum claimed amount of USD 100,000.
Decision concerning the payment of the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Company, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) from September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities began in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste treatment plants have been established in Ethiopia, and process optimization activities (slean technologies) have been carried out in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by inserting, in operative paragraph 16, the dates of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to its resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the development of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity for enforcement
(m) The importer must obtain the import license of its local authorities and obtain a copy of the exporter's export licence before the importation;
(f) States could enhance cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and should take measures to ensure the legitimacy of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution for the implementation of a standard computerized debt management system in the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level) — Language Assistant — Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (Case managers)
• Drafting of a complaint document in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and legal submissions (in particular in relation to issues of evidence and procedure)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively dealt with by the Section, which did not give rise to unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance 16 months (P-2): €3,584
The first half of 2004 will therefore be the time for the Secretariat to be able to build up its capacities.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government to provide more information on women's health, and therefore Luxembourg is conducting research to obtain sex-disaggregated data on infant and child mortality, breast-feeding women, antenatal and post-partum care and bones for such purposes.
The provisions of this article shall not be interpreted to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude States parties from exercising any criminal jurisdiction established by their domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken to implement the request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, those States Parties may consider establishing, on the basis of this Convention, mutual law enforcement cooperation in respect of any offence covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation are conducive to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that if it is fully, universally and effectively implemented, and in the interest of all humankind, through the total elimination of the possibility of the use of chemical weapons, it will further contribute to that goal;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, as necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination based on nationality, race, sex, religion and language in the United Nations, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds Al-Sharif) in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980 and to give due consideration to the recommendations consistent with the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as measured by the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a very poor country, and the text in the box below provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between various initiatives and work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at your entry points or at their transit?
Another speaker said that the time had come for greater efforts to publicize the wider impact of the work of the United Nations to the world.
Environment of regulations 4
Financial incentives: insurance of grants, credit subsidies and concessional prices; Financial incentives: exemption periods, reductions or exemptions from taxes on profits, capital, labour, sales, value added and imports; Other incentives, for example, infrastructure subsidies and utility subsidies.
In particular, the following good practices should be borne in mind in the implementation of cluster development programmes:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save time for discussion of proposals.
The scope of activities during this period is wide.
The first budget document for the biennium 2000-2001 included the concept of gender mainstreaming in the budget, which was adopted with the adoption of the agreed conclusions 1997/2 of the Economic and Social Council and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly called upon all bodies dealing with the programme and budget, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and the programme budget clearly mainstream a gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not halted the destruction of property, the confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youths, the closure of roads, the construction of side roads for Israeli settlements, restrictions on movement and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern at the increasing restrictions placed on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians under its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations as a result of attacks and threats against humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated personnel,
It was emphasized that results-based management was a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal and that the work of the Tribunal should be directed towards achieving the desired results with due consideration of the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statements by the President in the General Assembly; participation in meetings on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
The other five cases concerned seven accused; the cases were one accused in Semanza, one in Niyitegeka, one in Kamuhanda, one accused in the Kajelijeli case and three in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), in which it approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a United States citizen, had been arrested and sentenced for three years for his attempt to interfere with radio and television programmes; that the Australian citizen Nancy Chen had been abducted by agents of the National Security Service of China; that Yuhui Zhang had been sentenced for the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of Falun Gong members in China; and that 16 persons had been sentenced to demonstrations prior to the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States of their responsibility in responding to the phenomenon of Islamophobia and hostility towards the Arab world.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the serious nature of these allegations, notes that this is not the first communication on such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not replied to its communications.
The concept of freedom of the press itself is an important element of one of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries are going to realize their utmost aspirations to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be — and indeed it is becoming the base of the global coalition against terrorism.
I am confident that, before trying to modernize the United Nations instruments, careful analysis and careful judgement must first be carried out.
The king authorities have been created, as if they are the same.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have reinforced the Special Rapporteur's determination to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that Iraq's democracy is firmly rooted in a culture of human rights and to bring to justice those responsible for gross and systematic violations of human rights over decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of the mine action capacity-building project (Objective 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order not to discuss the issue at the same time in two forums.
Governments and associations of private creditors participating in the Group of Ten have developed a number of model clauses.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein gives knowledge of or suspicion of the involvement of another person in money-laundering activities.
The Panel will complete this task by continuing to discuss the specific issues selected by the London Group at its meetings.
In this regard, the pilot project on the establishment of the United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity occupies its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade promotion, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter addressed to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last, the Secretary-General is still waiting for a response from the Government of Israel to show its investigation of the death of Mr. Holk, who is a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the revised draft general recommendation on article 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Option B will have a serious negative impact on the process.
The website, which is protected by cryptography, became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council for the new United Nations mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shares the view of France and Germany that the issue of human cloning will in any event have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions now provide financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“Implemented measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As of 31 December 2002, only half G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the oversight of the health insurance plan, and a new post was created in 2003 to better control the expenditure of the health insurance plans that were decentralized to the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 is the reserve established for 2001 to write off the amounts paid to implementing partners in 1994-2000 but which were not recoverable on a long-term basis.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) there is sufficient extrabudgetary resources to assess the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national level; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of a monitoring mechanism for the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice and to maintain the implementation of the monitoring policies and strategies for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent action to ratify legislation to develop or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported taking steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status determination by UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers meeting, the Commission of the African Union gave high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the Caribbean Community Secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted with large-scale attacks of international terrorism and extremism, considering that such evils are inseparable from global threats and that, without concerted efforts, they cannot be protected from the “national building”.
The Islamic Development Bank has adopted international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of Amendments to Regulation No. 98: (30 October 2003)1
Children under the age of 9 do not bear any criminal responsibility.
Under the Criminal Code, any person engaged in the sale, sale or any other type of illegal transaction of a child shall be criminally liable.
Background
There are no multi-purpose and “time relative” problems in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing occurrence of all forms of violence by persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks against humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer products
Tomuschat is of the view that the purpose of a general regime of strict or objective liability in a treaty is solely to deal with extremely dangerous activities.
However, in such a case the injured party is the whole State.
A choice must be made between the law of the State of ratification and the law of the State in which the injury occurred.
The “Amoco Cadiz case” illustrates the approach taken by the Court in measuring the damage caused to the environment.
The parent company Indiana-America Oil Company is also not in a position to voluntarily assume liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other industries involved in financial transactions (banks, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, equity companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following work programme.
Other operational activities, such as criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be carried out with the availability of resources.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Matt Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
Furthermore, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be useful to have in-depth discussions on globalization and examine specific aspects in a more detailed manner.
International Council for Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering plays a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of arms to groups that cannot be bought by legitimate means; they have States and groups that are subject to embargoes, rebels, organized criminal elements and terrorists.
My delegation therefore wishes to pay tribute to your predecessor, Mr. Martinia Mulumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the manner in which he led the work of the Commission during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized structures of cooperation services
• Institute of International Law — Centre for African Legal Excellence (Kampala, Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in Andhra Pradesh, India has shown how the decentralized civil authority in the form of SMART (short, ethical, credible, accountable and transparent) governance is using the Internet for reforms such as the “Integrated Information Centre for Civic Services” and the digitalization of contractual registration.
Calls upon States and international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support for the achievement of the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The League agreed that following the parliamentary debate on self-government in the spring of the year, the Government would take a decision on the establishment of a governmental entity/sector to deal with self-government matters and would take a decision on whether to hold a referendum on self-government.
Improving their conditions has been a top political priority.
To that end, there is a need to strengthen incentives for job creation.
The benefit programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and comprehensive monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports of ongoing violations against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a universally recognized representative of indigenous peoples.
In that connection, the seminar had played a great role, including the participation of a British representative who, in his own words, had been informed by the Anguillans of the real idea of self-determination options.
At the request, a special compendium of companies on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals has been prepared for UNFPA (reproductive health of women), Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (Humanitarian Issues), Refugee Commissioners (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (Water and Sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information Technology and African Women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussion explored how to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and the support expressed during the session to address those issues, in particular with regard to identifying measures to improve competitiveness, diversify and add value to their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions against non-compliance with reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognizes the needs that can be most effectively addressed through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by article III of the general management procedure for the operations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director is responsible for the overall direction of the Foundation, with the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, to provide technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules set out in the Registration Convention for the registration of objects launched into outer space are fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but it could not be said to explore how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that there would be an international consensus on the issue and that if a vote was necessary, they would support the Belgian proposal.
We therefore consider it very important for the Security Council to hear officially the views, suggestions and recommendations of the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the consideration of the report by the General Assembly will provide useful feedback for the Council to improve its work in the future.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit to the Review Conference a report containing recommendations, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signature or ratification of the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the head of the plant and asked about the ownership of the refinery, the buildings adjacent to the North Gas Company (Northern Gas Company) and the production operations.
The people of Colombia support the Government's efforts to regain territorial control, to defend national sovereignty, to combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, to strengthen justice and to promote social development in poor areas and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter sets out the process and outlines some of the potential ideas on the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for the development of a set of voluntary guidelines to be prepared by a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development and the realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established by international law.
Question:
It will be responsible for the efficient use of chartered air assets and for monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring that established flight standards are adhered to; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, caution was expressed that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be adequately balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the problems commonly faced by developing countries, the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are difficult due to the interplay of many factors, such as their small size, remoteness, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, fragile ecosystems, transport and communications, weak local technical capacities, acute problems of access to fresh water, extreme dependence on imported goods, commodities, low levels of non-renewable resources, and, in particular, the shortage of high-skilled, financial resources”.
I can certainly say that the seminar brought real hope to the people of the Pacific that the United Nations will be involved in dialogue with the administering Power in the search for a number of durable solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement made by the representative of the people of Tokelau, who said that the working session with the Special Committee had been successful because of the “human face”.
These activities have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, the monitoring of their functioning and the improvement of skills.
It is not required that Congolese men and women married to foreigners be granted citizenship.
The situation was further exacerbated by the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the inability to sustain rural livelihoods, the inability to carry out agricultural activities and the recent return of millions of refugees.
With regard to the second index, Member States' unpaid assessed contributions, although significant, were much lower at the end of 2002, at a rate of $16.84 million, compared with $2010.6 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to his country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of the land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, where will young people see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to water systems in the areas of the settlement of refugees and internally displaced persons in and around Hargeisa.
Support for prohibited groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Stresses the critical importance of the expeditious entry into force of the remaining Protocols of the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure the development of programmes for women's independent access to rights and rights so that women can benefit sustainably from forest resources while protecting forest resources.
Report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the consultations on the preparations for the First Review Conference of the Parties to the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Further develop the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Association of Afro-Americans said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not only a problem of poverty, since middle-class or wealthy people of African descent were also discriminated against in the administration of justice.
Movement against Racism and for Friedrich Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCCA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in the implementation of the road map and in the way of peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the justiciability of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in the implementation of the rights protected by the Covenant”.
It was also observed that a mandatory time period was not appropriate to a particular exception to a security right, that in some cases priority was to be given to the time of creation rather than to the time of filing (e.g., an acquisition security right).
With regard to other issues to be addressed in Chapter VII, a number of recommendations were made.
An independent assessment of some of the projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements reached with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to free it from its long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and from its seamless integration.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women in Parliament were not only victorious for Moroccan women but also for Muslim women; through the expansion of numbers, all women shared that victory.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze physical assets such as enterprises or property further complicates the issue.
Of the 272 individuals named, very few are known to have lost their whereabouts.
In addition to actions that cannot control the worldwide scope of listed persons, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate business assets held by them or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be reasonable.
The unique format and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in Southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have prompted the United Nations to clearly identify its humanitarian role and responsibilities in this context.
The present report describes the areas where progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for NEPAD, as well as the challenges and obstacles that have been encountered.
Guam is a duty-free port to facilitate the movement of raw materials in the manufacturing sector.
Further development towards the process leading to the determination of the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the current form of the document was unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders also remained close to the document.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and provide them with the resources necessary.
How can it prove correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws, as well as the original criteria/criteria as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities have always been first aware that time has different values and scales on forest-related issues.
The capacity to carry out the required programmatic functions has been strengthened to improve advocacy and improve the effectiveness of country programmes in the following small offices: Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million from other resources and trust funds recovered (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The Constitutional Court ruled on an appeal against the supporters of General Ríos Montes in the capital, in the presence of buses and trucks, in the face of a large number of masks, handcuffs, block the streets, encirclement the Supreme Court building and destroy the property.
The sanctions entered into force for a period of 10 months on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 17 and 18 December 2003; 15 and 23 January; 10, 19 and 20 March; 4, 19 and 20 March; 8 and 14 and 5 May, 19 and 16 December 2003; and 24 June 2003; 19 and 20 March;
(United Nations Disengagement Observer Force
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, held on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban list, in which it decided to delete the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be deleted.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendations (8);
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have drastically reduced their nuclear arsenals, but other States have not fully complied with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the possibility of falling into the hands of terrorists constitute an increasing problem.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand fully repaid the International Monetary Fund (IMF) loans two years in advance.
For that future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups as criminal offences;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The UNAMI Core Group will provide leadership for operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as coordination and guidance on the activities of United Nations agencies.
In accordance with the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a)), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed individuals and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and to ensure that neither their nationals nor any persons within their territories contribute such funds, assets or any other resources, assets or resources, or resources, directly or resources.
Kenya takes this challenge seriously.
The implementation of the plan will contribute to our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of domination and domination, but also in all human relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and in creating a secure environment for democracy that guarantees peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalance in the region is not conducive to the creation of full employment to absorb the growing economically active population every year.
English
One solution would be to set out a clause stating that diplomatic protection is complementary to the special regime for the protection of investment or the protection of human rights, but that it must be ensured by a binding decision such as judicial decisions or arbitral decisions.
His delegation was of the view that the best option would be to hold civil liability on the part of the operator and that the residual liability would be borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of loss resulting from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities, as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention, is being dealt with rationally.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential for economic recession and financial crisis during the biennium, space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: A workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly discussed with the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, Department of the Kierty language, has since become the convenor of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (not including Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need for a satisfactory solution to the outstanding issues within the framework of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of the recommendation.
There is a need for informed public debates on these issues, as they have a wide range of implications.
The national forest programme services project is chaired by FAO and supported by many donors and developing country participants.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland obtained the required two-thirds majority of the votes and was elected to the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that, at its forty-first session, the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, taking into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States who has been found to have not frozen the assets of individuals and entities on the list of specifically designated global terrorists issued by the Office of the Control of Foreign Assets or who deals with such individuals and entities is subject to serious civil and/or criminal penalties.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at your entry points or at their transit?
- Act No. 428 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. in cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invites all Parties to the Convention to communicate information to the Conference of the Parties.
Economic impact assessment of “response measures”
Kenya described legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise could rise to less than 6 per cent of the coastal areas, thus threatening the provision of fresh water to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia, together with Singapore, dealt with the dispute concerning sovereignty over the sovereignty of Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rock and South Ledge through the International Court of Justice.
In view of this situation, careful efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to the conservation and management of fisheries and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to the level of maximum sustainable fishing by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “Russian Federation - Support for the National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultative mechanisms
The Special Rapporteur has received reports on the involvement of mercenaries in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly in relation to drug cartels, but also in the context of self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, in order to make any amendments to the Convention in order to prosecute more effectively the criminal and internationally wrongful acts of mercenaries, the recommendations and mechanisms being developed should hear the views of a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for the development of the economy and the fight against poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the benchmarks for the normalization of Kosovo and the implementation of the stabilization and association process.
My Government supports that process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As authorized by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in the process of their return to the country.
Mr. Casteberg: Members will be given my full text and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic feeding everywhere, and we believe that this is having a bearing.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a response from the Government to his urgent appeal on the order.
Since there is also much expertise on demand reduction issues within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is crucial that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework Document on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to promote lower costs of ICT hardware and software and make them more readily accessible through tax incentives and incentives for the use and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Board heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development of UNCTAD.
The President shall speak at the same meeting.
Another participant expressed the view that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a source of facilitation to identify needs.
Some other participants were of the view that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management based on the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which, indirectly, included a review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers to ensure the use of best available techniques, but that such activities needed the support of Governments and required an appropriate political and legal framework.
This could further enrich the proposal.
Furthermore, the Charter provides the Organization with the basis for the peaceful settlement of conflicts under Chapter VI until coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What does we need?
First of all, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan with regard to the tragic events of 19 August, which resulted in the loss of life of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but also to participate in many other ways that correspond to their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require a United Nations peacekeeping operation.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated on the basis of subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
The 34 African least developed countries were concerned about the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the Trade and Development Board devoted to the least developed countries.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to thank Mr. Morris for his very meaningful statement, which I believe contains very important information and figures and express a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and shall be conducted in accordance with the supplementary mandates contained in the annex to the present Regulations, except as otherwise specifically directed by the General Assembly.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) for the sovereign States of the region, and the fact that the 18th meeting of the General Conference of OPANAL was officially endorsed, which was held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and noting also the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration, adopted”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The publication of the final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) in October 2002, endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), once again raised the issue of the link between the exploitation of resources and the violation of human rights, while demonstrating the deep root causes of the war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur takes note of several cases in which Mr. Blaise Blaze and his family are the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and are threatened by arrest and death; his two-parent families are detained for having requested MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
In his view, the visit clearly demonstrated the intensification of cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees of detention procedures
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States for curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying them.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been dormant.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that this vision will be presented by the Council under your presidency and will be addressed in other regional organizations.
We have held regular staff consultations and I have referred to Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part and parcel of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in the planning and monitoring of common country assessments, United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, the debt burden and other measures within the framework of the Group of Eight Africa Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile added that the future work programme of the Authority should include studies on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergency hazards are not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, many problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities were identified, which, if not resolved, could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group were extremely valuable not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because they contributed to the changing practices and procedures of the Council's work.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/427, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/238, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “International assistance and cooperation for the Central American Alliance for Sustainable Development” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold its Global Forum on Indigenous Issues in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to keep those texts open to consultations.
There is no legislation.
* Reissued for technical reasons.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to complement the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, replace the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” with the words “developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that do not have or generally have underrepresented or underrepresented women”;
Subsequently, Romania also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several ongoing initiatives at the international level will benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of common data presentation practices (international organizations and national institutions).
The recent initiative for the development of data-sharing models has resulted in three interrelated projects.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are promptly developed, and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to cover compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to accelerate the flow, release and clearance of goods, including transit of goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in this area.
(e) Promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected public office;
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002, on human rights and terrorism,
Attempts to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops with respect for fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, KFOR and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings a few weeks ago and those who committed crimes during armed conflict are brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of innovative ways of generating new public-private sources of finance for development purposes, provided that these sources do not impose an undue burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposal for the use of SDR allocations for development purposes, as set out in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with the international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit offences outside the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign State for trial or serving a sentence.
Participants agreed on the need for the resumption of multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate for a lasting peace that allows two States, Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to coexist side by side within secure and recognized borders on the basis of the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as summaries of sources and systems, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability for results and lessons learned.
The system is based on results, concise and more consistent with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In that context, the provisions concerning reservations were not applicable to the relationship between the two parties, in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention: “In such cases, the consequences of withdrawal of reservations in the relations between the reserving State and the objecting State were to extend the scope of application of the treaty and the provisions covered by the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, adopted by UNISPACE III,1 the mandate of the Action Team is to implement a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, to manage natural disaster mitigation, disaster relief and disaster prevention through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while making maximum use of existing capacities and closing gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias received some 50 Honorary Doctorate degrees from renowned institutions, such as Harvard, Princeton, Dattains, Oblin, and the University of Washington, D.C., as well as many awards from other high schools, including Martin Luthers, Golden Prize, Philosophy of Philosophy, Feternesston Rarson, Thorphus, and Wei.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Office for Equal Opportunities, is a governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of promoting equal opportunities for women and men and eliminating all forms of discrimination based on gender-based standards.
For households with indoor heating using timber, coal and fuel, the “social programme” approved by the Government of Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the grant for heating from 250,000 lei/March to 300,000 lei/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared costs with others to develop a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen Caribbean emergency relief agencies.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2 Income received and funds administered by UNDP
Rule 67 Method of suspension
In response, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “interactive application” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In the area of employment: providing flexibility in determining employment at different locations in accordance with the skills and capabilities of people;
However, it also highlighted a number of weaknesses, such as in the identification of individual goals and objectives of the organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for its employees serving in hardship duty stations was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member argued that the State-owned company was not a public/non-profit sector, since other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
Although members of the Commission and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, representatives of the Staff Association argued that data collection should be completed through on-site interviews with data-collection teams, in some cases local salary commissions could decide to adopt other methodologies if they were considered useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Kenya, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania
(i) Advisory services: missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthening national-level mechanisms to strengthen women's participation in development and to mainstream a gender perspective into national policies and programmes, focusing on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, better understanding of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
Symbol Main title
[States] general insolvency law should recognize [accelerating accounting,][clearance,] set-off or net settlement in accordance with the payment or settlement systems of other States or similar rules in financial markets.
With regard to the compensability of the costs of these repairs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach described in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, in particular to paragraph 113 which states that adjustments are required if a claim is not reflected in the costs of maintenance that would have occurred in the normal circumstances.
The proposals were circulated and discussed in a report and through the organization of the International Business Forum and several follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
The need for sharing practical experience was well recognized.
However, Algeria's process of accelerating its accession to international legal treaties on human rights was following a shift to a multiparty system in 1989.
In Abidjan, there was considerable calm, a reduction in the curfew and a decrease in street demonstrations, but the movement of the forces of the “Hollandestine” is often hampered and extortion is often taking place.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions did not detonate after their launch or launch, and that they drilled underground or remained on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second Global Environment Facility General Assembly (DP/2003/23)
(b) Responsibilities of the grantor to compensate for unanticipated depreciation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year for Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, work with Governments and consult with indigenous peoples' organizations to address the issue of trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in close coordination with indigenous peoples and taking into account the experiences of the Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children, held in Quito in 2001, organize a Latin American Conference on Indigenous Children and Youth in 2004.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit a report to the Forum on policies and programmes in this area and participate in the dialogue at the third session.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the following countries and organizations:
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon has signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supports the upgrading of teaching facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure items: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been conducted in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, with resident investigators stationed in the Mission, who are carrying out downsizing plans.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement of 10 November 1995 on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to abide scrupulously by their obligations under those agreements, and expresses its intention to continue the review of the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Stabilization Force Commander, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina, taking into account the responsibility assigned to SFOR by Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement for the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns the Israeli presence of thousands of landmines in the Lebanese territory under its occupation, which has caused and continues to result in the deaths and substantial material damage of dozens of people.
Reaffirms the series of previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling the previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this issue, in particular resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit Conference at its sixth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
Concerned at the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral action by Member States in resolving their security concerns would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning the violations of the borders of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizing the challenges that the world economy poses to the growing globalization and rapid growth of integration and the formation of strong economic blocs and the growing liberalization of world trade,
Considering the economic difficulties of the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution No.
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at working together to safeguard and protect Islamic heritage;
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of those symposia.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea level rise and its social and economic impacts in order to protect wildlife in coastal areas and territories of Member States.
The Thirty-First Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 Rabiul Thani 1425H (28-30 May 2003),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concession only
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a notification (No. 10/2/3/3386 of 9 March 2003), stressing the obligation to implement the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and the instructions on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001 of 5 August 2001) and to fulfil the obligation to identify all relevant information through official documents.
This preliminary report outlines the broad framework for the legal and practical issues involved in preventing the use of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol No. 12 and expanded its non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of deaths, injuries and disability at global road traffic,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening capacity-building for global public health” (item 61) organized by the delegation of China will take place on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process for the development of a new constitution, and stresses the importance of incorporating the international obligations of Afghanistan into the new Constitution and of ensuring the full participation of women in all preparations for and holding of the Constitutional Loya Jirga and the Constitutional Loya Jirga itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, expressed their satisfaction at the presentation of the Prime Minister to the National Assembly of a draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement, reiterated their appreciation for the efforts of the French and ECOWAS forces and once again stressed their concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in on the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces and the police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace in Liberia and consolidating stability in Sierra Leone and the Mano River Union subregion; (c) the United Nations system should thoroughly assess the lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL, to coordinate United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and humanitarian and development efforts; and development; and other United Nations agencies; (e) to ensure that the peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peacebuilding should be fully and peace should be fully take place in the peace should be fully and peacebuilding, where the Security Council; (e) and peace and peace should be fully and peace and peace should be built by the Security Council; (e) and peace and peace should be fully and peace should be built by the peace and peace and peace and peace should be built by the Security Council, where appropriate, where appropriate, where the peace and peace and peace and peace and peace should be strengthened by other women'
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes proposed in the report could not be avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation adjustments in non-post expenditures, which were accepted for an increase of $9.9 million in the 2002 actual vacancy rate; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to bring to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions of particular concern to her or such situations as early action or the possibility of preventing further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about new developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“`In 1968, Haiti was expressly permitted to participate in the voting until the Committee on Contributions submitted its views, following the application of the actual requirements of article 19, paragraph 2.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 contingent personnel is part of the two contingents providing security in 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, the deployment of two highly mobile contingents will be required, each of which will have the capacity to airlift a company at any operational location.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reduce poverty and inequality, and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union; the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia; the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey; and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for having managed this very difficult job.
It is regrettable that there is a constant and weak act around the world, like the recent events that claimed more than 120 lives, which remind us in a very abhorrent and very irregular manner, however much the form of terrorism, which is now a serious global problem and requires greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community is aware of the magnitude of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priorities and the way in which Canada can help as donors and non-Council members.
This is also a source of renewed understanding that political considerations of parties may also be a motive for proposing measures that have a positive or negative impact on local governments.
Fifty-seventh session
• To promote, in coordination with the relevant bodies, issues raised and referred directly to them and studies on follow-up to them;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy relevance, prospects (coordinator: National Statistics Office of the United Kingdom)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of States implementing EU directives do not have statutory rules on the time of receipt of data messages, but in some of those countries case law has established criteria for the diversion of traditional rules to the electronic environment.
There is a need to clarify whether the servers entering the supplier are sufficient to determine the receipt of the message or whether the data message is actually retrieved by the addressee at its computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as pointed out in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “not explicitly addresses the issue of the responsibility of information systems for potential malfunctioning.
The Council of Heads of State of the CIS, inter alia, supports the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to declare 26 April as the International Day for the Commemoration of the Victims of Radioactive Accidents and Disasters.
I am now pleased to ask the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and an understanding on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provide that all individuals referred to in those articles are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds provided by the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
Social activity is a continuous process of creating a world.
• Services provided by the Government;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observation post and a chapter of a truth and reconciliation commission, equally in order to ensure that the voices of the victims are given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ms. Motoc, will travel to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role does MONUC play in human rights issues when working together with the parties to establish a transitional government?
Whatever progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will wish to consider the oral report by the Chair on the consultations and make conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions, considered a request from the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in coordination with the secretariats of the relevant institutional stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, focusing on progress made in the areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall be allocated no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decisions of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notice
In particular, I would like to draw attention to the Agency's latest urgent appeal for important services for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of the constraints in the calculation of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana, and for its generous facilities;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed the eight-year-old Palestinian boy, Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, and injured his sixth-year-old brother, Ala, when they were playing on the edge of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, the lower level of recruitment than the approved level takes place at a higher level.
Prior to the development of the workplan, the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed, namely the planning and recruitment phase, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Is extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraphs (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to engage in discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level prior to the submission of its second periodic report.
The Home Office is responsible for taking decisions to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, to be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the provisions of the above-mentioned paragraphs, by Member States;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have intervened in a timely manner in our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 September, a number of United States airlines have imposed discriminatory measures against Arabs, whether American or not, or against Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen and its meaning is considered to be more neutral.
Question C: Applicability to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received extensive information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murders of a young woman named Afsheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened system of inspections aimed at the complete and nuclear disarmament process.
The people and Government of Iran are first of all concerned that, once a war is taking place, there will no doubt be a humanitarian disaster on the part of the Iraqi people, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to stress once again that the international community's decision to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction, as contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement against trafficking at the national and international level should include elements dealing with gender biases and corrupt practices of relevant professionals.
The Committee first focused on issues such as the composition, working methods, intersessional work and reporting formats of the members of the Committee and then adopted its terms of reference as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in resolving international disputes by using all peaceful means at our disposal and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led to the Organization — which are more relevant in the context of the current impasse.
In that process, we have not only strengthened the verification regime, but also strengthened our ability to carry out important tasks — that is to save our world from the scourge of war.
Is that the allegations made by the United States of America at the previous meeting — and many countries around the world do not share the United States claim — or are they related to the concept of Iraq's active cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can contribute to the promotion and promotion of South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those set out in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reaffirms its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 are General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be a top priority and should be expedited in order to avoid a negative impact on the Fund's work and on the redesign of projects.
At its seventh session (22-24 January 2003), the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It is particularly important to seek a balance between the budget and other considerations.
Ms. Olara A. Emerita Gray de Villalas (Panama)
Expressing concern at the low level of safe and cost-effective mine detection and mine clearance equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, recognizing the need to promote greater and faster progress in this field, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to this end,
Date of insert
For the full text of the comments, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Stressing its condemnation of the continued illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, recalls that the Council has consistently unequivocally condemned those activities as one of the main factors contributing to the perpetuation of the conflict and reaffirms the need to halt those activities and to exert the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved, if necessary;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world merchandise exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of Colombia's preliminary announcement of its intention to host the eleventh session of UNIDO in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and shares information on lessons learned, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and problems between States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and norms that govern international relations in the field of global trade and are intended to increase the wide range of commercial and economic transactions between countries.
All these areas have been severely affected by the embargo because, despite many restrictions, such as education and culture have been a priority area of public spending in Cuba.
Despite material resources, Cubans continued to work to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and aerial interdiction.
Article 6 of the Law on Banking Institutions of 1998 contains preventive measures for the Government, which restricts the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Namibian Constitution, authorizes interference in the right to privacy of the family, letter or communication of any person, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 2 of the Criminal Procedure Code of 1977, and authorizes access to any premises or search for any person.
Accordingly, the net amount of 332 claims resolved in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted to USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
