Allow me to stress that we will continue to cooperate with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the COP 7 had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings for the period 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission the view that there was reasonable grounds for believing that any State, in particular the colonial and other non-independent Territories, had a consistent pattern of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation policies.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These generally include the use of the detailed land cover database prepared by the LCCS system and the data base of support gathered together with the dynamic map of maps.
The joint launch unit of the Earth Observation System is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Science Council (Science Council).
A study of 77 medical programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of the beneficiaries used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to admit that Mr. Wang was suffering from mental illness.
Once the suspect is prosecuted, any material confirming its guilt (e.g. that the defendant voluntarily makes a confession) must be carefully examined and then accepted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in the Falun Gong exercise.
A copy of the present comment will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevarra does not have the arbitrary nature of the various principles that the Working Group may apply in the consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to that end under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of improving the health awareness of individuals, particularly armed forces.
China welcomes the fact that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has adopted a series of positive measures in the area of the revision of the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with the relevant Council resolutions.
During its regular session 2003, the Commission received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, in which the Government of the United States of America alleged that the Indian Movement “Tuai Amaru” had violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the measures, as appropriate, should be taken to ensure the protection of the interests of the patient.
31 HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that it was inappropriate to allow the process of deciding on the matter in the total number of creditors that were not representative.
The Staff College further uses information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of employees at the College was 37 specialized.
IMO publication performance 45
Office of the Director-General
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other agencies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to accept these organizations, in accordance with article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to the action taken by the COP.
Statements were made by representatives of 10 States parties, one of them speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of them, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observers in the intersessional workshops.
Following the arrival of the Trial Chamber's judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zorantić and Milojica Kos were filed.
My delegation is indeed very pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
States parties to the Inter-American Organization undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the following compensation should be awarded for the work performed by the claimants: compensation for the amount of USD 8,439; compensation for invoices Nos. 26/90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/90/495; award of USD 611,071; invoices Nos. 15/90/234 and 1690/282/290; and award of compensation for the work of the claimant; and award of $102/890; and 207/490;20; 2090; and 2090; and 2090; and 2090; and 2090; and 207/493/473/473/490; and 207/490; and 207/490.
Annex I
Mr. Steiner (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
To compensate for the inherent shortcomings of the Tribunals, the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
While we are convinced that the search for compromise should not be linked to the important international treaties such as the Rome Statute, we continue to believe that members of the Council must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards finding a solution acceptable to all.
At its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly adopted resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, confirming the international community's strong support for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for an immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations comes from various multilateral documents, and I would like to recall some of those documents today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs for rental of vehicles and premises and access to security, which are an important source of income for all factions in Somalia.
All attempts to manage the Somali fishing sites have resulted in large amounts of funds falling into the private hands of the various factions, with millions of dollars over the last 10 years, making self-help and providing them with a certain measure of the private population.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge of the purpose of assisting or assisting in the planning, facilitation or carrying out of an act, it shall be punishable under specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation has been carried out on the basis of the actions of the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: realizing universal society in the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, between 155 and 08 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off the al-Hamra river area, then flying to the area of al-Qa`idah and then departed Lebanese airspace over the sea off Damur.
- Adoption of the Constitution in a referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Prior to 1988, the University of Myanmar and the College were unable to grant a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remain incomplete and cannot adequately address the increasing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, the tariff ceiling for developing countries is still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(Nairobi, Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
The highest unemployment rate is the highest for men and women, regardless of the age of 20-24.
Samoa's geographical presence and its sound communication and transport system have made it easier for centralized services.
In addition, health-care services should focus on the “health” concept and actively promote the use of health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation shows women entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage has changed, and the age of marriage is particularly late in 1991, the age of 24 in 1993, and the men are aged 31 and 27 years.
Calvert Faamoa K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must strictly abide by the provisions of the resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the transfer of authority process will help to establish criteria that are indispensable for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures discussed in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
The high-wage rate may have an effect on track to reduce the number of sites.
In its resolution 57/1088 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continued to implement its detailed programme of work, including in all its previous relevant resolutions, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System database on the Question of Palestine, the production and dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of Palestine, and the training programmes for staff of training programmes for the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States moved depleted uranium to the South Korea from its Okinawa base to carry out a real war deployment, and the United States, on 8 June, issued a midterm report to re-evaluate the “United States-American approach to defence cooperation”.
Considering that promoting respect for the obligations enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and other international law instruments and rules is one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to accede to the multilateral treaties on disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
The drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
But they are constrained by the lack of current appropriate indicators.
With regard to the mapping of drought-sensitive images in a State or region, we are biased in the second approach, but there is a need for serious research.
Mandate 1.4: Assistance in the compilation of online desertification terminology ( Coordinator: Debicki)
Selective members for WHO
In addition, some participants stressed that human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment had a cross-cutting nature, and that they should be recognized as crucial to achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers that have been sent to Central Asia must be kept in the port of transit and then in the ship to ensure that there are no prohibited items in place, as concerns about the re-entry of goods.
The second can be considered directly by individuals (as previously related to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) Any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the area of work, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic harm.
Salary salaries
Summary prepared by Stefan Kröl
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Hanseas Union; 14 Sch 11/98 (9 September 1998)
In both categories, however, this expression must be voluntary; this does not fall within the definition of the topic (more than its scope) and falls within the legal system applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also the existence of a diverse model of democratic political systems and free and fair elections in the world, based on specific national and regional contexts,
An example stated that the contract period had been extended by mutual agreement without formal extension of the contract.
With regard to interest, the Panel cites paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
In the same way as the payment conditions for the two contracts entered into in SEPL, each contract is paid in part to Iraq and the rest in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, value of property or the existence of property before 2 August 1990.
Recommendations
Facts and contentions
The personal employment contract provides that Mongomery is obliged to pay the travel expenses of each employee from Kuwait at the end of the employment period, Mongomery said that each employee has a no date of return to air.
The suicide machine of heroin is still operating in full speed.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and drug trafficking in Afghanistan, it must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant goals and tools.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study show that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
The recent two missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003; MONUC sent from 3 to 4 February 2003 a number of serious human rights violations, including gang rape women, extrajudicial executions, pillaging and burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been dealt with by the Rapid Response Return Facility, a joint project for UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide shelter reconstruction assistance to individuals who return.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri to the Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract foreign investment because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional resources to increase the level of school attendance, particularly female schoolchildren, and provide informal education.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building process and a range of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support for special hardship families
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster began, we will undertake the identification and verification of the identity of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work in a more coherent and comprehensive manner to achieve common objectives, such as the formation of integrated commissions by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agreed to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Ministry of Social Development of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works on women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as published in Act 55-97.
(a) Strengthening intelligence exchange, in particular with regard to terrorist, terrorist organizations and sources and other information needed;
Concerned also about corruption's links with other forms of crime, in particular economic crime, including organized crime and money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that in any case the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, scheduled for 30 June 2003 to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that not all heads, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that the implementation of regions is inconsistent and does not have mechanisms to monitor and evaluate implementation.
Children with disabilities
In close cooperation with ILO's International Programme for the Elimination of Child Labour, ensuring the implementation and strengthening of all domestic and international legal protection for children in this regard; strengthening efforts to reduce the number of children working in both formal and informal sectors, with particular emphasis on children; making every effort, including preventive measures, to ensure that children working in accordance with international standards do not obtain appropriate wages and other benefits of work, and to continue to receive formal education on the Convention on the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour (art.
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account and incorporate article 3 of the Convention fully into legislation and practice in the area of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Act (1998), which introduced and promotes the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the replies submitted (95 out of 104 replies) reported that persons with disabilities were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
There is a recurrent repetition of the promises that could be assisted in this process, but as was done in other promises made in the Hall, they have shown nothing more than rhetoric.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundations of the noble task of maintaining peace must be broad and complex.
These factors are compounded by the increased demand for indoor heating and transport, which is one of the reasons for higher energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in greenhouse gas emissions by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors, as required by the guidelines.
An in-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (as at 31 March 2003) indicates that progress has been made in terms of better estimating the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and their inclusion in the prediction.
Norway stated that, in the long term, precipitation may increase or reduce by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties generally believe that the quality of data is acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite the increasing technical assistance provided, the requirements for direct United Nations observation of elections have been reduced.
Special emphasis will be on legal issues, logistics and issues related to the selection of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and the countries of the region the importance of progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on how to improve the protection of civilians in armed conflict is extremely appropriate.
It is true that, after all, he is committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always said that it is a matter of urgency that deserves to be discussed in depth.
Mr. Pfanzelter (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation's pleasure to see you presiding over this meeting.
The European Union strongly appreciates and fully endorses the commitment expressed by the Security Council to the protection of civilians agenda and establishing regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, despite the ultimate need for Afghan national institutions to address these issues, there is still a need for the full deployment of international security forces capable of creating the necessary security environment and trust that the Bonn process can naturally end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to express my appreciation to the parties for their political will.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I shall now briefly draw your attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Team, so that members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs in all countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in his delegation for their excellent efforts to gradually improve this key United Nations instrument in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the important steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, address humanitarian issues and address transparent and appropriate procedural matters.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I would like to refer to the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was part of the Netherlands' efforts to FMCT.
Languages used by the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is incompatible with international law and German law, and we regret that we cannot accept it.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to promote the peace process, and we actively evaluate the decision taken by the SADC Summit on the issue of profit, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme receives ISO 9002 certification; and three outputs are being applied for such certificates;
(a) Personal data required by law, regulations or other mandates; and
Ninety-six per cent of respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the last five years, and that 5 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices were only involved in international cooperation projects and 11 per cent indicated that they were only donor participants and 29 per cent of respondents indicated their participation as donors and recipients in international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal accession efforts to accede to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makhadm
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) The implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
Many countries of the African Group face transport problems, with freight expenditure from African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that,
Ms. Moratinino (San Marino): San Marino shares the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women as we have done in the Third Committee.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: There are representatives who wish to speak in explanation of vote on the resolutions that they have just adopted, and I give the floor to those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 attempts to cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently sent them to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in the area near the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the area of the Zone, remains limited.
However, the practice of contemporary international claims shows that certain organizations have been recognized as legal qualifications for all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has seriously affected the implementation of its strategy, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner for Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR has been able to use half of the resources necessary to maintain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 elected under articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at the meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
The vote in favour and the vote was equal to 126
If the Committee or the pre-session working group considered the insufficient information contained in the State party's report, additional information could be requested from the States concerned to indicate the duration of the submission of information.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and appointing special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Article 45
Procedure for determining admissibility of the complaint
Temporary vacancies 2011
Military leaders are not separated from these combatants, and they are integrated into the units that have just been transferred.
The three individuals were later beaten by José Zzma, who died in French.
The functions should continue to be exercised by the Office of Central Support Services, as determined by the review, but should be arranged in other areas of affairs of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry of the commencement of the transaction, and thereafter the transaction records related to the transaction.
However, since these translation services can be obtained at a much lower cost on the local market, the method of calculating the charges is not feasible.
2.12 The Pensions (Amendment) Act 2002
The package on “equality” is: a set of reference materials for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 The allocation in 2001 was funded by the Special Initiative for the Adult Programme for Living Poverty (SPIDAS).
The Act is an integral and integrated approach to all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, pay, promotion and vocational training.
Thus, the current right to adopt leave and the introduction of an optional eight weeks (non-payment) leave.
The following table shows the estimated amount allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of childcare sites funded by the appropriation.
The Department also provides funding for a voluntary organization aimed at reducing violence against male families in Ireland through a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenge them to recognize their own violence and to assume responsibility for the cessation of violence.
(b) The implementation of maternity leave with paid maternity or equivalent social benefits without loss of former work, annual or social benefits;
Article 18
The updated list will be communicated to the central body responsible for border control, irrespective of when the list is updated.
However, the outlook for 2003 continues to be affected by uncertainties that exist in the current global economy.
Although the education and health levels of the people themselves are a good goal, their impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the outstanding objectives of the environmental plan of action proposed by the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess progress in some of the environmental objectives listed in the plan.
ESCAP will hold the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology Applications in the river at its annual session in 2003.
Under Variant B, if the “data message” contains “electronic signature, it is appropriate to ... and equally reliable”, the request for signature can be met.
Until recently, WHO has collected data from two sources, including through national health surveys.
In accordance with other information received, the Board noted that this savings were a direct result of several overexpenditure and expenditure savings, including the acquisition of prefabricated facilities of $1,929,900, the alteration, renovation and construction of $6,292,200 for the acquisition of generators of $5,282,600, the cost overrun of sanitation and clean supplies of $3312,800 for public service, and the cost overrun of $132,000 for public service.
An assessment of the role of microcredit as an alternative to higher credit financing was undertaken.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals to the Trial Chamber's final decision and all interlocutory appeals arising from the above work.
In addition to the extremely worrying conflict, despite the good intentions and the adoption of resolutions in a variety of forums starting with the Millennium Summit, two major issues that the international community has yet to address.
Mr. Torzon (Togo) (spoke in French): We have valued our actions again this year and have identified steps that could be taken to give new life to our organizations.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, for his personal concerns regarding the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
16 In accordance with certain pre-defined criteria, an exceptional report can certainly be more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to consolidating and strengthening emergency preparedness and emergency mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order to identify, inter alia, effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting in mass exoduses of populations;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara, as stipulated in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been no significant change in the Organization's situation in the source of funds or other international non-governmental organizations affiliated with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has been responsible for the administrative responsibility of the “Small Island Development Programme”.
A variety of studies have been carried out to evaluate news reports from a gender-sensitive perspective and programmes of the mass media.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender issues are considered in the development of health-related programmes.
Education has once again become essential.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group plenary meeting
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets the fact that two important tax concessions (as a reward for the employment of persons with disabilities and a tribute to the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been cancelled.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that a Stabilization and Association Agreement would be signed in 2004 with the European Union.
We welcome the final efforts to achieve this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The full text of the draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
In this regard, the State party should take appropriate measures to make the public informed of the remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal safeguards, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian residents and other members of ethnic minorities are in fact subject to discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land ownership in indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous populations seeking environmental damage to traditional land.
The Committee stresses the State party's responsibility to provide assistance to “purchase tenants”, and recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to provide compensation and resettlement to affected families.
In order to give greater prominence to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report information on the review of cases of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review its laws with a view to defining the scope of the concept more clearly.
Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and has not submitted periodic reports, nor has no additional information on the situation in Bougainville requested by the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of population in its subsequent report, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of the report, and draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 on the self-identification of members of specific ethnic and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of submission and that the Committee's views on these reports should also be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would make a statement in that regard.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to publish, on the national website, national inventory information containing national inventory reports and the CRF, and to inform the secretariat of the exact web site on which these publications are posted online;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular through the inclusion of space science in the third Vision Plan of Malaysia, is a key area of activity based on knowledge.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the communications of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations to listen.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to any space launch vehicle project of its country to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account that such programmes could be used to conceal ballistic missile programmes;
The approach of the party is likely to be to attempt to divide an excellent, firm and determined commitment of the international community to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, the provision is for the travel of the Ombudsperson and its staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and office other equipment; supplies and materials; and the purchase of office automation equipment.
At its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003, the Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations.
As a result of the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the Security Council will increase the number of non-permanent members from 6 to 10.
Mr. Kazaki (Japan) resigned from the beginning of his life (Japan) until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considered this issue every two years in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as the coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its competence, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating the functions of each other.
The Kenya Family Planning Association was a voluntary non-governmental organization, established in 1962, a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Movement.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of your Government, which may identify and investigate financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban under your jurisdiction or individuals, groups, enterprises or entities associated with them.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations must also be sustained in order to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in the African region and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
Although 69 per cent of the responding States indicated that national policies provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of sex, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers to their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants living with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent by 50 per cent by 2010, ensuring that 80 per cent of pregnant women received antenatal care and were able to reduce mother-to-child transmission.
States need to develop strategies and establish and maintain institutional capacity for a long-term and effective response.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that the following new features are in the area of how to use evaluation of experiences generated at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Commission and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognition of WMO's responsibilities, the Executive Board of WMO agreed to set the WMO Space Programme as a priority.
New strategies are required to promote the availability and accessibility of data in order to benefit from the application of meteorological and research practitioners to address global environmental issues.
As the report of the Secretary-General indicates, significant progress has been made in implementing the United Nations mandate in East Timor.
These agencies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department of Disarmament), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) any other period of participation in any activity to be held in the performance of the medium-term contract of carriage, provided that loss, damage or delay occurred during the period of implementation of such activities.
The second alternative was chosen and the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/546, was that subparagraph (iv) (now paragraph (d) should be deleted in order to maintain the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier rather than any change in the provisions of the contract of carriage, since the latter required the parties to the contract to agree with the parties to the contract.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for appointing or replacing investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other countries that are experiencing this situation.
I would like to note four points.
UNIDO should focus on improving corporate social responsibility in the developing world, which could lead to tangible increases in productivity and sales; it should assist SMEs in developing countries in developing a clear, realistic approach to providing training and tools for SMEs to promote business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be made within seven days of receipt of the record or of the closure of the session (on the basis of the late).
With regard to documents that have not yet been issued, it is stated that the date of submission and issuance is estimated.
In order to create jobs and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO has been implementing international programmes to help countries develop plans of action for women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport at airports 6-970
He regretted that the meeting had not reached agreement on reducing agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, and that, once the resolution had been reached, it would bring about $500 million to poor or rich countries and would help to save 1.4 billion people around the world from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation and maximize the power of international cooperation to increase investment in the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination was being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the priorities of the Department of Forests was the implementation of the amended Forest Law (Law 97/01/17 of 8 August 1997), as well as the development and approval of strategic plans of action, including collaboration with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols, the establishment of national forest units to improve the management of natural heritage and protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level, to cooperate with States, taking into account the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including national-level agencies;
She also welcomed the joint ministerial statement issued following the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she emphasized the Ministers' corresponding measures on national drug control strategies and for achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
Complaint
She, like the other speaker, expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented, and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace of the implementation of the remaining recommendations.
There is also a need for further clarification on the recommendation that a number of final performance reports be prepared (para.
The delegation of the United States would like to see technical analysis by the Inspectors on the basis of this recommendation and would like to endorse the Advisory Committee's recommendation.
(b) The inclusion of users' groups in the development and implementation of management plans strategies under the common management system.
Other business
The Bureau will consist of five existing positions: Chairperson, Vice-Presidents and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of their gross national product as official development assistance, to alleviate the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to enable developing countries to participate in international economic and social development, to benefit from globalization and to narrow the gap between developed and developing countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened on a stable basis by granting observer status to the Community in the General Assembly to contribute to this goal, which would strengthen cooperation between the parties and enhance the capacity of both parties to secure world peace and regional security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to joining the Protocol.
The Comptroller has just reminded the attention of the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarifications during the informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains substantial information on the legal provisions that have entered into force since the last report, it lacks information on practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Reports and responses are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111 of the rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to conduct full investigations of the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish the responsible person against the complainant, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee of the steps it has taken to address the above observations within 90 days of the date of the communication.
He was seriously injured by his right as a result of his use of torture in his right to collapse.
4.11 With regard to Amnesty International's report of 3 July 2001 (see para. 28), the State party submits that, in the beginning of the report, it is clear that the report does not make a judgement on whether the complainant would be personally at risk because of the activities before his departure, because the organization could not initiate the necessary investigations.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the complainant is forced to return to the Sudan, in violation of its obligations under article 3 of the Convention, namely, that if there is substantial grounds for believing that a person would be in danger of being subjected to torture in another State, it should not be expelled or returned to that State.
The facts submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party considers that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons cannot prove systematic practice of torture.
The Council took note of the intention of the Contact Group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to submit its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of all aspects of insolvency law in this context.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its national position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks of the United States of America on 11 September 2001, expressed the view that it had been held in New York by the President of the United States, George Bush, and stressed the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from serious threats posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
The Security Council
On the other hand, the secured creditor first registered can protect itself by verifying whether possession of an encumbered asset in the event of a secured creditor to obtain its security right.
One alternative or complementary approach is to require the identification of the inclusion of the assignee in the list of persons in the notice registered with the secured creditor in order to avoid the situation of third-party creditors.
By limiting the level of information on the relationship between the parties concerned in the public record, the notice-based registration system strengthens the level of confidentiality of the relationship between persons and secured creditors.
However, by means of transfer of legal control over performance obligations owed to third-party secured creditors, it can also be done in a function equivalent to waiver of possession.
The consultants worked on the drafting of guidelines under the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the view of the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, that there is an urgent need to eliminate deprivation and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, women living in rural or remote communities, women with disabilities, girls, women with disabilities, elderly women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often targeted or particularly vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should commit themselves to establishing a global security environment for cooperation, mutual trust and ensure universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the dynamics of access, development and retention of nuclear weapons in some countries.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Summaryswire, 18 December 2002.
The information provided by Iraq was not thoroughly reviewed only during the present report.
Through negotiations for a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and States, the international community was recognized by the international community and reflected the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue on the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the items under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimate for 2003/04 includes the cost of introducing the proposal to replace 132 computers.
First session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol 14
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; Adoption of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; Adoption of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; Election of officers for replacement; Admission of observers; Organization of work, including sessions of the two subsidiary bodies; calendar of meetings of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol for the second session of the Conference of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; calendar of the Protocol for the Protocol for 2004-2008;
He noted that the least developed countries that had managed to diversify their exports and had moved to products and/or services had succeeded in reducing their level of poverty, demonstrating the link between a country's level of poverty and its capacity to diversify the production structure, and he stressed the importance of the export structure of a given country to its development efforts.
At its closing plenary on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened under the presidency of the Council.
European Community
Although some progress had been made last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the issues of concern that remained, while setting out the remaining mandate.
In 2003, more than 3 million people died from HIV/AIDS worldwide, estimated that 500 million people were infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and reached 4 million people worldwide.
Although the first HIV/AIDS pandemic was seen as a health issue, it was increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by such collaboration has contributed to the recognition that many factors related to women's status increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for Damage arising from acts not prohibited by international law
fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable justice system.
The events that occurred in January 2003 brought a tremendous burden on the newly emerging defence and police force in East Timor, resulting in procedural violations of the law and constitute violations of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the core strategy of the United Nations system to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) adopted in June 2002 and in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were integrated frameworks at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by States and development agencies to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) The UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 (Percentage of non-post objects of expenditure (including the recommendations of the Committee on posts and the implications of its recommendations on the computer replacement cycle) will lead to a reduction in the budget.
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for support to the Security Council be reviewed within the framework of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline these arrangements and, where appropriate, to integrate support capacities to improve the efficiency of activities and to make full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the current proposed recovery of information technology resources for the period 2002-2003 was $4800,600 (without recosting) compared to $113,800 for the expansion of resources (see paras. 108 to 113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had made recommendations in a proactive manner and had discussed meetings and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Human rights in paragraph 24
Resources growth includes the restoration of approximately $20 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights sector previously under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country's national AIDS programme and the refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moreover, in the case of terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica, or in the absence of a genuine application of the Penal Code, which provides for legal penalties for persons who create terrorist activities or international organizations.
In that connection, the Act intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code relating to illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, its legal status was established in accordance with Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973 and article 1 establishes that “the proper legal status of the Foundation is recognized as an exclusive entity of public interest to deploy fixed assets for education, charitable, cultural, scientific activities and all activities to promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to provide greater support for single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the battalion area and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 member States:
Review of work
In that connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the Special Committee's programme of work for 2004-2005 in accordance with the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to the decision of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made considerable progress in self-government.
It was pointed out that the economic situation in certain regions had resulted in increased immigration to the coca bush area, while in order to respond to drug law enforcement efforts, the illicit drug process had tended to move from rural to suburban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on the use of new features and substances used for drug injuries” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10) and sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of substance control;
Solomone Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• To permit access to all documents considered to be relevant to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, exchange between governmental organizations and implementing organizations, conference records and computer files) and to permit measures to be taken to conduct appropriate forensic analysis of such documents in the field or elsewhere (e.g. by way of release, photocopying).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 93/2000: Adrien Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuk et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Supreme Court of Zambia ruled that there was no reason for his continued detention.
3.2 The author also considers that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant is violated as criminal proceedings continue to be more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the Committee's request for the date of the execution of the author's son and the exact time for the State party to receive the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of his/her own, her daughter and Nunongs, the Committee, in the light of a consistent precedent, makes it necessary for the parties to present a compelling reason to send a communication on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister's appeal to the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the Court of Appeal had decided in “the extremely difficult case”, although the evidence was frank, and that there was an appropriate balance of conflicting factors.
The State party also adds that it is clear that the risk of a violation of article 7 must be tangible and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences of the imminent return of a person may be violated.
Communication No. 93/2000: Adrien Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuk et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
To that end, you have the right to submit a pension requirement under this Act.”
The military officers of the value of the region during the period 1990-1991 were Amarasinger, who had died shortly after a terrorist attack.
Thus, the State party provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of age discrimination legislation as a response to the findings of the author's case.
The Committee is not [the Committee] that the body authorized by the Convention to accept and consider the communication.
The facts as submitted by the author 3
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They pointed out that the State party did not contest those arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail in Cabal, but on 2 August 2001 it was placed on bail orders in appeal.
The detention of all remand prisoners in 1989 was constructed at Melbourne, but six weeks after the opening of the six-week-off were required to detain new detainees in Cobburg.
Subsequently, he and the other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education law (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act) prohibited the publication of textbooks in the secondary school.
3.8 The author adds that Norway's law on the right to acquire rights since ancient years is in itself a violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of the Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi people have been guaranteed through a mechanism of passage, in the absence of adequate grazing land in the reindeer area.
On 4 February 2000, the Commission reached an agreement on the recommendation of its respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was therefore impossible to see whether the Supreme Court had questioned the conclusion of 1897 of the Supreme Court in the case of Aursunden.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with the murder of Mr. M and his detention was held on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author states that the confirmation receipts by the PPA show that the date of the application for the delivery of the door to the Court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Tribunal found that the author had committed a crime and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment to bail and ordered him to pay 2,000 francs to the complainant.
The Tribunal has also failed to make a decision on this request, but in accordance with the State party, it has a reasonable expectation of success, since in domestic law, the fault is always linked to illegal administrative decisions, and the Government is subject to legal responsibility (the Administrative Court of Justice, 26 January 1973, Driant.
In that connection, the Court of Appeal expressed its satisfaction that “the author had no longer been able to consider the present position, such as the place of his victim in his life, because it had accepted the treatment of Clorazil drugs” and “If the author insisted that the possibility of recidivism and endangering society could be negligible”; “Clorazilosil” was very successful”.
The author drew attention to the Committee's decision in the case of Berry v. Jamaica (No. 3330/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994, and in the case of Gerffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
Safia and Bulgarian Electricity Company, International Permanent Court, Judgment, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The required substantive cooperation first requires Iraq to fulfil its obligation to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare goods and activities for destruction, or to produce evidence to promote a conclusion that there is no prohibited goods or activities.
Our own country has preferred nothing to be banned and, if the contrary, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
A clear example is Iraq's declaration on the subject of heavy explosives HMX, stating that some of the HMX of the IAEA was already provided to the cement plant as industrial mining by the end of 1998.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [the activities of the ad hoc expert group] [and continue to participate in the activities of [the ad hoc expert group] during the last [three]/two] days of meetings].
At present, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be areas with high-level risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated economic and social coordination, which is essential for the development of a whole individual.
If the State does not guarantee its right to survival, these communities will not be able to realize the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution.
There are also businesses that face popular protests and political resistance or take into account the cost of sustainable development that is central to human rights, preferring to stop the industry, eliminate projects or investments.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure can also be fully used to freeze funds related to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations without delay.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the relevant statement, credentials were received from 40 States, in accordance with rule 24 of the rules of procedure, by representatives of States Parties, namely Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Korea.
United Nations Children's Fund
Article 8, paragraph 3, (voluntary association and financial) of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act provides that foreigners and stateless persons may join non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone has the right to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and benefits derived from them;
Under the terms of the Fund, the project must be managed by women, which must be innovative and that other similar enterprises in the same area do not constitute competition.
The first class was opened in June 2001 by the Sinavia-Caribbean Cultural Management Training Platform (NBP) and the European Cultural Management Centre (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some of the electronic business processes that might be of interest to States (OECD) have been identified (in 2003) and have been defined in part:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between electronic commerce and technology censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the deliberations of the Commission.
The Chairman: The Committee will now take action on draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58 L.17, entitled “On disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: Treaty negotiations on FMCT
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required for its work.
Consideration of reports 23
There is no legislative provision that includes racist acts as crimes motivated by racist motivation, nor does it provide that the courts take into account the legislative provisions of racist motivation when deciding on these crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the strategy aimed at strengthening the right of Roma children to health services and to participate in education through health and education intermediaries and in a manner in which Roma languages are taught.
A special review of gender equality recommended the development of a policy on mainstreaming gender issues in the country and recommended that such a policy be piloted in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary care or in hospital emergency wards.
The Labour Code recognizes trade unions, multi-business unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary labour unions.
If a woman is sick after childbirth, the post-natal leave should be extended, and the specific time is extended to be determined by the department providing preventive or therapeutic medical care.
Following the opening, 800 telephone lines have carried out a number of tasks and actions and have been continuously evaluated to expand and improve.
In 2000, the FRE was also included in the compulsory reporting of the disease.
With this support and other forms of support and incentives, an increase of 278,611 registered students in the subsidized sector was shown to increase by 10 per cent.
These schools have also benefited from the focus of the country's assistance programme.
(Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of academic research communities in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the low level of school attendance, grade rates and graduation rates throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group of the General Assembly on the Follow-up to the United Nations to coordinate and coordinate the implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
The annual meeting of States Parties in November is being prepared.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building support from developing countries and LDCs in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the development policies and objectives of multilateral cooperation and human development and institutional development, and, in this regard, is committed to adopting appropriate regional or bilateral channels with other relevant intergovernmental organizations.
For the purposes of this Instrument,
A warning and dangerous sex education should be sent to affected communities as early as possible.
Most border checkpoints can use these information through satellite links.
The signing of this document by all parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations means the consent of the provisions of the present plan.
From 1990 to 1999 the index of primary school enrolment in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92, while the sex of secondary school enrolment rose from 0.75 to 0.89.
Such differences are not limited to a given age, but the evidence discussed in the present report covers only adults.
In developing countries, differences in health-care knowledge and behaviour are fundamental to the disparity in infant mortality.
e The data refer to students (in university students) and do not include students (the university students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as on the work of ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, provisional agenda and the final agenda, the list of supplementary items, the report of the Secretary-General on the organization of work of the General Assembly, the report of the General Committee on the status of documentation, and resolutions and decisions and decisions and decisions;
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the provision and editorial functions of reference information in order to minimize delays in the processing of documents.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolution adopted by the international community, which states the illegal nature of these acts, and calls upon Israel to withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities to refrain from doing so.
My delegation also wishes to thank the United Nations for its laudable actions to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on human society through coordinated efforts by the international community, and to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries in that process.
The Special Session on Children provides us not only with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990 but also to provide us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking in children and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and newborn mortality, and child malnutrition.
Millions of children continue to live in extreme poverty, 1 billion children, and more children are underrepresented; there are about 1.5 billion children undernourished in developing countries and about 1 million children under five years of age who die from preventable diseases per year, and in this context, how success has been achieved?
The plan of action is very comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at preventing, implementing and implementing, protecting and repatriation, repatriation and reintegration.
The staffing level required for 2003 is approved in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report of its delegation to the region.
Summary of the activities of the expert mission
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, and in this regard stresses the importance of expanding the international decision-making base on development issues, filling the gaps in organizational institutions, strengthening the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of increased and stronger participation of developing countries and countries with economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this issue at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the violence, racism, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance against migrants in different parts of the world, in particular women and children,
Recommendations
In addition, contacts are becoming more closely linked, and there are currently more goods trans-shipment companies seeking to establish joint relationships with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 part III of the Penal Code provides that criminal legislation in the Republic of Tajikistan is effective in the case of the Republic of Tajikistan, irrespective of the law of the place of crime, as long as the conduct of an aircraft or ships flying the territory of the Republic of Tajikistan is committed and is clearly marked.
Does Tajikistan, as any relevant bilateral treaty of the State party, apply the offences set out in international conventions and protocols as extraditable?
15.20 The Executive Guidance and Management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, which includes the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio Arias Ambassador Permanent Representative
The investments requested may include specialized and specific assets, resulting in the cost of replacement and the expansion of transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
Slovenia's legislation imposes on all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence and private security companies, to cooperate in combating kidnapping.
Members called upon both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
Given the overlapping of financial oversight functions in the Department of Operations and Finance Division, there is a need to increase the level of coordination among the two intersectoral divisions.
Given that the family had a sound machine, it was important that it could use women in the family, and that statistics on the use of audio-visual machines by sex would also be available.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
In fact, the disagreement was one of the objectives sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because I can say that any decisions taken by the people of Iraq are acceptable to Turkey as long as they are based on democratic means, through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that even the latest measures proposed at the end of the 1990s may also be less than the Kyoto target.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue has essentially enriched the common understanding of human rights and affirms that international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture can bring important benefits;
The general debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibility and circumstances of those commonly known as “non-State actors” should be reviewed.
However, some delegations expressed the view that special treatment should be allowed for those who agreed to provide assistance in determining the truth.
By contrast, in 2000 16 countries made indicative pledges in 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will soon come under the concrete efforts of the Commission and other multilateral frameworks, to cooperate fully, particularly through the full political will shown in the capital around the world and to demonstrate national priorities.
Secondly, the media have widely reported that the report of the Monitoring Group contains a worrying fact that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As soon as the discussion of a given item was completed, the next item would be immediately discussed if time allowed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meeting of the seminar should be held in public, but the President concluded that private meetings must be held in exceptional circumstances.
It is clear that there is no real lasting peace in the Middle East without addressing the Israeli relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on the positive development and participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. Vassilakis (Bulgaria): First of all, I would like to thank you, Sir, for having organized this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us the opportunity to listen to Ambassador Permanent Representative, Ambassador Brand and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Using best medical findings to improve treatment programmes and to undertake careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by insurance premiums for field staff, related contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes 8
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to identify the best staffing requirements for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the evolving workload of the missions.
d In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total assessed contributions for the period ended 30 June 2001 amount to $18,068,667 in order to reduce the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
In order to commemorate the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working conference focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for its strong work in close coordination in that regard, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support the reform of the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge of 2002 is to consolidate the fragile foundations of peace.
In addition, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear-weapon States, as well as the nuclear-weapon States, is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Commission, I expect full cooperation from delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of forests, resulting in increased deforestation.
In September 1994, the Special Rapporteur visited the area in September 1994 as a result of the receipt of complaints by mercenaries of different nationality from the various fronts, recognizing the seriousness of the conflict.
The second expert meeting discussed the legal definition of mercenaries, as well as the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict observance of the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposal for Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will notify the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If a further 30 per cent of the investment group has cooperated with a total of 50 per cent of the risk, approximately 25 per cent of the project costs are paid by project sponsors or beneficiaries, then the investment value of $2 billion could be higher than $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991 on the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Hazardous Wastes and their Transboundary Movement in Africa;
In the Ministerial Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), the secretariat has contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “Improving the Challenges and Opportunities of Transport System and Economic Development in Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8), and provided additional details on trade and trade negotiations.
Both secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with WTO regional workshops on trade and environment.
These items or materials have a high value, or have a superficial nature (“property Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite and rid the world of the chain of poverty of humanity.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, regardless of size, comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As we in the debtor, it will always be in sugar?
We firmly believe that these modest reforms will make the interests more concerned about the deliberations of the General Assembly, and that this will also contribute to the full debate on the key issues that can be more easily implemented.
2003/3 Programme and Budget, 2004-2005
Referring to General Assembly resolution 56/22 of 24 December 2001, the Secretary-General was called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular in developing countries and in particular LDCs, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities were not repeated with other United Nations activities aimed at supporting LDCs, landlocked developing countries and small island developing countries.
Iraq now has a Governing Council, a body that is truly representative in the country.
Both have identified the path to peace and all people have access to the day of peace.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is a proud United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism lies in the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The Korean political system is a hybrid presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system and is different from the purely presidential system.
In general, violations of human rights and compensation for this respect have two situations.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Mission's Ituri brigade consists of 4,800 military personnel authorized, including four battalions and auxiliary units.
MONUC has taken several actions since then to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some suspected traffickers.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identifies, inter alia, a number of matters requiring action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “to take best practices” with the words “to take best practices in implementing the results of the annual programme impact review of the Department”.
In the objective, replace the words “in accordance with the Millennium Declaration as a guide” with the words “to guide the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education at the regional and national levels, in coordination with OHCHR;
Discrimination against persons who have completed their sentences
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including its resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
System suppliers, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure the safe, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and setting systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical conference on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility to identify what strategic approaches could strengthen the participatory process of national forest programmes and establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve lasting and lasting peace.
He took note of the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, the training activities organized by OHCHR in accordance with technical cooperation programmes and the preliminary measures taken to strengthen the role of civil society in the southern Sudan under rebel domination.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lufia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-91973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In this process, dialogue and consultation must be held with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, Cyprus, on behalf of Kenya1 and Yemen,1 introduced a draft decision entitled “Implementation of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued to debate the annual declaration and prior notice of the launch of ballistic missile and space launch rockets.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to provide curricula for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia described the importance of judicial justice in the most difficult process to achieve national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly will need to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorist matters, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As for the Tribunal, the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization will be conducted in accordance with the request for the United Nations Headquarters on behalf of it.
(b) To promote dialogue with major groups, including women, youth, indigenous people, business, trade unions, scientific communities, farmers and non-governmental organizations, as described in Agenda 21, and to promote the participation of these groups in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision makers has been supported to take into account the social issues of water, energy and the environment in their policies and plans.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents, in a timely manner, at the request of the concerned Member States.
The International Association for Voluntary Work also has a voluntary liaison representative, who will attend all press conferences convened by the United Nations for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Institute for Voluntary Work and communications on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government that would be strictly followed and evaluated.
Ms. Rodríguez Hooen (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed on behalf of counter-terrorism and that combating terrorism was becoming a pretext for the torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, the ECOWAS forces and the French forces observed armed elements seeking to pass the ceasefire line, as well as the consequent serious consequences.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 27.2 per cent of friends: 0.2 per cent of the same work: 17.8 per cent in relation to work: 24.7 per cent of people (to read short information): 25.0 per cent are living: 1.7 per cent in other: 0.1 per cent.
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons as a group are not vulnerable, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the material, social and economic environment that they are unable to control, thereby increasing their risk.
Different groups specifically expressed their common concern, but they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprive them of their voice and rights.
There are no families who have been exposed to household costs and income from medical services to members of infected families.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles fully review the responsibility of international organizations from the standpoint of international law.
The Commission had rightly maintained an appropriate balance between international organizations and, even in the context of the possible excessive limitation of the scope of the draft articles.
Fifty-seventh session
The primary responsibility of the State for the protection of refugees and other persons under the responsibility of UNHCR; the core of UNHCR's right to international protection is the protection of refugees and other persons under responsibility; UNHCR needs to exercise international protection in a more coordinated manner when States are temporarily reluctant to or unable to exercise international protection competence; UNHCR must ensure that the identity of registered beneficiaries is a very useful way to provide protection and assistance to beneficiaries and to address their problems; and, inter alia, to strengthen systematic activities to promote a durable solutions.
Taking into account the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies, I would like to re-evaluate the status of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with Chad on democracy and justice and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision must be taken in the design of super-priority for the purchase of goods, whether such priority should be accorded only to the seller of the goods, or also to banks and other lenders that finance the purchase of goods.
The benefits of determining such priority claims could be the promotion of social objectives.
For creditors, clarity and results can be expected and effective identification and identification mechanisms in the provision of credit, as are equally important for the priority rules themselves.
General Assembly resolutions
The most common signatory is the Chairperson of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, there is a need for a large number of human and sophisticated inspection equipment for all goods entering Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, while most countries in the region do not have such personnel.
The most busy airports in Somalia are Hargeisa, an average of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of cargo per month.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (Agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed, in principle, to provide support to the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the voting, and she said that it was true for delegations to come together to change the thrust of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as “the `discriminatory' of performance refers to the different treatment accorded to different persons, which is entirely or primarily dependent on their respective ethnic, origin, political opinion, colour, creed or sex, which is subject to various restrictions or restrictions, while the other group of persons is entitled to enjoy the privileges or immunities of the former.
Persons with disabilities have the right to equal access to these services without discrimination and equality.
The placement services are provided by the company headquarters and the regional service centre (including the Gorian-based service centre).
In view of the different rules applicable to each category, the Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “children” and “mouth”.
As of October 2000, there were 323 children living in the care facilities, of whom 173 were boys and 150 girls.
The list of cases is classified according to the location of the home, with a total of 68 such areas.
The hidden glasses can be provided only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies follow-up examinations at the antenatal clinics in the maternity hospital.
In view of the small size of the Maltese Islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A programme of mentors and part of support were also provided to provide for students' services.
Malta favoured the idea of culture as an expression of broad personal, social and economic values.
These creative activities are considered as a basic activity to ensure national sustainable development, as they have the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Housing Authority issued rent and sale orders
Despite the significant efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to hamper the achievement of sustainable development in African societies.
In particular, I would like to refer to the transfer of financial, debt, market access and technology and experience.
In the development of the country, the importance of trade cannot be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of recognized associations.
It is important to reaffirm the right of all persons with disabilities to be protected, without discrimination, to enjoy full and equal enjoyment of human rights and to “any violation of the fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination or other adverse treatment of persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities, which is a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the Informal Document of the Law of the two States in favour of the conclusion of a comprehensive convention, namely, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes on the one hand, and the attempt to regulate other forms of cloning, namely, the choice of States parties to the future or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, or through domestic legislation.
C. Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, and without objection, I shall invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council at the appropriate time.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of Iraq's problems.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have consistently called on humanitarian agencies to follow up on the projected crisis.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, as well as aggressive secessionist is often wrong and poses a threat to international regimes.
This month marks a two-year and half of the crises in Israel and the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — a insecurity, a two-year and a half years of political impasse and economic devastation.
My delegation therefore will make the greatest contribution to the sustained efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who struggle for justice, such as the ban on Vieques, or for national independence, were persecuted.
He would clarify and elaborate further on the approach and the need to integrate the human rights needs.
These extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The situation of employment and unemployment in almost all countries of the region has deteriorated, despite the fact that, to date, the situation is most acute in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, as these countries have a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
There is no such strict distinction that it is easy to bring policy conclusions in the context of discussions on scientific facts.
The earmarked organizational and external resources are the main source of funding for most assessments.
The results were an equally important process of scientific policy with the data collection process (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/Marine Assessment/reports/Iceland-proposal.doc).
The Security Council: www.un.org/sc/presidency
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions on domestic regulations.
Case studies of Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to present annually to troop contributors on this issue.
In response to the question, see responses to subparagraph 2 (a) and (b).
The camp and placement sites were infiltrated by armed elements, and refugees were prevented, inaccessible or forced to return and were denied access to effective asylum procedures.
In addition, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum meeting on special arrangements, which would be a central theme of the Forum's meeting.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remains controversial.
On 23 July, an attack was fired at United Nations aircraft in Balart.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicates that the Government and non-governmental organizations of Brazil participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
The students are most interested in religious textbooks and science and mathematics are not welcome.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends compensation in respect of this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and welcomes the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Follow-up to and coordination of the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenge of the Valencia is: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, the resulting changes in the productivity, growth and mortality rate of fish stocks; (ii) POPs and heavy metals gathered in the Arctic environment, although their sources are scattered over several decades; (iii) the importance of industrial development and the conservation of fish stocks and the protection of clean environmental environment in Western Asia; and (iv)
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping, and the effects of climate change posed a real and sustained threat to the Arctic marine ecosystem.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue its partnership with local, national and regional broadcasters to bring the United Nations voice to every corner of the world;
The programme agreed with the other findings of global entrepreneurship monitoring, i.e. the need for entrepreneurs to support finding and seizing business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, University of Lyon
Mr. Yves Regez, Swiss Lausanne du Monde
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitmit (Romania): As this is the first time we have made a statement during the current session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the modalities for verification, an integrated approach and a focused approach had been proposed and had been widely discussed.
Since 1987, a total of 2,545 Palestinian homes have been demolished in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) as a result of the failure to obtain pre-construction permits, resulting in 160,700 Palestinians who lost their homes.
There are currently about 100 loans from its dedicated investment project portfolio, which exceeds $5 million, while $3 million is used for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The occupied Palestinian territories will utilize and build on the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall Dowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over 1 million students received scholarships from Eastern European, Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China during the same period.
According to the 1995 Census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of the population aged 15 and above completed the primary secondary school industry, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 homes, from 12 to 18 in the district hospital from 96 to 131, and the number of health centres has increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also work together with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative ways to provide counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
The same curriculum for men and women is the same as the children who are working in football, sludge, haemorrhage and other similar collective campaigns.
Indigenous youth have already taken note of the experience of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey, as an observer for the first meeting of States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, declared its intention to accede to the Convention for the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates also serve as a catalyst for defining and clarifying the different aspects of the issue.
However, everyone knows that if terrorists obtain weapons of mass destruction, they can cause harm.
We are convinced that we are just beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts made by the Secretary-General in modernizing the human rights treaty system, in particular with regard to reporting requirements, which create an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating accounts for different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political — military issues”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the main legal system type.
In the first phase of the work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had enacted legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373; they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the 2003 report of the Economic and Social Council;
The oversight mechanism of the initiative includes the steering group of target countries, donors and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in all countries is becoming increasingly important, first and foremost as a factor in promoting and implementing these objectives, and secondly as a indicator of social and economic sustainability in society.
In order to make progress, we need a frank and frank dialogue and a concrete proposal is needed.
Mr. Taravra (Fiji): On behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum: Australia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Fiji.
The discussions of individual committees in a way from the bottom and from the bottom-up approach could also play an important role.
She was said to have submitted a proposal to the Congress's fund-raising subcommittee and the Senate's Financial Committee to amend article 956 of the domestic tax law, and it was important that the Federal Government decide to eliminate article 36 of the tax laws previously imposed by most tax exemptions.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered that the recommendations of the report were acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the barriers to access data from atmospheric and hydrological networks at the global data centre, the SBSTA invited the GCOS secretariat to prepare, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address them to be submitted to the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in purchasing crude oil from Kazakhstan and signed an agreement with that country in 1998, allowing a Chinese company to participate in the oil resources development of Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than in Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on Free Access to Information provides for conditions relating to the right to free access to information and sets basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
WFP/FAO recently reported that the reconstruction works had increased by 12 per cent in 2003, partly offset by a sharp decline in maize due to the drought of last year.
Integrated child disease management programme implemented by the Ministry of Health on a health strategy for children aged five years.
The visit by the President of Timor-Leste to the UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit by the Director General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste had strengthened cooperation in various fields of education and science.
Legislation based on the policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen the capacity of national police and public administration, fully respecting the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision resumed the use of the wording used in the Secretariat's proposal (previously variant 1 (4) (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74, and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para. 51).
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China had not been present at this meeting as an important signal, and he urged all Member States opposing the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
As the increase in the experience of using the Procurement cards and the use of PayiNet software, this limit has increased to $2,500 from all of the card transactions.
The Comptroller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken to restore stability in Iraq as soon as possible.
The development of sustainable, unreported and unregulated energy is a key element in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Long-term cooperation and exchange of students and teachers with other schools have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is reserved for administrative management of ODS.
Conclusions and recommendations 3
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
International organizations related to the programme generally believe that statistics are a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action developed in June this year, the European Union has decided to concentrate its efforts on implementing a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively engaged in the Conference on Disarmament in seeking consensus in order to negotiate a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position to achieve the above objectives can be summarized as encouraging the elimination of nuclear threats in the Middle East, firmly upholding the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, proposing practical measures to reduce tension, build trust, control of all arms races in the Middle East, and accession by all States in the Middle East to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to all nuclear facilities in the Middle East; strengthening intelligence cooperation and confidence-building measures between States and States of arms exporting States of the region of the Middle East region and States of States of States of the region of States of States of the region of States of States of States in the region and States of the region of States of States of the region of the region of the region of the region in the States of the region of the region of States of the region of the Treaty or States of States of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the Treaty on arms in the region of the region of the region of the region of the Middle East and States of the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of States of States of the region to refrains States of the region of the region of the
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and, in this context, reiterates the call of President Olusegun Obasanjo, which calls upon the international community to work towards the conclusion of legally binding international instruments to regulate such weapons to non-State actors during the general debate of the two weeks ago.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “reporting” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about the violence and discrimination resulting from the religious intolerance of many women,
Such an analysis must require the direct involvement of relevant agencies and programmes.
The Division should update existing publications or produce the necessary new publications as a result of the discovery of specific deficiencies in the publication programme.
Such an approach could not be seen as a reform, but could only be regarded as the elimination of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and the marginalization of the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre for Science and Technology as necessary.
(a) Legal representatives of matters relating to the CST should be held and should be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has committed itself to contributing to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the conflict area and has participated in a number of meetings to that end since 1952.
Like many countries of our continent, Ethiopia has suffered for a long time because of conflict and war and its consequences, and in this regard it may be more suffering than other countries.
It was reported that the project against the abduction of children was another important activity undertaken by UNICEF in the Sudan in conjunction with the Office of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children.
The Committee took note of section 3 ( Political affairs) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed that the programme managers of the section must comply with regulation 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform goals, let alone promote peace goals in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy, adopted in July 2000, provides for active action to increase the representation of women in government legislative and executive bodies and political parties at all levels.
Source: Performance assessment and analysis 2001
14.5 Women and Family Planning in rural areas
In June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated its support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolution affirms the importance of ending the Israeli occupation of Arab territories, which must empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
In my previous report, the regulatory practices that I have found remain unchanged, namely, that aircraft often go to the off-shore sea and then entered into Lebanese airspace from the northern part of the UNIFIL war zone, thus preventing the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the master plan for the renovation of the premises should make it easier for access to the buildings.
The report also addresses trends in the range and methods of women married to married women in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has already established a set of firm commitment to the survival of humankind, the representative of Morocco notes with regret that more than 100 million people in the world continue to suffer from poverty and hunger, and that climate change has resulted in the stability of many countries, millions of children continue to suffer from tens of thousands of deaths due to the lack of drinking water and sanitation, and the gap between rich and poor, which is increasingly deep.
Other business
Recalling the resolve of Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing racist behaviour and exclusion of many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among all societies,
This trend confirms the declining trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission was prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate shows that, although progress has been made in the implementation of the Convention, there is still much room for addressing the main problems of the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salinity and the reduction of atmospheric acid salt pollution have increased.
By commemorating the World Day, countries could be re-established to support the Convention and to promote experience and knowledge-sharing.
The travel shall not be required to leave the home at night, if the journey is less than ten hours, not to pay the allowance, such as a 10-hour or more hours, to pay 40 per cent of the allowance.
Return grants
The work of this regional intergovernmental organization involves a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed the dispatch of a delegation to assist Mr. Arafat in his support of the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 244-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the number of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention to achieve the rights of women to participate in public life in all areas, in particular in the decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to encourage women and girls to take multiple educational options, mainly through advisory means, to help them fully develop their personal potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that recent changes in British Columbia have had a significant negative impact on women, particularly indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that “the governance law of indigenous peoples”, which is currently under discussion, does not deal with discriminatory laws still retained in other laws, including the issue of matrimonial property rights, identity and family affiliation.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in promoting the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is a co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund has established two awards, one “best reporting awards” for female journalists, and another “the most gender-sensitive” awards for male journalists or women journalists.
Research will be conducted in the field of media and peace, with particular attention to Latin America and the African region.
In December 2001, a meeting of international non-governmental organizations maintaining a formal relationship with UNESCO was adopted entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World”, in December 2002, in collaboration with UNESCO in the framework of the implementation of the Plan of Action, a project entitled “Missiles and a Culture of Peace” was launched with a view to finding an archaeological or emblem in local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation and to give greater attention to the concept of the local populations.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic features of all stages of the value chain.
In Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000, the Director of Finance participated in the Conference of Non-Governmental Organizations in ADB and the ADB, respectively.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of using a model for civil society to successfully rehabilitate prostitutes (especially taking into account their vulnerability to HIV infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, care should not be considered as the sole attributes of women and, in fact, should be the joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society.
The elimination of all nuclear and biological weapons in the world is a long-term goal of the United Nations.
The increased commitment to provide troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has assisted in post-conflict peacebuilding without deploying any military personnel.
China, Indonesia, which is essentially orbit and, therefore, the world's potential to be marked by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to save the voice of people through violent means and to undermine free consent and freedom of expression, which is the basis of all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order of our societies and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism and should be considered a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which had been considered by the Committee at its ninth meeting; see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which had been considered at the Committee's second meeting; the report on the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2, which had been considered by the Fourth Periodic Report; CEDAW/C/K/44.
The law also provides that the Committee on Learning and Skills should give due consideration to the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as persons with disabilities.
The Government's other measures to promote women's role in the field of science and technology: “Menafelder's review”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the field of science and technology and highlighting the achievements and contributions of women in the field of science and technology.
Two members of the two General Assembly members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union were also Vice-Presidents of the General Assembly, who had two of the four Ministers had been women before the suspension of 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (Section 10, pp. 9-10).
Specifically, the Government has proposed a plan of action to address the low rates of rape and conviction.
This document takes into account the comments made in 1998 on the plan of action for consultation, provides a comprehensive note on violence against women and on how to stop such violence.
In cases where effective international and local contracts are required by the United Nations or regulatory authorities, or where such contracts are cost-effective, management may recommend that the United Nations terminate these contracts.
Actual progress has been made in the tripartite process, as set out in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the level of progress in the renegotiation, it is important to comply with the dates of 21 November in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiatives are matters of common interest and determination for all States Members of the United Nations.
This is to meet the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the current time, the consensus within the United Nations is that it is a preference for a non-permanent member of the Security Council that will support that approach.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairman by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important complementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the development of these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
The first part of the present budget has been stated that there is a need for more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which may also include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• Specific factual assumptions about the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Provide effective support to the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section in the preparation of legal submissions
The Office plans to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and to increase the third in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and monitoring their purposes from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance in order to ensure that field offices staff have regularly entered the court network.
By maintaining daily liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the principal office of the United Nations and other international organizations, the Chief of Security Officer also represent the security interests of the Court in international forums.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court, in accordance with its proactive exchange strategy, using different methods to provide a detailed interpretation of the principles, objectives and actions of the organization to target audiences and the public; to create a good working environment with highly knowledge-based employees; to establish an efficient public professional library and to provide information services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) Reminds the receiving services to the attention of the Secretariat to any matter which the Secretariat deems it necessary to require them to consider;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way for the Secretariat to provide resources.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign the Agreement within the week.
Discussions in the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected results, provided that Governments and international organizations implement Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development as a matter of priority.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up actions for internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) The Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I wish today to address this issue.
We call for the abolition of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Trade Organization, which undermines traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
In that connection, the Secretary-General has submitted recommendations (A/58/556) and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities undertaken by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources required for the implementation of its mandate and to better provide services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Commission of the original sponsors explained the background and objectives.
The law severely punished sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have finally completed their studies.
In addition, the Government and civil society have taken other actions:
- Changing the mindset, which continues to be derived from old ideas in the area of social culture, which have extended the pace of women's progress.
As some delegations pointed out, the 2002 troop costs were substantially higher than the reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment; because troop contributors could quickly and accurately calculate the number of troops assigned, while the contingent-owned equipment costs required more specific information to be reimbursed.
Some of the Advisory Committee's recommendations were considered to be directly dealt with by representatives of the Fifth Committee and troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia has therefore formally assumed the obligation to bring together the provisions of the European Union as a whole of its legislation, which has led to a comprehensive legal adjustment to gender equality in accordance with the criteria laid down in the European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons, adopted in 2000 and 2003, are detailed in article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries increased, according to a 1998 estimate of 3500,000 persons in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services in Zagreb, which continues to carry out its activities until the end of 2003, is the Youth Education for Reproductive Health and Overall Health, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly opposed the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principles of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
The view was expressed that the distinction made under the goods from their original means of transport seemed somewhat outdated.
One alternative proposal was that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the operation of the Aral Sea, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the mandate of the Coordinator following the submission of the report of the Secretary-General in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) address the issue of Iraq's return to all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq is urged to return the missing persons who remain alive to Kuwait or to find their remains and to return them to their families.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to identify the fate of the Sharik machine will continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman said that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC every success in strengthening the further work of the National Counter-Terrorism Alliance.
The means of promoting global markets themselves — improved communication, the use of the media, better traffic connectivity and faster international travel — have contributed to the development of global terrorist networks — a network of common hate information that seeks to achieve common objectives and destabilizing moral winds of mutilation and destruction, and thus to control civilized societies, in particular multiculturalism.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, the increase in posts has been delayed owing to budgetary constraints; it is not yet possible to continue to be deferred, and UNDP has a considerable impact on these functions.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, an element of the Secretary-General's reform.
The Division has also introduced organizational reforms at both the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat), where the Statistical and Tools Section and the Global Urban Watch Section has been merged into a Section and used the name of the latter.
The monitoring function has been expanded to include monitoring urban inequalities programmes in addition to existing urban indicators and GIS.
The themes of development capacity will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
PeopleSoft in 2007 may be introduced into new features.
What challenges are facing:
Given the fact that the National Committee usually provides contributions to other resources as a basis for funding regular resources, it will be possible to increase the capacity of regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to activities that may have a significant role to play in assisting in the preparation of the work.
The Mexico Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinated programmes based on collaboration with various units of the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, including immigration education programmes for Mexican children, youth and adults.
The Government of the Philippines has demonstrated that the failure to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers has failed to protect them from illegal practices related to highly profitable sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trends in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the establishment of basic knowledge on the causes and consequences of women in the current migration process so that information is available on the basis of decision-making.
The management and documentation of the Conference constituted a central link and fundamental aspect of the daily functioning of multilateral institutions in the world (see A/57/387, para. 100).
The Department of Conference, in consultation with the departments of the preparation of the document, has made efforts to find ways and means to prepare a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Integrating the human rights and gender perspective
According to the above table, RFMOs with regulatory powers in relation to the functions identified in article 10 of the Agreement, 34 do not provide a more limited level of power to fishing organizations that are often consulted in scientific matters, and these are complementary to the International Council of Marine Research (CICAD) as an advisory body for the North-East Fisheries Board, while the Forum may provide advice on the case of the CCP.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on the relevant or proposed international instruments
See, for example, decision II-10 of the Conference of States Parties ( Jakarta mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolutions on the establishment of the Permanent Secretariat of the International Criminal Court.
groundwater associated with terrestrial water may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and illicit use of drugs, in accordance with the international drug control system,
Iraq stated that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, as “the material had been sent and issued on 4 July 1990”, and that “the letter of credit was opened on 20 December 1989 and that delivery should be completed within three months”.
AOC claims compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “family temporary subsistence allowance”, which relates to compensation for employees who remain in North America during the period covered by the claim to be paid to the work of Saudi Arabia in order to compensate them for the necessary costs they maintain their residence in two places.
Chevron Research and KPC concluded an agreement to supply catalyst to each device prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KPC continued to work with Chron Research, following the signing of the first catalyst agreement in 1975, following the signing of the Chvron Research Agreement; KNPC has been able to issue all the catalyst for the purchase of each device, which was used by the Chronton T.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 755,287.
Chvron U.S.A. stated that before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait it paid a ship and mechanical insurance amount of USD 2,762,640 per year, was calculated at the rate of $10.3 million in the amount of $10 million per vessel value (accreditation U.S.A).
This case relates to the International Islamic charitable fund, which is headquartered in Vancouver and is organized on the list of the Commission.
The present document is submitted pursuant to the above-mentioned request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the following policies: the first or foremost of the use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or countries not association with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political council, as the only body for approving the use of nuclear weapons.
Since the High Commissioner, I have emphasized this, particularly in the context of the project profile.
Indeed, in many examples of countries, there is no rapid national development of poor countries, or a “greater” in rich countries, or they are being “lowing gaps” in terms of per capita income.
The Court must, in accordance with its competence, review the conformity of its application with the basic rights protected under the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the time required for the rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the mandate of the Security Council;
Request for consultants to provide specialized expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Advisory Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on the issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media in the area of climate change “as a general” (France), “the media do not clearly define the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden) or “the media have failed to play a role in disseminating ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed the importance of people's awareness and understanding of these issues, and it was important to know what needs to be addressed and what they could play in that process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
A fragile wetlands without treatment may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education was included in school curricula and/or school activities.
The latter's almost unanimous view is that there is no individual right without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only if these responsibilities can be defined in an appropriate manner at the international framework and at the national level, then there are certain forms and important benefits that they can have to acquire.
H.E. Mr. Ali Hammoud, Minister of Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as the United Nations political mission, the post-conflict peacebuilding office, or humanitarian missions, provided that “to declare a risk” (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We are also shocked by the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal Israeli construction of the expansionist wall in the occupied West Bank and in Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we wish to reiterate our grave concern about the continuing violence and the excessive use of force, which has resulted in enormous loss of life, material and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Thus, the Syrian banking system could not have suspicious transactions.
The President did not believe that “there was nothing in your transformation — you did not have anything, nor do you?” — “I have one” — What is?
One of his expertise is also that one of the expertise of the training battalion and the use of toxic agents.
The scope of the activities of Zakawe is not limited to this small corner in the north-east of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will certainly enable the Security Council to take important decisions to make decisions that the world's vision of greater responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the practice of employing children to harmful their health and development, to prevent them from attending school or to fulfil their responsibilities with regard to schools, or to the same extent as human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on the Minimum Age and Recommendation 146, Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and recommendation 190 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers to ensure that they and their families have an adequate standard of living.
Spain Antonio Niña García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Roso Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Españón, José María de las Castillo, José María de las Castillo, José María de las Castillo, José María de las Castillo, José María de las Castillo González Vuero, France, France, France.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labourović, Aleksandar Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Naji, introduced the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinator of regional groups, such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group, who was unable to attend).
Inter-sessional meetings of the Commission
They recommend that each treaty body take measures to improve the correctness of press releases.
President: History
The Computerization Division consists of one Professional and three General Service staff, responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in court.
Mexico therefore requires the Court to decide and declare:
Only in cases of pleadings and correspondence is being issued in accordance with the necessary conditions for the understanding of the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5788.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once the funds entered the banking system, even if the funds were deposited into the bank for purposes only abroad after they were obtained, the funds were likely to be found if they were diverted to illegal purposes such as financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general criteria, his delegation supported the further consideration of the proposed simplified system of job classification, and looked forward to the Commission's detailed report on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, as it had been decided by the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries, while developed countries provide support, in particular through assistance, trade and debt relief.
All claimants in the twenty-sixth instalment worked in Kuwait before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The verification and valuation of claims for uncollectible receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment claims was carried out in accordance with the methodology set out in paragraphs 21 to 2115 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the importance of a coordinated approach to extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence (see annex) jointly by the Indian Cultural Association of India and the Monite, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003.
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States are urged to ensure that all migrant workers and their families are protected,
The people of Estonia and myself, together with all the representatives present, have expressed deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello and others, who have been subjected to tragic murders.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively working with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of items damaged.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, it has cooperated with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Association for Air Transport (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Association of Air Traffic Movement (IAA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCA), the International Association of All Aircraft and Operators (IAFIA).
English and French are working languages, but some forums, including meetings, also use other languages, such as Spanish.
The first lender, or the seller of the goods, who have continued to be associated with the debtor and its operations, and may give rise to new or providing trade credit in order to increase the likelihood of recovery of their existing claims, perhaps to obtain value through increased interest rates for new loans.
There are some laws applying a default rule that the insolvency representative does not act within a specified period that would lead to a contract as a result of rejection or non-implementation.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or in certain jurisdictions, either a company or other separate legal entity.
(ii) Any other matter that may be entrusted by creditors to the insolvency representative or by the court.
As mentioned above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to provide a confidential obligation for both the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor who presided over the work;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards are taken, there may be a delay in the application of requests for recourse to the law in other laws to prevent the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons.
The creditor's failure to submit a claim before the final report and accounting, depending on the other provisions of the insolvency law, may draw different results.
If the claims raised in the proceedings are considered outside the insolvency proceedings, such claims are usually within the nature of the claim and are temporarily recognized in a given category prior to the dispute settlement (subject to the application of the stay measures, see chapter II.3 (a) and 8).
The insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of some professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken by many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative shall convene a meeting of creditors and present the accounts after the changes and distribution of assets.
The threat of attack against a very rule has also become a normal aspect of the daily lives of Israel.
We have not yet seen any practical steps to that end by Israel.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I associate myself with the views of other members of the Conference that we all pledge to resolve East Asia through dialogue and peaceful means.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to hold worship or gatherings of religion or belief and to establish and maintain a place for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall orientation of programme 7 and the note by subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and the addition of a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on the rights of children, the General Assembly continued to stress the need for mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes related to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the Chairman, statements of two persons were informally distributed to Council members.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are in accordance with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999 the North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme a “first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana”.
In the context of bilateral dispute resolution, States arbitrarily quoted exceptions would undermine the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the exercise of diplomatic protection of companies.
Thirdly, after the orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to determine the reasons for unilateral acts or acts of States; States express or implicitly committed to effective standards, in particular, but not limited to the criteria relating to the competence of organs responsible for acts or conduct; the circumstances and conditions of unilateral commitments could be amended or withdrawn.
The Association works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict resolution and Peace Commission.
Currently, with the support of Ford Foundation, a project is being implemented to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovations.
There have been an increasing number of new Rotarys in various parts of the world and the fastest growing region are Brazil, Canada, Egypt, British, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Romania, Russian Federation, Switzerland, China, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of durable solutions to refugee problems.
In order to the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the Office of the Coffee, Vienna, the General Assembly Building, under the umbrella of the General Assembly, to chair an exhibition on family issues.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In that connection, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States, and to note that considerable progress has been made in enhancing the effectiveness of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan generated by the Conference will help to build further confidence and ensure that good security records in this regard continue.
With regard to the implementation of the plan of action proposed by the Director-General against nuclear terrorism, Mexico supports measures to improve physical security for all nuclear material.
However, the Agency's staff work daily on these and many other aspects in order to better and safer our world.
Natural persons have no place of business, depending on their habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of electronic signatures after the signature can be found; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the formulation of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition was not in the text of the instrument, and that the Guide to Enactment of the Instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be conducted in two stages.
8.4.5 In the case of the need to maintain dangerous goods, the provision of 6.3.3.3 shall be met.
“3. States should examine their infrastructure and determine their interdependence so as to strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, and at the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council on the same day, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 — Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8, entitled “Water for Life” [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134, indicates that young girls have provided them with the space they need to achieve themselves.
The proposed open-ended working group on commodities could be held from existing conference-servicing resources as a result of the cancellation of the scheduled meeting of the Main Committee of the General Assembly on 27 October.
In that regard, we note that in 2003 the Human Rights Development Report makes it clear that, if the situation cannot be improved quickly, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by two thirds of extreme poverty by 2147 years to 2147.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's recovery.
The producers of developing countries must overcome a number of obstacles in order to take advantage of the progressive growth market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission can promote the work of the Commission.
The murder of the responsible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens, and about forty-seventh injuries.
“With regard to the competence of time, the complainant found himself to be placed in a continuing situation, this situation is undoubtedly derived from the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (on 14 June 1955), but it has continued until the date of entry into force, as the deprivation concerned is `life'.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights often find more than one violation of a provision, and subsequently recommend a package of measures that may be disaggregated according to the above classification.
The State party has objected to admissibility on the ground that the conduct of the complaint is not carried out by State organs, but by the State party's Chamber of Commerce and Industry Insurance Commission, and in that regard the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party has appointed part of its functions to other self-government bodies in accordance with its obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has also dealt with the alleged discrimination in the loan market, as well as the personal use of humiliating languages,203 and access to public premises or access to public services.
v. the Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, e.g. communication No. 505/1992; Ackl v. Togo, 25 March 1996, vol. VIII, sect. I, para. 12; Communication No. 747/1997, Des Fouralode and Kammer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, vol. II, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school graduates was further trained at the University in order to become teachers and to provide managers of cooperatives to study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, by the Board of Auditors, Radio Bomom was reopened, a first case for the Tribunal's overthrow of the Administration over several years.
Commentary
The past year's events have led the nuclear non-proliferation regime to pressure on a multidimensional front and clearly demonstrated the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen the system.
It was agreed to provide $1 million and $500 million under this joint programme, and it was expected that the complementarity between capacity-building and lending operations, as well as between the United Nations and development finance agencies could be shown.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McMafari, presented a detailed study on this subject.
(d) Case of conflict;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, there is no longer a joint central administration, whether legally or in fact, sufficient to represent the whole Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leadership has repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political solution to the island.
Priorities in the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoring basic services and infrastructure; promoting human rights and local capacity-building; supporting refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, about 1 per cent of GDP growth in Djibouti was confirmed in 2001 that growth was 1.9 per cent and the 2002 outlook figure was also moving towards that direction.
Article 24 of Law 770/83 provides for the purpose of recruiting, acceding to or supporting illegal military organizations for the purpose of fighting, regardless of the form of armed or non-armed, with uniform or non-coated.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
So far, approximately 300 kilometres of fence have been built, leaving Palestinian terrorists not to cross into the murder of civilians from the Israeli population living centre.
Germany regretted the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
This wall has been marked by trenches, roads and fence with its parallel extension.
The European Union maintains close contacts with all parties concerned and stands ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to halting such acts by extremists.
“The addressee cannot reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to the specific information system.
Proposed new section
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there appears to be no measures to mainstream gender into government policies.
Deeply concerned about the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of countless innocent lives and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future mandates”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/58L.45 is that it is only the transparency of conventional weapons and the exclusion of weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had stressed the importance of national, regional and international policies and needed to coordinate activities of organizations and bodies responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
March 2003
There is currently being a consultant to the Diamond Ombudsman, a cross-border inspection adviser and airport reconnaissance adviser to assist the Sierra Leone Police in these critical areas.
In particular, children suffer from hardship and suffering from them from nightmare, ill-treatment, depression and sleep instability.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 would be merged with the reference to special priorities and insolvency.
governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and cycle of reviews, bearing in mind the importance of recognizing the active role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and related internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed that British citizenship be extended to citizens of overseas Territories, while requiring the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent $50 million on the construction of the road, most of which was financed by the Bank of Anguilla and the Caribbean Commercial Bank.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon States, the specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; invited relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide assistance to refugee students within their respective mandates; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipient and trustee for such special grants and scholarships and to send qualified candidates to the Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomes the recent publication of the Secretary-General's attention to the implementation of the Charter's report on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on a more limited number of issues, avoiding the decentralization of resources to other United Nations bodies, such as the Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Internal stability regimes
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult because mass exoduses are usually occurring in situations where national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF produced a copy of a book by Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipts issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e).
He took note of the fact that the President had not applied his earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure and hoped that the following statement would be recorded, namely, that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained identical to those provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and earlier by the President.
KFOR continues to provide, upon request, assistance to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and provide security assistance to support the police activities of UNMIK.
In saying that, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that the participation of major groups, including non-governmental organizations, in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure, as widely as possible, the objectives and objectives of Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including the dissemination of information networks of small island developing States, to encourage contributions and support for the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
Albania, Croatia and Macedonia, in accordance with the commitments made under the Charter of the States of Asunción, will bring them closer to the standards of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to jointly implement the various declarations that we have adopted in all its aspects — which have been very promising among our peoples who are extremely poor.
Our efforts to re-energize the economy urgently need to be complemented by new foreign direct investment, transfer of official development assistance, transfer of technology and increased cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally sad to learn that the members of the Security Council of Iraq, Ms. Amina Al-Bashir, died as a result of recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has the inherent limitations in dealing with the already identified proliferation.
The vision of Jean Moro and Robert Shman has led to the establishment of the European coal Community, which has subsequently been developed into an unprecedented multilateral integration body known as the European Union today.
The means of high pressure and deliberate behaviour continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Selection of application or choice
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be accessed through the national statistical web site (www.diie.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
On the other hand, we are evaluating the evidence gathered to date on each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran agreed with the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on strengthening support for South-South cooperation and raising awareness of the public about South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has made numerous communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, there are similar institutions in Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the draft revised draft decision (Job(03)/150/Rev.2), submitted to the Conference, continued consultations among WTO member States on the basis of the text.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
Major challenges are to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. In the case of those who use force, threaten the use of force or use of other hijacked aircraft or vessels, a sentence of 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on MOTAPM, and announced that it had become one of the co-sponsor of the proposal by Denmark and the United States on such mines.
Form of documents
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
It is a good beginning, yet to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, which will require a considerable amount of resources.
The number of internal conflicts has increased significantly over the past decade and the nature of armed conflict has changed significantly.
It is hoped that consultations within the United Nations system, not only within the framework of the report, but also within the relevant bodies and civil society, be held as widely as possible.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with particular regard to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions, following a proposal submitted by the Chair:
The FIU signed agreements and memorandums of understanding in order to exchange information on the investigation of financial networks with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• List of notes and items of the importing companies;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission experts held preliminary discussions with local leaders at UNMIK and central and municipal levels, beginning a process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from grass-roots sources.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Commission endorsed the recommendation of the Working Group to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session that the review of progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the national report to be prepared for the next session of the Sub-Commission on new mechanisms and new initiatives to respond to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enables Sweden to obtain all data from Earth Observation Satellites for all regions of Europe, directly receiving the model.
The Group of Latin America and the Caribbean will actively and effectively participate in its work and ensure that the final outcome of the Conference is accepted by States irrespective of its form, or content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine-clearing techniques were held at the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD), and the annex to the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared on the basis of the outcome of the two seminars.
6.7 International test and evaluation programmes: This is an international programme that helps all participating countries to cooperate in preventing duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating various humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibilities for the full and effective discharge of his mandate in the context of the role of mediation;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system; there will be no alternative if there is a genuine move towards an open system of non-discriminatory.
The search for solutions should consider the real trade economy of a given country and assess its identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the Panel of Experts of the CST, to select three to four representative case studies in the reports received by the Parties and to submit to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly often use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/249 of 27 June 2002, appropriated the amount of $38,991,800 gross ($382,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase in local staff salaries from 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 to local staff travelling to Damascus and Fouar battalions.
Each year's federal budget has an appropriation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such security as a area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunities has already introduced a number of procedures in the application of the advocates.
(2) Providing or demonstrating skills or specialized technologies for terrorist organizations, by directing or cooperating with them;
The Chairman said that the term “legal provisions” might give the impression that other laws might be referred to, while “legal” was intended to refer to the law relating to the concession contract.
The ultimate impact of daily conflict on civilians, resulting in the paralysis of society and the deterioration of the blockade.
This is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two countries within secure recognized borders.
The destructive policies of these countries and the grave threats posed by these regimes, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programme, hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are not well known to all representatives and to the entire world.
According to UNOMIG's assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to turn to some of the IAEA work focusing on the international community.
I usually hear the voice of the donor countries, and I do not know what the words of donors are about.
He eloquently, open and frankly spoke about the floating and transformations faced by countries that rely on commodities.
The above Guidelines aim to provide a normative, consistent risk assessment framework to enable the Government to address the changes in the threat by reducing the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition to that, intensive aquaculture itself has become a source of pollution.
In that regard, the Code stresses the importance of dedicated efforts to protect these habitats from human activities that are not affected by the destruction, degradation, pollution and threats to the health and survival of fishery resources.
The flag State's control over its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the comprehensive press material issued on 8 January 2003 by the Central Division of Energy and Transport of the European Commission.
He also suggested that the Special Rapporteur be entrusted with the need for prior clarification.
The Commission recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish a network of information exchange and policy and experience; mobilize resources; and promoting best practices.
The Secretariat has revised the country database annually in accordance with the three criteria used in the revised system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and to integrate them in the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “International institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII: “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of this part of executive direction and management through objective, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement in the results-based budgeting format.
The Committee also stresses that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated social-economic initiative to promote African development.
Concern was expressed about the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States, which led to the proposed cessation of certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where there might be duplication of effort.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other parts of the United Nations, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure their policy coherence.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following: (c) through strengthening the knowledge base of sustainable development; technology transfer, more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in sustainable development; and use contemporary data collection and dissemination methods, including through increased use of information technology, to support the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 seemed to require too high and that careful treatment should be given.
It was reported that in many parts of the Inter-American States (except in Colombia) social discrimination against Roma people was not legally recognized, and there were frequent incidents of police abuse in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of adequate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal consisting of members of minorities.
However, the development of appropriate integration of two measures without the difficulty of applying international standards for restrictions in some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including with regard to strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Endorses the audited financial statements on United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group 1
Reaffirms the approval of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overarching objectives of mine action, while recommending areas that the international community should give priority to the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are not exclusive, but are complementary and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important in the exercise of legal and judicial obligations.
In accordance with existing legislation, the representatives of the ICTY have the right to focus on proceedings and to obtain the Tribunal's archives, and the evidence material obtained by the ICTY can also be used directly for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on the issue of Iraq and has failed to stop the bloodshed there, and the United Nations has also failed to address the deteriorating Middle East crisis in the half of the century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations is compelling us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
What was asked how we could support preventive efforts in such a way?
Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach requires the expansion of such functions and processes that must be considered in the management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit and to participate actively in the Summit, in accordance with the modalities established by the Preparatory Committee;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the question of exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the hands of judicial decisions, State practice, treaty and judiciary.
According to the doctrine of a right, the injured alien must only exhaust the remedies derived from rights and may lead to binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinger, Local remedies in international law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to retain the current air tickets for attendance at the Assembly without use, in accordance with the principle of pre-emptive use for the participation of the delegations of LDCs in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the various ways in which the concessionaire might have access to bonded labour through studies conducted in many national legislation.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment of claims, the secretariat of the Commission undertook an initial assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although some claimants have received responses, there is no response to the above standards.
Contributions to development at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The General Assembly authorized the review to focus on a number of administrative areas, as mandated by OIOS, which could improve the productivity of the Organization following simplification.
The States of the European Union reaffirmed their resolve to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The Act concerns the following matters:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council presented other tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group of Experts could help to raise awareness of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo under the conflict situation and, in particular, the relationship between the issue and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution is found, no such recommendation could be implemented in a long term.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the provisions of the family in the outcomes of the United Nations summits and the World Conference and its follow-up process in the 1990s continue to provide policy guidance on how to strengthen family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the delay in the issuance of the reports and the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee that the status of advances paid to the Humanitarian Coordinating Bureau in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide the Committee with the information available and similar information on the entities listed on the list.
If so, please provide reasons, amounts or dates for the release or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, no other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrator) are authorized to undertake any kind of financial activities.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a systematic long-term policy that the occupying Power and its subsidiary local administration are well known to have no support for the re-establishment of Cyprus so that the Turkish Cypriots who do not have the occupying Power and become a member of the European Union are criticized.
In different scales, the work of “biological trade” is also designed to bring together the social and environmental aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) to include, where possible, potential new knowledge areas related to development topics to be addressed to capacity development; (b) flexibility in the design of action to enable adaptation to new topics or new models where necessary.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means the international community's common commitment to aligning the course of the WTO with a view to achieving development.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the decision-making process of sanctions against a Member State and follow up its implementation thereafter.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and have created obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hamper the pace of economic and social development of the injured State.
The Committee asked why three bienniums lacked baseline data for measuring performance and why outputs had not been proposed for termination.
Several factors have created such changes.
(t) “Private personnel” means any employee, executive officers, managers or officials of any of the entities, organizations, enterprises or private legal persons other than those in which the official functions are performed;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) In the case of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State may provide assistance in the context of its own decision, as appropriate, irrespective of whether the act constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings requested, as well as the names and functions of the branch of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party should [implementing] [take] measures to ensure that its banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out during the appropriate period.
During the second reading of the draft text of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that ensuring that the systems designed for the Convention had taken into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
The emission growth in all sectors for the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with “measures” is projected, except for waste management.
Note: Note by the State code, see annex.
These rates include the remuneration and office costs of lawyers.
One of the final third of the retention of a full-time payment is that an increase in the months' instalments could be used if the trial period was initially scheduled to take place.
The full text of the interview is attached for your understanding.
If an organization recognized as terrorism was cleared, its assets were confiscated and transferred to the State.
So far, more than 50 countries have expressed their support for the joint statement.
Under article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda the Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda Agenda
Issues relating to forest-related definitions
The process of preparation of the present report shows that, although cooperation among developing countries has been very broad, most of those working in cooperative practices do not receive guidance on institutional policy.
Many Governments have abandoned the sense of direction that prevailed during the Buenos Aires conference.
Both African LDCs expressed their political conflict and lack of financial resources as a major impediment to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network has been expanded and is being used with key partners to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
In order to deal successfully with terrorism, work on the following three main areas of counter-terrorism is needed: first, the means of preventing terrorists from engaging in terrorist activities (e.g. by preventing financing terrorist activities, the prohibition of falsified documents, and the absence of weapons, etc.); secondly, the failure of terrorists to prosecute and/or extradite terrorists (e.g. accelerating the conclusion of anti-terrorism conventions and protocols, as well as strengthening domestic resistance to terrorism);
Development must be an integral part of IIAs in support of national policies to attract more foreign direct investment and to increase their revenues.
Non-governmental organizations organized a national demonstration to improve women's image and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on literacy training and on the situation of girls in schools through the reduction of teenage pregnancies.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act and is inconsistent with the road map, as it makes it more difficult to create a viable and continuous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (Part I and II)
The submall and Handicraft Industries in Jordan, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, in response to the note of the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the United Nations Legal Counsel that the Acting Finance Director of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Office of the United Kingdom) is a member of the Assembly on Budget and Finance.
Resident partners, Malawi Lundwechwekley International Accounting Company
Convinced of the urgent need for the fight against organized crime and all forms of terrorism, and in this regard, to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance;
For example, ports lack adequate funding for three countries with the highest level of openness to the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Croixberg-Mosberg (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and net settlement
Such termination and set-off shall be allowed to determine the net exposure to risk, and the termination of these contracts is either prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in a number of preliminary investigations reports by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular maps and forensic reports, which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of these documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to promote the efficient and effective functioning of the internal justice system, including, where appropriate, prompt action to address staff complaints;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are also two well-known human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action to ensure respect for human rights and respect for human rights as an important element in the management of migration flows, consolidation of democracy and the achievement of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the implementation of the ECOWAS declaration on the moratorium on small arms and light weapons, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above, in particular in the preambular paragraph of the present resolution;
Joint UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several country teams participated in certain specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the simplification and harmonization of debates, Malawi's participation in the debate on HIV/AIDS, Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including in the Palestinian territory
The Committee held a formal meeting ( 450th meeting) and the Chairman held several meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link with the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals could violate the prohibition because they had multinational nationality or residence permits in other countries.
The evaluation found a number of weaknesses in project benefits.
Promotion and protection of the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to provide recommendations on how to address the outstanding contributions of Member States in peacekeeping missions that have closed the net cash deficit for consideration at the resumed fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, on the basis of inputs from the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, has consolidated a draft that the Commission could reach consensus on the Globally Harmonized System,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is essential that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify which terrorist acts are not caused by fanaticism or criminal intent, which are the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Néto Del Ponte, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world faces greater dangers, this principle is more important.
How do we do this?
However, there are some problems that do not give rise to an objective observation.
Another threat to international peace and security — you can also correct our assessment — a vertical spread.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna has pointed out several minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth engagement of the functions of the President and is crucial to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of land law; forestry and agricultural concessions that are not sufficient to guarantee the poor effectively; some displaced persons should receive compensation as a result of road construction projects; and the relocation of street children and the poor.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on addressing vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the shift from emergency response to the need for prevention.
The Treaty on Extradition between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation on Extradition with a view to enabling them to take up their sentences (18 May 1995).
The above-mentioned acts have resulted in death or other significant consequences and shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The foregoing act is, if:
A/58/7/Add.13; finally, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What we have been informed by the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and by the Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)?
Only after the threat of use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002), the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process could make some progress in that cooperation, but still far from the level of “ unconditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from the standpoint of law?
Third types of disease - severe neglected diseases - very little research and development in rich countries, and there is essentially no commercial-based development.
Global anti-terrorism standards.
Dissemination and dissemination of the list of anti-terrorism information and assistance resources prepared jointly by the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
Main conclusions
A detailed study of adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
It was questioned whether paragraph 8.1.1 would interfere with the use of the current practice of using certain types of transport documents, such as the bill of lading and the bill of lading “complete ships”.
A general comment was made on the use of the term “transport document or electronic record” in chapter 8 of the draft instrument, with the aim of emphasizing the distinction between transport documents and electronic records, rather than the intention of the Working Group to focus on the content of the document.
The same concern with respect to paragraph 12.2 was expressed with respect to paragraph 12.1, and the text of the draft article should indicate whether the holder of any right under the contract of carriage would be liable under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict with other transport conventions, as proposed in the Swedish proposal, such as the question of how to calculate compensation and damage (see paras. 258 and 264 to 267 below).
I have the honour to remind the Permanent Mission and observer delegations that, for security considerations, the garage will be closed at 8 p.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and that the vehicle was reopened at 4 p.m. on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and highlight the need to coordinate the efforts of international agencies operating in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work in cooperation with civil aviation in the area of further methodological work on improving the quality of data reporting and support the work of the expert to review Annex I greenhouse gas inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and to provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities also require that all air shipments take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support reporting on livestock disease systems and livestock vaccination;
The Department's brochure entitled “United Nations and decolonization” was drafted by the Department's Decolonization Unit in 2001 as a response to numerous inquiries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, which focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the options for the Territory's future status and the assistance of the Territories.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the press by the Department of Public Information of the press release of the Regional Seminar on the Caribbean, and local television had also broadcast parliamentary debates under the press release.
According to this provision in Swiss law, there is no reason for the freezing of assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act has changed, the EVA system will be immediately amended.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 56/253 and 57/242 on the further strengthening of the request of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposal to strengthen the regular budget component of the Office will be contained in section 29G (administrative, Nairobi), of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and images, photo materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the essence of the success or success envisaged throughout Monterrey depends on the greater vision of global partnership.
At present, we must commit ourselves to seeing the spirit of partnership between the poor and rich nations that we saw in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine the commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial tickets documents, international trade to the country.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, business and business law can also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers granted by the arbitral tribunal's jurisdiction.
Internet and computer technology have increased not only the application of traditional crime (e.g. theft, theft of intellectual property, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other offences) but also the threat of business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communication).
• Ensure free access to outer space through equal application to all parties, while at the same time avoiding the release of debris;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and society is a source of disappointment and a cause of new conflicts, and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated.
They reiterated their conviction that, until nuclear weapons were not fully eliminated, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour to conclude, as a matter of priority, a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear States.
The Heads of State or Government are fully opposed to the conditions and pretexts of these issues, and hundreds of thousands limit the market access of developing countries, or by providing assistance to developing countries or linking them with multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council has also taken similar measures with regard to equity brokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to make a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, an independent court or tribunal should be established and appropriate procedures should be ensured for a minority of rights violations.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized by the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
Approximately $6.5 million would provide for civilian staff training, and approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines contained in the circular and report to the Bank of Thailand on their actions.
Addressing violence against women is an essential part of the strategy to combat HIV/AIDS.
(b) The campaign and the involvement of the media and eminent persons to serve as a good example of the role of men and to increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
40 Ibid.
UNFPA assisted in the development of a national population policy and updating census information, which was essential to better understand social economic and demographic issues in the preparation of the plan.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa; Mr. Mary Barton-Dock; and Mr. Marcello Andrew, National Economist and Head of the World Bank in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 on the Development of Financial Regulations 1970;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus addressed to you (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed its support for this and contributed to the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The first issue of UNCCD implementation was discussed among all affected European Parties.
At the first session of the CRIC, a consultation was held in Rome in November 2002 with the aim of presenting the results of an analysis of the needs and proposals of each Annex IV country in regional cooperation and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal of Ambassador Amorim to address outstanding reductions in armaments within the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
Several representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive report, which showed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider items referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April 2003 to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a key element in ensuring information security, national and ethnic sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for an initial period of six months to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by all Ivorian parties and to include in the mission a military component in cooperation with the French and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), the parties to the conflict seeking to recruit or use children to immediately cease the recruitment or use of children in violation of their applicable international obligations;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, expressed strong support for our initiative, Mr. Kofi Annan, as read out in this meeting, and he was greatly encouraged by the fact that we would formally launch the proposal.
“In reading the report of the 2001 annual session, I have a paradox of contradictions.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from RUF to permit access to and release abducted children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, while the Civil Defence Forces also made commitments not to recruit children and demobilize them.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “era of implementation”, and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraq, there has been a difficult moment.
With regard to Japan, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils its primary responsibility to enable it to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not a matter of disarmament experts.
The Governing Council, in paragraph 6 of decision 9, decided that the claimant submitting the claim to the Commission had the responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss, “the total amount of compensation would be less likely to be avoided”.
Significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations military, civilian police and civilian standby arrangements system and procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration because poor families usually lack equal access to education or, in some cases, do not have any opportunities.
If migrants do not meet their time requirements, social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants and the rights of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration has eroded inter-generational support for the generations of indigenous peoples over the years, and has disrupted relationships with traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the weak elderly are considered to be particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them will soon be able to work together with their families, thereby losing material support.
Such a legal framework is often unable to protect indigenous peoples' traditional knowledge and cultural heritage, as indigenous peoples emphasize common ownership of their full resources.
The lack of coherence between policy development and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Considering:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of the cost of preparing claims in future.
23 In one claim, compensation is sought for the amount of the goods sold to Iraq under the sale contract with agents in a third State.
E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and paras.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a document of 30 April 2003, entitled “Technical experts appointed by the Organization of American States to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border”, to be submitted to the Security Council.
UNHCR assisted families headed by refugees, particularly women and women, in access to adequate housing, which constituted a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/wes/wesm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying a balanced approach to trade and development in North-South interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and developing national trade policies.
The specific implementation of the above-mentioned provisions would be subject to the complexity and details of the request in each specific case, if it was not possible to meet the established time frame, the time frame would be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partner in American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall poses serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built, while existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Bubči Milose (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out its accession to draft resolution A/58/L.39 on strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but this does not mean that my country shares — the wording of the draft resolution — using the concepts of operative paragraph 12 — such as the “Protection culture”, which we have not yet discussed in the framework of the work of the Organization, as well as those concepts that may be misleading as the principles of the General Assembly resolution 46/182 of which may be interpreted in question.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6.4 of the report provides an increase of $13.2 million in income classification.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten by economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the ABM Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of terrorist acts committed by extremist groups or individuals (whether they are serious), powerful States should also exercise the inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally launched wars that may be foreseeable globally because countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
The most important issue of defining the meaning of this law can only be counterproductive.
In the recent national elections, a campaign funded by the Government encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the National Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper was a major feature of the country's first MDG report.
As the country had participated in the chemical precursors project of the Inter-American Committee on Drug Control, it had been assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP).
In that framework, the Executive Board was also requested to approve the establishment of a fund for after-service health insurance.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment report and a summary of the outstanding reports, which was informed of the achievements made by the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges encountered in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the fields of biology, biological and medicine.
Article 12
The region has already established measures to address law enforcement at the South Pacific Forum level.
The objective should be to develop a management mechanism with a view to improving awareness of resources and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The preliminary report has made progress in the follow-up to the special session on children since May 2002 with a general picture and regional situation, highlighting the actions already taken in the four main objectives areas, and calls for further efforts to “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a declaration to the Government, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region and urged them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the increasing awareness of the international community in all its forms and manifestations of the negative impact of the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
ISSG International rubber Study Group II
Emphasizing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/247 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism that took place on 11 September 2001, in the latter resolution also condemned the heinous acts of terrorism in Bahari and Moscow, and the urgent appeals to international cooperation in preventing and eradicating terrorism, and recalling Security Council resolution 13 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of global activities in UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision was to allocate the proposed item proposed by the Secretary-General in the memorandum to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of the sustainability of biological technologies.
New biotechnology can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance the effectiveness of these obsolete technologies.
The issue of financial sovereignty in the Cayman Islands would be meaningless during both visits.
The participation of all nuclear-weapon States, as appropriate, in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons, is facilitated as soon as possible.
The social dimension of protection requires all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves to become actors in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the additional documents of the Convention, as well as the work programme on cooperation with countries that voluntarily promote “special agreements”.
However, this does not apply to refugees who believe that a threat to security is a threat to security or who have been sentenced by legal courts for special serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to do their utmost to ensure that their children's education is conducive to:
In many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence erupted in the territory of the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
Nepal's health services are based on integrated primary health and referral treatment systems.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health care.
For example, at the policy level, senior female administrative staff accounted for only 4.02 per cent (Table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (table 5).
In the secondary school (11 to 13 age group), the net enrolment rate for girls dropped by 26.2 per cent to 36.5 per cent, indicating that more than two thirds of the children in the age group were deprived of access to education.
Against: Gender Equality Programme (Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Gender Mainstreaming of Civil Service with Specker to Promote and Combat Administration of Finance, Kathmandu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloodshed and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has not been aware that the path to peace depends on the implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, and all of these resolutions continue to be ignored by Israel.
We will not re-orient our policies because of threats.
The United Nations efforts aimed at stabilizing, democratization and reconstruction in Iraq have been fully supported by my country, and I also commend the United Nations staff for their courageous and non-profit work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through objective and reasonable implementation of a particular programme, rather than through heavy artillery or jet fighting aircraft, nor by mobilizing a large number of troops to destroy the regime of hate.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council called upon all members of the Authority and other parties that could do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In that connection, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and to report on the clear warning of us, although measures have been taken to date, these measures remain insufficient to prevent the negative effects of the epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
The progress report of the Voorburg Group on Service Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative has created a model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In written and oral statements, the representative of Burundi referred to the terrible socio-economic situation that Burundi had not been able to pay arrears to the United Nations as a result of the intense war in 1993.
In written and oral statements, the Central African Republic stated its serious economic and social problems, partly because of earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution does not add the budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to TCDC and OECD resource mobilization (including resources from Governments of developing countries, donors and other sources under triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and plans of action and strengthen governmental institutions related to children, including, where appropriate, the appointment of ministers for children and the independent commissioners responsible for the promotion of children's rights;
A/58/282.
It was said that helping to avoid a more obvious issue as a result of electronic commerce and not to be a key objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the proposal on the wording of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As at today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which brings additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity projects, to enhance African countries' capacity to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of the better management and strengthening of the monitoring and assessment system, CPC has increased its assessment of programme performance, which will ensure that the Organization is moving forward in the right direction and strengthens the monitoring role of member States in this area.
We have not seen progress, but we see that it is a departure from a peaceful settlement and from a setback to negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone Police
Every word of the plan is determined on several occasions, on the basis of careful and comprehensive balance.
This would allow the reopening of a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which has a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Islands Week, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, for his tireless efforts to restore peace to Côte d'Ivoire and to provide their personal and support to the Organization.
We join the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols on terrorism in the final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted an insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 34
Noting that despite the progress made, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations, and invites States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate and to submit a complete report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with interested Governments, to hold a consultative meeting with all interested Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in order to complete the finalization of the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to Reparation for Victims of Serious Violations of Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law and, where appropriate, to consider options for adoption of those principles; the report of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the First Consultative Meeting of the First Consultative Group of the First Consultative Committee on the First Consultative Process and the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Working Group of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the first consultation should be submitted, Mr.
Takes note with satisfaction of the progress made by many countries of the world in building democratic societies in order to better achieve civil rights, political rights, economic power, social rights and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to organize, prior to the sixty-first session of the Commission, extrabudgetary resources in conjunction with the United Nations Development Programme, a seminar to explore practical ways and activities to effectively strengthen good governance practices in human rights at the national level, to review and enrich the information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, for the benefit of all people for sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction at the fact that the people of the northern region of Somalia still enjoy relative peace and stability, despite all the difficulties facing them, and with basic services,
Trafficking in small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003, 2003/20, 2003/23, 2003/23, 2003/23, 2003/23, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/24, 2003/24, 2003/26, 2003/24, 2003/24, 2003/28, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/28, 2003/24, and 2003/24,
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of the fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 31
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 262
Strengthening the working methods of the Commission (decision 2003/1011) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and to achieve the beneficial development of landlocked developing countries in the global economy.
The pre-deployment medical costs paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
The Commission therefore expects that there will be considerable savings during the current period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community has identified a comprehensive issue of sustainability at the Johannesburg World Summit; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has identified new dynamic directions for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of the regional seas programme within existing resources;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing the agreement of the World Conference on Human Rights to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to fill the efforts of the Governments of those countries to achieve the full realization of economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identities for all are a key element of the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission and submit a midterm report to the General Assembly on the activities performed under his mandate;
Explanation of: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; Regional Commission for Trade and Development; UNCTAD; UNODC: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat; UN-Habitat.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI referred to in paragraph 15 of the Final Document of 2000 is an important confidence-building measure to enhance the transparency of the NPT system as a whole.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole has the responsibility to continue its service until their situation is resolved.
Replace the words “5.5.6” with the following:
The Supreme Court of War held in Badal, from 26 to 28 March 2003, declared six innocent persons, in addition to the maintenance of life imprisonment for a defendant and the suspension of six months' detention.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to serve as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
General Assembly resolutions
Taking note of the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to work with the increasing number of United Nations field personnel and OHCHR field presences with human rights mandates to use their unique position on the ground to improve information flow on disappearances.
During the reporting period, the Secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send a reminder of 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
According to the allegations, the disappearances relate to the wide range of powers conferred upon the security forces under emergency legislation, in particular the Terrorist and separatist Action Act and the Public Security Act, which permit preventive detention and long-term detention without many other normal safeguards under criminal law.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to find the best course of action to address your issues.
19.35 On the assumption that the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: the resources of members and associate members for the implementation of the recommendations, the importance of data preparation to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and the provision of adequate extrabudgetary resources to ESCAP to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meetings to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on inheritance, marriages and donations is also the same.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of human rights, as affirmed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations as States parties to human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Framework for reform
The Committee notes with appreciation the State party's ratification in November 2000 of the European Social Charter (1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol to the Charter and the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that, owing to structural reforms in the field of public and rural areas, rural areas are particularly hit.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in the International Labour Standards are respected, genuine partnership with Governments will not be possible to promote the achievement of educational objectives.
Any action taken within the State party's jurisdiction should not deprive another State of its capacity to realize the right to water.
In accordance with that objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food in 1998 (now attached to you), which should serve as a reference framework for the adoption of a plan of international code of conduct for adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established links to human rights and development, including those related to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights courier campaign was completed to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Seminars organized by the International Training Division in Dupto, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile on the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and ensure that perpetrators of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Datyan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals presented in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to mitigate and control the adverse effects of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for infected persons;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and relevant agencies and relevant regional organizations and organizations and non-governmental organizations, and to request assistance in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in implementing this provision in different forums, and Cuba believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
43 Arthur Okwemba, “Po Counsellor Cry Foul New Trade Plan by the West”, The Eastern African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like European Union partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee notes that, during the International Aerospace Fair Conference, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and records, as well as civil society.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides that:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
According to the information received, it was clear that the impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide had been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, there were 415,000 persons under Spanish employment in 2001, 68 per cent of them were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax factor of the buyer, and expresses the view that the percentage of wages required to pay the first year of receipt.
There have also been the destruction of a large plantation that exceeds 236 hectares.
The regional programmes and activities of girls and different age women, including young and older women, will focus on the establishment of networks, information exchange, sharing of knowledge and composition coalitions in the context of the United Nations Declaration on a Culture of Peace and the further promotion and implementation of conventions and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting women's human rights.
If there are ways, they can also resort to domestic law, with a view to continuing their interests or remedies.
“It is fundamentally difficult to say that a State can make a full and free decision on the question of who is the property of its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the author's personal opinion in Barcelona Traction (initial objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964 p. 59.
In the case of any of the offences covered by this article, the State party should, in conformity with its domestic law, endeavour to accelerate extradition procedures and simplify the evidentiary requirements associated with them.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Anti-Corruption Initiative for Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the informal working groups established by the Ad Hoc Committee during the fourth session were of the view that there was no need to be included in the definition of “international public organizations”, as the term had been clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations felt that it was preferable to use mandatory wording.
Discussions have also begun on the concept contained in the last paragraph.
During the second reading of the draft text of the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, there is a need to preserve sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Group of Experts on International Accounting and Reporting had submitted the report of the Group of Experts on its nineteenth session.
“Report of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development on its activities” (DITE/ODOC/01/03)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is due mainly to lower official travel and lack of training, as the staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations have reduced travel to the Mission, and the technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda item 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
In the light of that question, the Committee had not been requested to decide whether Mr. A had been expelled from Sweden in violation of its obligations under article 3 or any other provision of the Convention, even if he had been requested to decide whether he had been subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups, paved the way for the holding of the Iturian meeting from 4 to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resources implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
As a result, in Venezuela's favour of the harmful effects of illicit diamond trade as recognized by many countries in order to contribute to armed conflict and to delay and impede the efforts of States directly affected by it to seek peace and security, my country is deeply satisfied with international efforts aimed at peace.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office.
Chairman of the National Civil Education and Electoral Monitor, 1994-1997
• Offences of abortion, Senda Press
One of the objectives of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to improve agricultural productivity.
In the second consecutive year, it was announced that a month of January of a campaign against drugs.
“Programme 2004-2005: Percentage and rapid deployment levels or standby lists using the standby system to meet the requirements of all personnel
As for multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (19577) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (19959) signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions could be described as a way of language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, representatives of the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society has enabled a frank and in-depth dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the formulation and application of targeted sanctions, as a reference point to the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on arms embargoes and travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that considerable progress has been made in certain areas of the Programme of Action.
Mr. Requehho (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of humanity remained under colonial power, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in a ballot manner, which served as a basis for the development and codification of human rights since then.
In the broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action, not only refer to the experiences of some people and their victims of racism, but also to the development of communities, as a result of racism and based on racist systems, communities have been repeatedly frustrated, because they have no opportunity to explore some of the development paths that the other communities can be explored, as Haiti has shown in many ways, the country now stands ready to celebrate 200 years.
The Permanent Mission of Cuba to the United Nations
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
Human rights courts have been established to try serious violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Tuvalu as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region.
The international community therefore actively supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the importance of integrating women into all peace and development processes.
We want to take many initiatives.
The UNHCR Commissioner reiterated once again the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration and reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration and briefly review the reasons for the need for such complementarity, and UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash sent a letter to Mr. Klein requesting a direct meeting.
In addition, following the opening of Mr. Klein's presentation, the following options could be proposed: not only to maintain the Treaty but also to apply to the new pattern established by the Agreement on the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, in addition to the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also to the two allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be considered in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transline Transformation.
FCCC/KP/CMP/2005/8/Add.1
(c) The chemical burning of aerosols is less than 20 kilometers, and there is no point of fire in the fire distance test, to be conducted in the closed space fire in section 31.5 of the manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of the flexible programming approach, which takes interlinked measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing objectives under overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the grave escalation of Israel's actions, which could lead to a dramatic deterioration of the situation in the region and the complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kadewa asked for further clarification, and I give the floor.
After the parliamentary debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament officially established the Autonomous Republic of Georgia, as amended, the Constitution was amended.
In its resolution 2003/1, the United Nations had the responsibility of the people of Western Sahara and reiterated its support for the efforts to organize and monitor the referendum for self-determination for the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to the Special Rapporteur's requests to visit their countries in order to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, steadily moving towards programming cycles and streamlining and coordinating processes, developing United Nations houses in many countries, implementing results-based management and budgets, establishing the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and working together on effective means of collaboration, such as the Common Country Assessment (CCA) and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, as well as their relationship to poverty reduction strategy papers in an increasing number of countries, are the efforts to achieve an objective, namely, namely, to strengthen coherence, to strengthen United Nations development cooperation development cooperation development cooperation development cooperation development cooperation, efficiency, efficiency, efficiency and to strengthen the United Nations development cooperation, efficiency and contribute to strengthen coherence, efficiency, efficiency, efficiency, efficiency in support for development cooperation, efficiency in support for development cooperation in support for development cooperation in support for the United Nations development cooperation, efficiency, efficiency in support for development cooperation in support for the development cooperation in support for development cooperation, efficiency and the United Nations development cooperation, efficiency and the United Nations development cooperation in developing countries.
Voluntary contributions are provided to individual organizations based on actual operations, mandates and terms of reference.
• Central government expenditures by category and use represent a percentage of all Central Government expenditures
In addition, in order to inform the wider population, a version of the Principles is being published, such as a card version of the Principles prepared in Indonesia under the auspices of international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia.
12 noon
They indicate that actions to prevent natural disasters at the national and international levels can indeed help to mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other bodies to further improve their methods of improving, inter alia, through the consolidated appeals process, to address the forgotten crises more effectively.
There is a certain degree of uncertainty regarding the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in that regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council makes such a request.
However, as a result of intense debate within the Burundian society, it was suspended from five days.
They are victims of numerous violent incidents committed by regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
It is a new phenomenon that shows that people have become aware of the hope that, with the help of the judicial system, the fear that the military forces have brought about.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or laboratories who have been accredited to conduct laboratory analysis, toxicology, pharmacology and biology, and may be consulted in their territory;
Congratulates the United Nations Journalists Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Award, sponsored by journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters to report on the activities of the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to enable it to increase the number of scholarships to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing them together as young partners to identify and formally propose a global advocacy initiative — global youth partners to prevent HIV infection among youth.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for having taken the initiative to prepare a draft guidance note on financial resources mobilization (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15.
The Working Group discussed this item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, as this item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the present session, but had not to take a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that it had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat to the text of decision III/1 of the Parties to the relevant web page for English, French and Spanish, which had not been the official text of the decision of the Conference of the Parties, which had published the Protocol.
Further information is available on the following Web site: Aapgf@.unep.org (point “notice board”).
In its deliberations, the Commission agreed that the following criteria should be applied for serious responsibility and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 21)
No documents have been submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The present rules of procedure may be amended by the decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model also recognizes that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system are responsible for providing content, while the Department's responsibilities are working closely with the media, Member States and civil society partners to coordinate, improve, express and disseminate content.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in member countries of the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of the link between money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960 containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and other United Nations resolutions and decisions on the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it important to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular emphasis on options for self-determination for the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms.English (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used “two major gender” in response to the first instalment of the members' questions, asked whether there were a third sex or whether the Special Rapporteur was merely referring to the sexual orientation of individual persons.
Therefore, if a member State makes a request for translation of those languages and other languages, the delegation concerned would have to bear the costs.
WFP provides that basic English knowledge is necessary for all circumstances, while UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services throughout the world, as well as field offices' information sector, has produced original print books in various local languages.
Arabic; Chinese; English; French; German; German; Chinese; French; German; German; Chinese; Russian: Spanish; Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish; French; German; German; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; French; German; German; German; German; Chinese; German; German; German; Chinese; German; German; German; Chinese; German; German; German; Chinese; German; German; German; German; German; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; French; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; German; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; German; French; German; French; French; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; German; German; German; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; German; German; French; German; German; German; German; German; German; Chinese; German; German; German; German; German; German; German; Chinese; Chinese
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para. 6
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff, as well as freight and telecommunications charges.
(b) Approve the medium-term plan as a forecast framework for the period 2003-2006 (see document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.74), including the preparation of up to $151 million of regular resources programme expenditure to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources in order to contribute primarily to the network of field offices responsible for promoting technical cooperation, greatly to dialogue with intergovernmental organizations to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote shared family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned about the inequality of access to the labour market and the fact that women are generally limited to work in the agricultural sector and in the informal sector, and that their income and wages are low.
She stated that significant actions had been taken to put an end to the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the 2002 HIV and AIDS Prevention Act, the development of integrated HIV/AIDS research and control programmes with stakeholders, and the provision of affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of focus and recommendations
The Committee appreciates the efforts made by the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women in order to achieve their substantive equality, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but also grave concern that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all spheres of life.
However, it is difficult to identify the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are fully publicized and trained by law enforcement officials, judicial and public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government to social development.
Slovakia's legislation on arms and military materiel is contained in Act No. 1799/1998 on military goods, as amended.
These general claims are contained in annex I, entitled “An overview of general claims” (the overview of the present report, which should be read together with the present report.
With regard to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 and 282 to 293, the copies of invoices and the certificate of shipment were provided without providing a certificate of arrival.
In Bosa, SACE's depreciation rate applied to equipment and machinery was 2865 per cent of the insurance scheme.
(b) The North Refugee Project contract of SCOP: payment of retention monies (“claim 5”)
This claim refers to the alleged costs of employees and their families, including travel and communications charges, from Iraq's withdrawal from Glantre.
The Panel therefore considered the total amount of USD 38,234,073 for contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, financial losses, other losses and interest.
If the claim fails to provide these specific projects or is not accompanied by a claim statement, the claimant has been informed of such defects and requested it to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (“article 15 notification”).
First, a security arrangement is required for the principal subject of the bond in order to prepare a bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a top priority.
Mr. Perera (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action through the effective integration of seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the Council's substantive session provides valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting integrated approaches to rural development, while the operational component provides an opportunity to discuss ways to improve financing for operational activities.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globalocs/index.htm#forum.
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary-related activities, whatever form they seek to acquire some legitimacy, they are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by all peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the orders were effective until 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work towards implementing the recommendations made in the report of the Human Security Council.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible for these acts is to enable them to participate in the work of the Commission and to place it outside the Committee.
We believe that the appointment of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues raised in the sub-item.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely only to be legitimized through the ballot box by political figures obtaining existing powers.
During the previous, strategic and operational plan for 2000-2003, UNIFEM has increased significantly in this area.
The strategic results framework set out below will provide guidance to UNIFEM programme options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL support has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the RUF insurgency, concerns about the ability of the Republic of Sierra Leone to maintain its territorial integrity have been difficult to eliminate.
In Liberia, the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the application of the ECOWAS ban on the moratorium on small arms in western Africa.
He was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that his passport was deposited with the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects in the implementation of United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly could improve in that regard, but it did indeed require the partial cessation of all terrorist acts.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, although the Constitution of Morocco recognized the right to work, the right to work was difficult to implement in the context of low levels of economy and the lack of physical social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, there was no precision in the estimated quality of benzyl acids: the rate of success increased from 90 to 99 per cent meant that more errors had to be recorded, thus reducing the length of life.
All parties concerned must apply these measures.
There are also the overall trends in the geostationary orbit market, and satellite operators have moved satellites from the geostationary orbit region after the end of their effective life.
Chapter __ Adoption of the report of the Conference
In UNCTAD, overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be undertaken in UNCTAD's field of expertise through strengthening cooperation among divisions.
Any regional office or sub-offices likely to be established by the World Tourism Organization should work closely with the regional offices or sub-offices, in particular regional commissions and resident coordinators offices.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general insurance premiums for the biennium 2004-2005 amount to $7,578,000 for the general insurance premiums administered by United Nations property at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 amount to $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of the Official Document System will be significantly increased.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to that provision, article 41, paragraph 1, of the Convention requires States parties to submit reports on the progress made in measures taken and on the enjoyment of rights, and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, since the establishment of the Commission, the delay has been very serious.
National policies in this area should be clearly articulated in the direction of military commanders in the region, while allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated quickly by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without a report and his delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Relief Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system facilitated several coordinated humanitarian assistance.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
LDCs have committed themselves to adopting policies to lay the path of people-centred development with a view to ensuring that poverty eradication is created in their countries.
Madagascar has established a network of agro-food, construction materials, fruits and vegetables.
Important commitments have been made under Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and clean, modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to expeditiously complete their delimitation of their common border.
In particular, the participants expressed concern about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities, and called for special attention to the issue of international and national organizations working to address the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matiya Seamakula Kiwanuka of Uganda for his excellent work during the presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the longer version of the national declaration.
Mr. Bennouna (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing your election as Chairman of the First Committee, the Chairman of the Commission on Disarmament and International Security.
Emphasizing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action to assess existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify areas where additional international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in the preparation of complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the basic principles of its domestic legal system, consider establishing procedures to remove persons convicted of crimes covered by the present Convention within a specified period of time by law:
Such joint investigations may be agreed on on a case-by-case basis if such agreements or arrangements do not exist.
There is little change in the position of nuclear-weapon States.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations, immediately following the adjournment of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA, on the second report of the secretariat on the adequacy of GCOS.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, the protection and promotion of basic rights and the liberation of people remains a sacred duty.
It needs to be guided by the parties and the international community to help it develop.
First, while there is a strong normative framework on landmines, instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to mine-clearance efforts in post-conflict situations.
Overall, military peacekeeping forces have not carried out large-scale investigations, marking or mine-clearance operations.
My country will continue to support, within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, the binding international instrument on the management of unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/586/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, introduced by the representative of France at the 13th meeting of the Commission on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and taking a step-by-level approach to identifying the importance of regional approaches to addressing the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreement has been signed with key national awareness-raising campaigns for poor urban partners to support non-governmental organizations, at all levels of government, as well as with sub-part partners, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, and a regional commission has been established in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council established the Committee of Permanent Representatives as an intersessional subsidiary body of the Council to enter into force immediately, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution.
We will defeat our nations, our peoples and our future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is awaiting a multi-faceted reflection.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights as at 1 December 2003 (148)
The negative security assurances are that the nuclear-weapon States guarantee not to use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most courts cannot operate and most basic facilities are destroyed or looted.
Training on integrated logistics concepts will also be provided to the concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The voters who had not registered a permanent place of residence on the date of election had the right to vote in the local administration of the territory of which they had registered.
Similarly, women can learn special educational curricula and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for the development of ordinary working skills and education with professional nature for students with special needs.
The current social security model is based on the fact that payment of social taxes is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
According to the “Social Security” Act, anyone who has lived in the Republic of Latvia over the past 12 months, the total number of days is not less than 60 months (with the exception of persons who have the right to an interim residence permit) to receive a social insurance allowance for persons with disabilities in the State.
At present, Latvia provides a national allowance for the children born before 1 January 1999 for the family of the first 24.25 Latvia, 5.310 in Latvia or 1.2 times, and III.680 Latvianat or 1.6 times higher, 465 in Latvia or 675.
Disarmament continues to be key to progress in the peace process in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan has also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this item in the past year.
The applicable conditions for general legal acts, which relate to the legality of clients in the law of treaties, are entirely applicable to generally recognized acts, in particular the recognition of the State.
Specifically, the question is whether the State of conduct may unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
Parties referred to the various gaps and difficulties associated with the assessment of relevant or possible greenhouse gas mitigation options.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve their procurement measures, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors already registered in another United Nations system, inter alia, using the Internet and issuing procurement information on their respective websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
My delegation therefore wishes to renew its urgent appeal once again to make their best use of their positive impact in promoting that goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the countries of the Great Lakes region are also making progress in the process of democratic transition.
However, nothing would prevent this new Great Lakes Community from extending to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that considerable progress has been made in negotiating draft resolutions on addressing this concern.
In terms of focus on health and sustainable development, the Plan calls for developing countries to provide affordable energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote rural women's rights to access resources, in particular land, heritage and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addresses the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation in combating terrorism and national actions should be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate has been further in-depth in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and air-related sanctions.
General Assembly resolutions
UNPOS expects that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the self-government arrangements can take full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on a question of Australia and, as my colleague from Fiji, all of the countries of the Pacific Islands Forum attached great importance.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance to these efforts.
The devastation caused by the spread of small arms in Bougainville over the years has been severely affected by the spread of small arms, and the destruction of societies in the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the transitional group is complementary to our continued commitment to provide other assistance to the people of Bougainville; this assistance is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The man!
The United Nations has played a role in an international system composed of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased informal, adults and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question when updating the workload standards, namely, the quantity of documents for self-revision should be determined to ensure the quality of translation of all official languages;
He responded to a number of specific issues, stating that the procedures for dealing with the movement of natural persons were being dealt with through requests for work in services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel, in defiance of the United Nations and the international community's repeated calls for its cessation of violations and acts of aggression, to ignore the dangers and consequences of repeated Israeli warnings by Lebanon, continues in many cases in depth of Lebanese territory, intimidation and torture of Lebanese civilians and causing material destruction.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kete Michel
In that regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop new United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity in the future on socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreement.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to transnational networks, making the Algerian authorities needed to redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), further activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations, in particular those relating to the establishment of aid funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other countries.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March 2001 and April 2002, the Tourism Organization had successfully held a 10-regional conference to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identified future challenges.
Almost 1,000 of the 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to enable all stakeholders in the area of eco-tourism, in particular those that had not been able to participate in the regional preparatory meetings that had been held, to exchange experiences and present their views.
I, sect.
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decisions:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-item may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of issues.
The UNICEF office in Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized the resources available throughout the country, laying the foundation for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for new missions aimed at rapid equipment for the future, progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should include information on these issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal
However, his delegation believed that the decision on reservations or the deletion of the attached footnote should be taken into account in the discussion of chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy prepared to implement the commitments made in Seasloki for delegations to be read out.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session expressed his gratitude to the Parties for their confidence in him and for his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Baru, and for his efforts during his tenure.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limitation and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Given the political guidance given to the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the crucial role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events effectively indicate the eradication of poverty, promote development and ensuring peace, security and justice in all of us.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the initiatives already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system for thematic clusters covering priority areas of partnerships, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such processes with a view to promoting a coherent United Nations system support for partnerships;
If this amount is not included in the amount, it is stated in United States dollars that the exchange rate used in the United States dollar is the rate of 8 August 1990 as set out in volume 41 of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost $77,787 in six contracts, US$ 6,804,142, $7155,789 and $126,344 respectively.
In addition, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel has chosen the date of loss on 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait), as the date was the claimant's loss of control over the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC was requested to pay the costs of payment or commitment by KPC to ABB to third parties before the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes, within the scope of the present draft articles, some of the issues that have been referred to in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts but not addressed.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) To prepare this model and take into account the Commission's earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission consider the following matters:
(12) The damage to the environment and the environment itself, as well as the loss of profits and tourism (paras. 174 above, (c) and ( (14) small)
The report therefore focuses on results or results, avoiding emphasis on the negotiation process of these instruments or on the approach taken by States in the course of the negotiations or following conclusions.
It was noted that the recognition of the effectiveness would vary depending on the type of specific recognition.
Methods of work
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the genuine intention of the objecting State, rather than the position that the legal effect of objections under the Vienna Convention is the same.
Unless otherwise provided by the treaty or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation would commence only when a Contracting State or a contracting organization received notification of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was stated that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the issue of the creation and interaction of international judicial bodies.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this argument, see P.H.H.Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Paris, 1979, p. 238, or Frank Horn, T.M.C.Asser, 1988, pp. 223-224, and quoted references.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771, 2772, 2773 and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
It was also recalled that the modification, suspension, elimination of unilateral acts, whether States could modify, suspend or eliminate unilateral acts, as they had done.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years, and the world is the largest prisoners of war.
However, some relevant officials appear to be interested in restoring these services and exploring the possibility of restoring common services in the area of recruitment and health care (para. 104-107).
The United Nations has a wide range of experience in the management and conference services of premises and facilities, which can be used in the context of common services at the Vienna International Centre.
On 7 December 1983, A/C.5/387.
However, in collaboration with civil society organizations, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and more important in conflict prevention and sustainable peace.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar held in Wali, Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concerns about the case before the Tribunal,
To that end, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such cases, PIC's solid Pyongyang law is suitable for the soil situation to indicate that the largest area of which will benefit.
Please provide a list of assets frozen under the resolution.
Since 1997, SeaWiFS has also made it possible to measure rich land and marine plants globally, thereby conducting a baseline survey of key parameters of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere during the five-year period.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest levels of government to provide scientists with spatial data in many areas of research and application;
However, a growing number of people are increasingly silent and more active to oppose this policy that impedes normal relations with families and with Cuba.
Efforts are being made to develop an exception to common law, which could be used as a serious crime within the framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation over recent years.
See the responses to subparagraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 financial assistants, eight were deployed to four districts (one General Service, one United Nations Volunteer per district).
In other sub-regional contingents, one Field Service staff and one United Nations Volunteer, two domestic staff are supported.
Non-discrimination on the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee on the agenda of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: half of the young couples now in Norway are unmarried.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in cases of rape and the victim's mutual awareness.
Article 483 - 500
The cultural model and the social status of women has led to this situation, but the low level of occupations in which labour market needs are chosen.
At the same time, rural households registered less than 3 per cent of their income, indicating that rural households may have savings of 800 dinars per month.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 (1971) provides that workers' representatives shall be treated in the same way as representatives of employees to protect the benefits that trade union representatives and workers' representatives are entitled, as both represent the individual and collective interests of employees in accordance with national legislative principles.
Data from 1992 to 1992 on communicable diseases in Montenegro (excluding epidemics of sexual orientation and AIDS)
Persons with Disabilities and its Environment, Alternative Learning Centre and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have yet to lose hope for changing this situation and Israeli policies, as well as for achieving a just and comprehensive peace in the region on the basis of two States in Palestine and Israel.
1.2 With regard to the formulation of a bill providing for the financing or financing of terrorist acts; the adjustment of domestic legislation to bring it into line with the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Specific institutions for law enforcement and defence of the State, namely, the Chilean Armed Forces and the Armed Forces (Military Police) are not subject to the general subjective prohibition mentioned in point 2.
Mr. Triesen (United States of America): The United States would like to make a very brief explanation of its position.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, a draft resolution entitled “Crime of Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber at an early date.
However, there is no reason to avoid the reciprocity of a State with respect to the responsibility of an internationally wrongful act.
I, sect.
Thus, the judges of El Salvador, regardless of the high level, have before them independently.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom that were subsequently reported, known as “illegal, politically unacceptable”; according to which air measures to be discussed by both States to the European Union should apply to the territory and should not apply to the territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the area of arms.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular in support of the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and in support of electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support, and there is a need to develop well-developed strategies for child protection.
These issues pose a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It was hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social commissions would redouble their efforts to promote youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Programme Coordination Committee (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, programme 8, chap. IV, sect. B)
I would like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a tremendous impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea in New York showed that it was very useful and that the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, had decided to further three years of the process.
Although efforts have been made, the problems posed by pollution from the marine environment are unfortunately far from being addressed.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are still some specific issues in marine areas of activity, and the need for continued and concerted action by the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it would be the tenth anniversary of the establishment of institutions.
According to the Office of the Attorney-General, the National Human Rights and the International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
Several efforts to strengthen security guards in the premises (the upgrading of television surveillance equipment and public broadcasting systems in the light of the glass, the garage and the roof are also completed.
Conclusions
After the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations should arrange for the inclusion of the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or, as appropriate, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, of the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has developed a dedicated web page on the United Nations website for human rights day activities, with links to related resources.
National human rights institutions play a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and they should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
No radio or television equipment owned or used for illegal purposes or by any means or designed or modified by electronic means may be issued or received only one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the outcome of the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reform and to recommend their reform proposals.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality between States under the Charter and of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, given the position of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not taken action against Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as the threat posed by your and regional threats.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations is still addressing this issue.
Taking into account the Board's audit findings, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of further review of the importance of such issues as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspection, verification reports and personnel resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people and to create jobs for them, action plans should take into account the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize that States parties are bound by their obligations under international instruments on human rights, and that they are absolutely not understood to modify their obligations.
Human rights defenders have protested or brought against laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms or violate human rights, and they themselves have been the subject of security legislation in many countries.
In comparison with previous national communications, the third report of Parties on the organization of information and policy and measures has been significantly improved.
They described steps taken to prepare for the ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level meetings will be held from 1 to 2 September, and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all member States of the Conference and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to requests from various mission authorities, the UNCCD secretariat, wherever possible, contributes to the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture, on chapter 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, the report of the Secretary-General on institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other related reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to cases appointed for trial, the right to decide in the pre-trial proceedings in other cases.
It prepared draft rules of procedure, the terms of reference of the panel and special contractual agreements for experts serving the Council.
At its fortieth session, in October 2002, the Commission requested the Working Group to undertake substantive discussions on the issues raised in the preliminary survey by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even more than 10 per cent of the transmission rates, like Uganda, is still able to reverse the trend of rising transmission rates.
But this is not sufficient.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support given by UNFPA to programme countries that have supported it and the shared responsibility for mobilizing funds as UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30, 36-38, 43 and 47; S/22210/Add.6, 13, 17, 24, 25, 32 and 37; S/1999/25/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/1999/25/Add.4, 5, 24, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.3, 39; and S/1997/40/Add.1 and 43; and S/1997/40/Add.11; S/1999/25/Add.1 and 43;
Fourthly, the military revolution has not yet been able to flourish, and weapons are increasingly complex, and the boundaries between conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
The Management Committee agreed with this timetable at the outset.
This time shows that it is true that the time frame for the transfer of this responsibility to the people of Iraq should be synchronized with the political process of realizing the sovereign Government of Iraq.
This may lead to inconsistencies in demand and bring about other issues to the enterprise, making it open for information for different purposes.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices as members of the Group of States of the United Nations could play a very important role in that regard.
The examination process should be standardized and objective and transparent.
If this adjustment methodology is used, reference should be made to the IPCC good practice guidance before the IPCC has been consulted.
The meeting was indeed an extraordinary meeting.
Having completed that exercise, we should — and I hope that we can — to enter the next stage of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, which aims to determine the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Organization for Security Measures: Framework for Accountability for the United Nations Field Security Management System” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
In principle, approval of the Secretary-General's approach to the acquisition of the United Nations integrated building through the signing of an agreement with the United Nations with a prior lease, the land occupied by the building and the building will be all of the United Nations;
Environmental reporting and social reporting must be verified to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and members of the European Economic Area align themselves with this declaration.
Regional organizations and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made a significant contribution to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) further participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) develop and implement trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
UNDP has also improved cooperation with regional commissions in certain areas; however, the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be more actively engaged in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
The economic development in Asia has an impact on global commodity demand and supply, which has indirectly affected Africa.
Efforts have therefore been made to ensure coherence in the consultative group, round-table meetings and country-level development framework policies.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assess culture and development and the interlinkages between poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the repeated drought and coffee crises in Chandra and Managua and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Further reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will take place within the framework of integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must exceed 24 years of age.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as reform of the international financial market and trade conditions, environmental pollution control, the risk of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, the elimination of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, the rapid urbanization of water and food, of course, are the governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal was to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue an advance notice of the forthcoming spacecraft and its objectives and basic parameters.
4.5 Through the joint investments of the Governments of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and Guyana, the project on poverty rural communities was introduced, focusing on rural development initiatives in the 2 and 3 districts.
However, only 7 per cent of this proportion was given to women in the interior with the assistance of doctors.
Noting also that the pilot plant produces UDMH, a more effective and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has greatly expanded its scope over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the abuse of international asylum systems and the level of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
It is also an effective mechanism for online training courses.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the most terrorist attacks in Bali on 12 October 2002 and recent attacks on the Malian brigade on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with the case, the mission established a Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All the components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this high-level dialogue — national Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and business sectors.
Following the comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States, a thorough review of the situation in countries that have adjusted the scale for the period 2001-2003, where gross national income growth has appeared to be disproportionate in dollar terms, and a revised methodology for the adjustment of rates of exchange (exchange rates) during the scale period, the Committee decided to extend to Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, Uruguay and Venezuela.
Once the Committee has decided to calculate the data to be used for the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5B is beginning to apply.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations in the implementation of sentences, and the understanding that future budgetary requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided for in support of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Decree No. 1334 issued by the Prime Minister on 5 May 2000, the responsibility for drafting the report of States of the United Nations human rights conventions was referred to a cross-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
More detailed reports will be provided after the meeting, not only to reflect the conclusions of the meetings but also to the discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 34.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report, Oxford, 2000, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, for their common desire, promoted action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training courses for a total of 631 training participants, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, depository library managers and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies should inform banks or financial institutions of the matter so that a computer system could be established to properly follow currency movements.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of LDCs in the context of the Integrated Framework for Trade-Related Technical Assistance and the expansion of activities to promote South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintain resources for language training at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 The Law on the Appointment of the Federal Institutions
It urges the Government to ensure that higher education for lawyers and judges is fully inclusive of the increased understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in this regard.
Currently, in many cantons of the Federation, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established, as the fight against trafficking can be successful only through close cooperation with various units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States Parties to accelerate de facto equality between men and women shall not be considered as discrimination referred to in the present Convention, nor shall therefore lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate criteria; these measures should be discontinued for the purpose of equality between men and women.
In the category B (mainly equivalent to the Administration), the proportion of women in German staff is 52.94 per cent (17,117 women and 104 men), with the share of women in the category C salary level (mainly equivalent to intermediate service) and 5372 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) The contribution of children to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, ensure that women are based on gender equality:
Total income in full-time employees*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I shall now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to exacerbate tensions and thus attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many speakers in international meetings on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Public Prosecutor in the area of Deas, Ukraine (2.2 million people).
• In accordance with article 500 of the Criminal Code, persons who are unable to identify persons who have actually committed terrorist acts should be held accountable to those who assist and instigate terrorist offences.
Official Journal No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As to whether the depositary should also be informed of the reasons for transmitting the information that does not formulate a reservation to other States Parties, this is a pending issue.
Needless to say, the depositary would become a supervisory person who might lose its “e office” character under the current law, which was a mistake and inadmissible under the proposed law.
Therefore, the Committee urges the Committee to pay greater attention to situations of liability arising from the activities of foreign ships and to pay greater attention to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts by flag States, registration States and, where appropriate, the port State.
It was also suggested that, in the areas of international law, such as environmental and economic law, legislation was increasingly characterized by self-contained regimes as a first step of the Commission's comprehensive survey of rules and mechanisms for dealing with possible conflict in relevant international instruments, and that, in particular, the relevant treaty law rules should be analysed in order to decide whether they were sufficient.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty in 1998, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to clarify the conceptual link between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts had to be made to enhance the dissemination of information on mandates and activities.
The UPDF withdrew from the police headquarters in Yambio camp and the town.
He expressed the understanding of States with regard to their concerns, but urged delegations to make every effort to reach a compromise.
Germany recognized that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments could threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts made towards peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, decision makers wish to ensure that sufficient research staff are provided with a view to meeting the increased demand that countries expand their scientific capacity and focus more on knowledge-based.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The subsequent biennial cycle will be determined at each policy session.
Policy documents of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and the increased awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to armed conflict should take all feasible precautions in areas under their control to protect civilian populations, civilian individuals and civilian objects from ERW.
The explosive ordnance stocks should be carried out on a regular basis, as appropriate, to ensure that munitions are expected.
Welcoming also the positive and strengthened review process for the first session of the Preparatory Committee for the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
Trade and Development Board
While we are strongly fighting against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not being violated.
Such reporting would help the sanctions Committee to measure compliance with sanctions and identify technical assistance required to improve implementation by States.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 into the working agenda of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
Policies for staff resources could be explored, as had been implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), including through such policies between OCHA and the Office of Human Resources Management to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large or complex emergencies, while drawing from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This has enabled WHO to benefit from the World Bank in its capacity as funding agencies later and to coordinate the relationship between representatives of WHO in Dili and UNTAET from an expert seconded from WHO (although provision is provided for only a small fraction of the overall activities of WHO in East Timor).
Details are provided in the Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Michel (Barbados): I have the honour to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The EU recently stressed in its Common Foreign and Security Policy on the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, suggesting that we are very keen to work together.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-personnel mines.
The UNCTAD report briefly recognized the impact of the conflict on the development of LDCs, and he welcomed.
The Advisory Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At the time of the impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the sole body capable of discussing the guiding principles for the consideration and identification of disarmament — will always serve as a framework for an effective and fruitful exchange.
From the date of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We consider this as an important gesture that will seriously pursue practical ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, a member of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it does not contain a total ban on landmines, but it has been widely supported by the main users of mines and the major producers in the way forward.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat who has served as an important post in Ose (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo believes that the draft UNCITRAL model legislative provisions on private financing infrastructure projects represent progress in the real sense, and that it will enable States to coordinate their legislation. It is also very pleased that the Government of the Congo decided to consolidate the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Private Financing Infrastructure Projects and retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including the date and venue
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Commission,
Table 11.5 (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to mine action as one of the priorities of the Ukrainian peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the issue of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to clarify and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
The progress made in implementing the HIPC Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, cumbersome procedures and even those that have reached the end of the process are unlikely to find themselves at a level of sustainable debt.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the enterprise resource planning system will replace all existing systems used by headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
DP/1997/2.
The prison sentence may be carried out through electronic monitoring means when serving the last four months' imprisonment.
UNEP noted that it supported the work done by the Centre for Crime Prevention in the area of crime prevention and expressed its hope for future cooperation on common concerns.
In view of my duties as President of the Islamic Summit, I think it is my responsibility to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can turn them to the members of the Security Council so that they take into account our positions in the consideration of the above-mentioned issues.
If we continue our efforts on the basis of these basic points, I am confident that we can describe the new prospects for global security: human rights are respected when countering the threats to our era — including terrorism.
The remaining reports will be submitted in the coming instalments.
The Panel has made a comparison of the total category “C” original claim for Palestinians and the group of Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinians submitted by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide concise and high-quality information on a number of issues that were representative in technical cooperation with the United Nations to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to that, the interaction between the United Nations technical cooperation providers has chosen, while overall coherence is achieved through the country programme development process.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to cooperate with relevant human rights bodies, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, with due regard to the promotion and protection of human rights in accordance with Security Council resolutions relating to terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace encompasses respect for life, full respect for human rights, the elimination of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, pluralism and mutual understanding among States and between nations, religions, cultures and other groups and individuals, today the range of values covered by the concept of a culture of peace is an integral part of almost all major initiatives of the national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian Armed Forces do not use the flammable frequency of cluster munitions.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Switzerland, Turkey, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In that regard, we welcome the results achieved by these organizations at the United Nations Headquarters meeting on 6 March.
A long-standing national report cannot be allowed to cover those States that have committed to supporting and combating terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, to abide by articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;
D. Preface control
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted his report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes the requirement of continuing nationality until the date of the request, which is related to individuals, and is based on judicial grounds to extend to legal persons.
There are still some vulnerable employees, however, who are excluded from the labour market's ten-year relaxed control and are almost not protected by trade unions, although there are allegations of good faith, there have been a number of resistance to labour relations through the mediation of employment relations legislation, and have led to the resolution of disputes in other areas such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation recognized that the ceiling on paid parental leave would limit the participation of some fathers in the programme, particularly in view of the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In order to counter pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has endeavoured to focus on children who have married or relationship.
In their view, the Interim Chemical Review Committee has already found sufficient and clear information sufficient to make recommendations by consensus and all relevant criteria for the inclusion of chrysotile asbestos have been met, and the relevant procedures have been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions from the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions.
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination — draft resolution 27 -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital inflows to developing countries
The first net inflow was due to the rapid growth of financial deregulation and European market markets in industrialized countries.
In the 1990s, official “saving” operations became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt-servicing capacity, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of that approach.
19 Debt relief International, Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC): Meeting with the Bretton Woods institutions of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC), 7 heavily indebted poor countries Ministerial Conference, Washington, D.C., 27 September 2002.
(h) A joint integrated third-party insurance scheme should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), the two sets of measures recommended for improving the quality of reports and analyses arising from special procedures, including the introduction of special procedures and the designation of candidates, the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and the need to strengthen the capacity of the Organization to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior Professional staff and the provision of good administrative support.
However, it may be interesting to note that there are currently 14 women representatives from 99 representatives of the National Assembly, while there are also one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Committee.
The number of secondary schools (at secondary) has now exceeded the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan for women specifically, the Royal Government undertakes to include measures to promote women's participation in development in all sectors of programmes and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
Divorce does not appear, as Bhutan does not like many other countries, it does not prohibit divorce.
More than half of the actions taken to combat such transactions are being diverted to sex workers, so that they are unable to monitor and deal with them, nor can they provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
36 Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of information and communication technologies by all countries and reduce the digital divide.
Finalization of areas that have already reached agreement and to address outstanding issues in order to prepare a universally acceptable instrument, in accordance with the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and in accordance with the discussions and discussions of the Open-ended Working Group of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee, and to recommend the format of the instrument.
Both hotels had been occupied by Iraqi forces and had been extensively damaged; the second hotel had been used as a centre of detention hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotels referred to in the third claim hotels had been widely burned by the Iraqi forces.
In this way, for example, the three claims submitted by persons operating in Kuwait, as referred to in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that, taking into account the nature of the bodies administered in each case, the extent to which significant losses were incurred, the duration of reconstruction, the first and second claimant claims of 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 and 31 March 1992 and the third instalment of the claimant.
11.11 The value of the commercial securities is calculated, and cash flow and reserves should be projected to be expected to be profitable and lost through assumptions.
Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the serious threat to the safety, health and lives of civilians and civilians in humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations of mines and other unexploded ordnance,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003)
Iraq has made a tremendous contribution to the understanding and appreciation of the law, science and art, and it is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution of Iraqi friends who enjoy common value to the people of Iraq should be a response to the Iraqi people's own hopes and aspirations.
The per capita gross national income fell to half of 2000.
Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (Office of the Coordinator in the occupied territories) on 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 and the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003 and approve the projections for 2004-2005 based on the light of the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
It is therefore true that the resignation of a member of the Office of Internal Oversight Services visited two United Nations information centres.
United Nations Children's Fund
Source: Spanish statistics on higher education in accordance with the National Statistical Institute and the Spanish statistics on education in science.
In the area of overall population mortality, there were 371,102 deaths in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professionals and works to promote the special issues of women's health as part of the development of programmes and studies.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments to the status enumerated above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
Undoubtedly, this issue poses a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States maintains its support for determining 18 years as the minimum age for recruitment or use of hostilities by State agents.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of the relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* As a result of internal consultations, the present document has been submitted late.
The public sector can be regarded as efficient when the public sector is effective, or “effective”, in line with the objectives of its operation.
The Conference decided, as appropriate.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to that view, a comprehensive approach could not produce a constructive outcome.
See also the 2003 Protocol to the Supplementary Fund for the Establishment of an International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund for the third party.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative addressed the Administrator to explain the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003).
http://www.cisg.at/1_2992v.htm
Promotion of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be derived from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or from knowledge generated through the implementation of the project.
Although awareness and understanding of the improvement of the level of improvement is rare to change behaviour, they can be useful in complementing and enhancing information and action on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
Moreover, in addition to the Bawayk area, the Forces nouvelles do not permit the full freedom of movement of military liaison officers; in Mann and Buana, they permit only military liaison officers to be able to access.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in the development of relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and to encourage Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In its efforts to find a peaceful resolution to the Iraqi crisis in the Security Council, Angola has always advocated the peaceful resolution of conflicts and reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for his excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions.
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
Although the Committee wished to spare no effort to improve the Commission's ability to comply with the Protocol, the Committee also recognized that the change of baseline data was a serious matter, and that it could be accepted only if the Committee had fully considered that there was sufficient reason to change its application.
He concluded that, in the context of both major atmospheric changes, the environmental impacts would have to be more justified to the efforts to protect the ozone layer: the faster we have achieved and the less likely to cause the damage.
(ii) In addition to the necessary uses that may be approved by the Parties, the consumption of methyl bromide was fully terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the reduction plan;
The Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The parties against whom the interim measure is directed have not received appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or the arbitral proceeding [in such case, the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings before the arbitral tribunal has heard the party]; or
It was further explained that the amendment was intended to allow the Court to refuse to recognize and implement a given interim measure to have discretion, and that the Court should not only be convinced of the major problems, but should also be convinced that the issue was the appropriate basis for refusing implementation and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of this provision should avoid unnecessary deviation from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group believes that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less likely to refuse to implement, this is not incompatible with the uniformity sought in these model provisions.
C. Decision on the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously held that Internet commodity advertisements were only invited (invitatio ad hoc of 72endum) and considered that a binding contract would only be established when the seller accepted the buyer's price (the offer).
In the financial intermediaries, the Financial Police Service is primarily responsible for the anti-money-laundering investigations, in accordance with section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Decree No. 153 of 26 May 1997, in accordance with the mandate of the Monetary Special Police Unit (in accordance with the terms of reference), and as supervisory authority:
It is very clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy or, in any case, within the jurisdiction of the Italian Penal Code.
The first offence
(Signed) NUIE BOB Ambassador Permanent Representative
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the Cambodian National Court is not affected.
The defendant Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiziu came from the municipality of Vitina, accused of engaging in terrorist activities, illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated that the Joint Liaison Group should invite, as appropriate, the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; the SBSTA reiterated the relevance of the technical paper prepared by the IPCC on biodiversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work of the Convention; and noted that the SBSTA had taken note of the work of the three Parties on the UNCCD, the CBD and the UNFCCC focal points;
Harvard University (2003-200): Professor Robert K. Kennedy visited and Professor Philippe Wauman to provide a course entitled “The empowerment of the judiciary”, to analyse how the Public Prosecutor performs functions and examine the various ways and means of committing crimes committed by officials of public law and private law and to organize a seminar on “Human Rights, International Business, Corruption and the Promotion of the Rule of Law in Developing Countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the Global Environment Facility (GEF), drawing upon lessons learned from GEF projects and programmes, in order to facilitate the simplification of these guidance and to report thereon to the COP at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for State-driven action to address the specific needs and circumstances of the Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the devastation caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considers that, in order to re-evaluate the country's rate of assessment in 2003, it would be preferable to apply the current scale of the United Nations operational rate of exchange, rather than price adjustments.
The European Union believes that adjustments to some assessments in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly should not, in any case, lead to the enhancement of other assessed contributions as provided for in the scale of the Conference.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized and uncomable Territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Civil Rights Code enumates the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and religion.
One of the concerns expressed over recent years is the drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violation of the rights of civilians by all parties to the conflict in Burundi and called for the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
The Foreign Ministry of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Montreal and Canada spoke on secondment of a senior diplomatic home for one year in the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Communications Network.
(c) International financial system and development;
The legislation aimed at Ganda and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to align them with the amendments to the Security Council Sanctions Committee and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) The Amir Order of the Ministry of Education, issued on 7 January 1979
As a result, OIOS terminated nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In the case of any of the offences covered by this article, the State party should, in conformity with its domestic law, endeavour to accelerate extradition procedures and simplify the evidentiary requirements associated with them.
Unless the State party to the person referred to in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of the present article, whatever the nationality of the person, shall not impose any restrictions on the freedom of prosecution, custody, punishment or of his or her personal liberty in the territory of the State transferred to the State where he or she was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public administration, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the request of the Meeting of States Parties, provide information to the States Parties on its own programmes, plans and practices and legislative and administrative measures to implement the present Convention.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within recognized boundaries.
North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons from North-East Asia and from the positions of international non-proliferation.
Part I.
Are there other benefits to strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued the 6th edition of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96) to provide guidance to States and other actors on access to prevention, medical care, care and support opportunities in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic of the Congo entered the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the terms of membership should commence on 21 April from the date of their election.
The revised appeals remain modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the achievement of gender equality under article 2, paragraph 2, and article 3, of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures throughout the country to ensure that families have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the ancestral land and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
A joint NGO statement should be encouraged.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms, such as “from their surface” or “certial sites”, which have different meaning in paper-based environments and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges in achieving the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations over the past decade
Activities:
Determining the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development and providing the necessary support for the rehabilitation of reconstruction.
The Arab ILO believes that assistance must be provided to all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, businessmen and workers' organizations:
- A broad coalition will provide assistance in the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high-income and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute, in accordance with their capabilities, to UNICEF core resources, to avoid increasing reliance on limited donor countries.
Many of these clearly reflect the interface between UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
The FIU therefore promotes training programmes related to preventing capital legalization and financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, in particular amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their production and production, illicit production has begun to extend from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Representative of the Committee that the organization and substantive preparations had been planned; most unedited pre-session documents had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee's internal website; the final version of the approved version would be posted on the Internet of UN-Habitat as soon as possible.
Add the first preambular paragraph
The official export level was reported to have reached $20 million between January and May 2003.
No one has made a statement under this item.
Stresses that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and to ensure timely delivery of conference services in the most cost-effective manner, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve that, activities such as the African Development Forum will be carried out, which aim to build consensus on important issues in Africa's development and to develop a collective vision for Africa on these issues and ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that poverty had a direct impact on girls' education, which had led to an increase in illiteracy and had an impact on women's employment, and said that urgent remedies were clearly needed for that purpose.
UNICEF's specific support in country cooperation programmes is provided.
The examples cited are only indicative and cannot be given one.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to examine the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina closely and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
In the long run, the Joint Command, led by the United States, was unilaterally laid down as the “United Nations Command”, and has thus been misused to violate the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda items 10 and 159.
Fifty-seventh session
These consultations include the President's participation in the draft general comments on the organizations of Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 shows export income data from sources.
The obligation of persons who investigate and prevent the commission of human cloning is under this article.
The joint fact-finding team of four parties continued to investigate violence, with the active participation of the parties.
Human Rights Officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff appointed in the Professional and higher categories for one year or more
Table 1 shows gender distribution in line with department and office levels.
The United Nations Development Group reported on this issue to the current session of the High-level Committee on Management and presented policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization (CIA) was granted a grant of $8 million for the five-year period of the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, which greatly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Pette Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges in North.
This is defined as the prolonged or temporary expulsion of individuals, families and communities, contrary to their will, from their homes or land, without, or cannot invoke appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusions recently presented by the United Nations and other parties on the analysis of the impact of sanctions have been found that these exemptions do not have such effect.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is important that the relevant courts or tribunals describe the nature and impact of the Convention and the importance of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b)
However, self-government must be linked to the public responsibility system, and the activities financed by the State are more such.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the preamble to the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
Specifically, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should give greater emphasis to the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
National indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources; nomadic peoples have adequate water in traditional or designated shelters; refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees, whether in refugee camps or in urban areas.
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of its obligation to respect.
The National Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar bodies should be allowed to address cases of violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
States parties generally have pointed out the means of declaring a state of emergency as defined in their legal systems and the applicable provisions for the regulation of derogation from the law.
Article 19
In order to meet the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), an offence may be raised in an oral or written manner, but it is necessary to indicate the legal and factual facts it is in accordance with the law and facts.
In explaining the scope of the restrictive clauses permitted, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights protected under the Covenant, including the equal and non-discrimination rights set out in articles 2, 3 and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interplay between many provisions can ensure the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented, and in the framework of the electoral system of each State, the vote in the ballot shall be equal.
The State party must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and practices that may interfere with women's right to privacy on an equal basis with men and with other rights protected by article 17.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights also provides for the right of peoples to self-determination in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practices.
In order to ensure independence and effective oversight, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, financial resources, including funds earmarked for the rights of children in broad-based institutions, staff, premises, premises, no impact on their independence.
Government departments can only participate in advisory capacity.
Clearly, in any future decolonization programme, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account.
Therefore, we are not making it a formal draft resolution, but we hope that delegations will have the opportunity to consider and decide how we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of its sessions.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on 24 September 2003 in the general debate
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on preparations for the 2005 International Year of Microcredit and to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely, the Magistrate's Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides British citizenship to the Overseas Territories, including Bermuda.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living, with the highest purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income for persons aged 54 and above is USD 11,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education in Bermuda is a key aspect of its comparative advantage compared with other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administration; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; writers of specialized agencies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen under resolutions 1267 (1999), 133 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to significantly increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular funds and programmes, as long as possible, to contribute on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need for further exploration of other sources of funding, which are complementary to traditional sources rather than alternative;
Takes note of the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways of enhancing cooperation, collaboration and coordination, including through the full alignment of the strategic framework, modalities and partnership arrangements with recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring greater coherence in the framework of the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the strategic frameworks designated by the Bretton Woods institutions;
Stresses the importance of providing adequate support to least developed countries that are affected by conflicts, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, in accordance with the need to help those countries;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system and its subsequent decision to devote a coordination segment to the review and appraisal of system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions by 2005,
Considering also the work programme attached to the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration, which was held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, aimed at linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Transland Transport Network to ensure the interoperability of the two persons,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies alone through foreign direct investment and other channels could also not ensure that technology was available.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that four persons could be members of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office: Yivin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Mrs. Anna Paflo-Sassirka (Russian Federation) and Sabaman (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and non-discrimination in that regard, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti has left homeless persons with housing and social integration foundations
(d) Takes note of the Committee's no longer considering the State's complaint with regard to the following organizations:
The Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide the secretariat with relevant information on the use of the draft format and the questionnaire to be used for six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be:
The drafting group noted that no procedures had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reaffirms the request of the Secretary-General to prepare, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, guidelines for the discussion of the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five speakers spoke on the theme of the trend in trafficking in persons, with particular emphasis on data collection, global trends against trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children are reported to be placed in urban households, which in some cases form of trafficking.
UNITAR Workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions and on how to prepare and adopt resolutions
No evidence of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activities was found in the inspection.
Question of Tokelau
National efforts to counter terrorism should not be overlooked in the sense of the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director presented to the Executive Board a final preliminary projection in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS 2002 revised budget (DP/2003/CRP.3), in which UNOPS had actually achieved better results in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection teams
First Panel: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8.30 a.m. to the Al Muthanna's waste site.
Articles 19 and 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2, with 5 abstentions (resolution 57/325).
It is indeed important for political discussions, and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as was the case at the previous session.
With the same clear objective, we have several countries, through the Organization of American States, supported the call for compliance or ratification of the Treaty by other States in our region.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts is worthy of consideration and that the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the Panel to carry out specific verification mandates after the authorization of the Security Council.
In that connection, it should be mentioned in particular that the Norwegian Refugee Council's Global IDP Project would enhance the application of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
Although companies are the main legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that might need such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply irrespective of whether arbitral, judicial or similar procedures are relevant to matters that are or are subject to conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for all of them on our side and for their efforts to resolve the crisis peacefully.
However, in order to maximize the impact of the Unit on the costs of activities within the United Nations system, it is not enough to improve the quality of the design and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed its mandate by one hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In 2005, in accordance with Annex V to the Convention, a thematic network was assisted in the launching of a subregional meeting of States Parties in the Northern Mediterranean (including consultants, logistical costs and travel of participants) in 2004 (in the total amount of $40,000), in 2004); in 2004 the United States Parties to the Basel Convention assisted in the participation of non-EU Parties in Annex IV, and in assisting the launching of a network of participants in the Asia and the Central African Republic (30);
In a continuing dialogue on the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council issued 13 draft strategic objectives by the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year aid agreement (2004-2007).
“f) To maintain a fixed place of business entirely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio, provided that the overall activities of the fixed place of business as a result of such a combination of such activities are preparatory or supportive.
The Government of Hungary trusts that the present report and the previous reports will help the Committee to assess the actions taken by Member States and to recommend proposals for improving existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) For the purposes described in subparagraph (a), the seizure of large amounts of assets or property and the provision of the exchange of conditions for the transfer of assets or property, shall be punishable under subparagraph (1) by the Government or international organization.
The National Federation of Wirtschaftsprüfer of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender Online Monitoring Group”, reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a one-time allowance is determined by the Minister of Labour by year.
Women accounted for 50 per cent in 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998 and in 1999 and 2000 were among 51.5 per cent of the labour force in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000)
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, transfer of heads of household, etc., are valid only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and Support for Peoples
The discussions recorded in the present summary record began from 2.25 p.m.
For the latter, it would be submitted at the Committee's session?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that the IMF's intention was not to develop a standard, but rather to recognize the criteria already established by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis for inter-State relations; mutual respect and desire for peace are a link between countries and small nations.
Corruption is a major source of poor economic performance and is a major impediment to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the increasing collaboration between entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue this collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special session of the Security Council Committee against Terrorism held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova Group submitted a summary report on the Group's counter-terrorism activities.
It is the message that has led to the various summits that have led to the Millennium Declaration and the subsequent years, including, inter alia, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Following the nomination by the representative of Belize, Jonymel (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information responded that some requests that the allocation of resources between the various languages units of United Nations Radio would not change.
With regard to agenda item 4, concerning the least developed countries, he noted that effective and sustainable capacity-building in LDCs was a complex issue requiring long-term vision.
These objectives are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the International Development Indicators Plan for Poverty has reached at least 7 per cent GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people had not received important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of the evaluation and implementation of the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an essential part of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to seek sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The issues referred to in the present agenda item and related actions are described below.
Recalling Council resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider establishing an ad hoc advisory group to any post-conflict African countries, as well as Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government had taken a number of measures, the Centre for Gender Information and Policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Ministry of Christian Women's Federation of Belarus were published in November 2001 a brochure entitled “The Trafficking in Human Beings: or reality?
Unless urgent steps are taken to address this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and annex IV, the proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $0.5 million, of which $429.9 million is programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for administrative and management expenditure.
A portion of the operational costs of the office was drawn from the special-purpose contributions to the Foundation per year (designated for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held its preliminary consideration of the budget for 2004.
Addendum
Other business
Rapporteur: Mr. Dauth (Ireland)
Takes note of the continuing work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session under General Assembly resolution 57/1166;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5.2 of the UNIDO Constitution, the request for the restoration of the right to vote was agreed with Lithuania;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industrial sector, and in particular noting the encouraging results achieved in the pilot phase of the project launched in 2000,
The analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa is a long-term problem.
Even in light of the most optimistic growth prospects of the world economy, it is now difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Doha Ministerial Conference was another issue of concern.
The same name is once again emerging once again in those working in the sanctions Committee.
We would like to recommend that this approach be further implemented in Africa and elsewhere in the future.
The results of these different discussions should be a reference to the Council's approach to the issues it has assumed.
(d) In particular through the training of criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes through:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wendland outlined the work and plan of WIPO on TK.
He met again with the Government's Senior Minister, including the Minister of the Interior Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Im Chhunlem.
The proposed programme will require extensive consultations, well-known open debates and should be actively consulted with prosecutors and prosecutors in the future, and there must also be strong political will to overcome the gap between the “lawful region” and the “real zone”.
With the end of armed conflict, large land has become a very valuable asset, and it is an attempt to induce the military to claim ownership of the pre-warfield and non-controlled remote areas.
The analytical process leading to the elaboration of the Standard Rules is the product of joint efforts by many international organizations and individual experts, including persons with disabilities and the Standard Rules Monitoring Mechanism.
The relevant Australian authorities are investigating this matter in Australia, who has identified some of the supporters of the party.
While aware of the differences between States in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development, he noted that these differences should not be the reason for reducing the level of achievement of future conventions.
Some mid-term reviews found that some of the advocacy activities were too broad, and it was suggested that UNFPA should maintain a proper focus at the country level to select a focus on specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to present its preliminary comments.
The Permanent Mission of Cuba to the United Nations
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation concerning the Quartet for International Mediation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations publication of the Road Map in the Middle East
Three people died in that explosion and more than 200 were injured.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to help complete the transition process and follow-up at the end of this year's mandate.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made special reference to the contribution made by the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard quoted a number of important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement social interest initiatives, such as promoting learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote the development of a culture of anti-markets in society, particularly among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals working to combat and prevent organized crime.
Section 4 Responsibility of departments, offices and heads of mission
We note the continued work of simplification and harmonization of programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a consistent approach to promoting institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, coordination of coordination, and standards for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping military exercise, held in Francisco, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
The expected accomplishment (a), after the words “by programme managers”, add the words “in accordance with the mandate”.
The Committee is of the view that a 50 years after the repatriation grant provided to outgoing United Nations staff has been outdated and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Board noted that the objective of the secretariat of the consolidated Chief Executives Board for Coordination was to ensure a more unified and coordinated response to policy directives and mandates from Member States, and looked forward to the Executive Director of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination to the relevant parts of resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Commission considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In that connection, the Committee stresses the need for CEB to keep under review inter-agency coordination on NEPAD.
Response to the questionnaire on door-to-door transport and replies from States and international organizations to the scope of the draft instrument
For example, the issue of rail must be fully taken into account.
Experts responsible for the establishment of a network overview workshop suggested important recommendations that the General Assembly should consider.
New York
Their pension increases vary according to wages and working age before retirement, up to 37.8 per cent (on average 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property
The claimant also stated that the transfer agreement had been signed on 6 August 1990 and that it had not been signed because of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The report on category D claims relates to the review of individual claims for damages above $10 million; E1 claims report relates to the review of claims filed by the oil sector; E2 claims reporting relates to the review of claims submitted on behalf of non-Kuwaiti companies and other business entities; E3 claims reporting relates to the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; F4 claims reporting on the review of the environment claims by Palestinians; and the review of individual claims of the maximum amount claimed amount of $10 million.
Decision on the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year programme of cooperation with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) since September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities began in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste-processing plants have been established in Ethiopia and processes have been undertaken in several African countries to optimize their activities ( cleaner technologies).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all parties involved, including Member States, in the preparation of the report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19), and orally amended it to add the date of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and during the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27 on the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries that are particularly vulnerable to small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity to implement legislation
(m) The importer must obtain a copy of the import licence of its local authorities and the export licence of the exporter prior to their import;
(f) States may enhance their cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments, and measures should be taken to ensure the legality of shipments in airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions to the use of a standard computerized debt management system in the Office of Finance and/or the Central Bank, who will be trained and assisted in the efficient use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level) (Other level)) — Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (case manager)
• Working with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and legal submissions (in particular on evidentiary and procedural matters)
The objective of the subprogramme is to provide oversight and proceedings for appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber as follows:
• A substantial number of requests for participation and compensation from victims who are effectively dealt with by the Section, which does not raise unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance 16 months (P-2): €734,584
Thus, in the first half of 2004, the Secretariat would be the time to be able to build its capacity.
Participation in participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide additional information on women's health, and therefore is conducting research to obtain sex-disaggregated data in terms of infant and child mortality, breast-feeding women, prenatal and post-natal care and bacteria.
The provision of this article shall not be interpreted to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not preclude the State party from exercising any criminal jurisdiction established under its domestic law.
The State party may request that the requested State Party provide, in a reasonable manner, information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement the request.
In the absence of such agreements or arrangements between States Parties concerned, these States Parties may consider establishing mutual law enforcement cooperation on any of the offences covered by the present Convention on the basis of this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that, in the interest of all humankind, the possibility of using chemical weapons will be further promoted;
Substantive and substantive sessions
Also requests the Secretary-General to develop measures, where necessary, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the United Nations Staff Regulations and Rules, to prevent discrimination in the United Nations as a result of nationality, race, sex, religion and language, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980 and to give due consideration to the recommendations consistent with the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even with the standard measurement of developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a country of extreme poverty, as described in the box below, how to bridge the gap between initiatives supported by the United Nations system and to work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you intercepted individuals from the list at the points of entry or transit?
Another speaker said that it was time for greater efforts to publicize the world's broader impact on the work of the United Nations.
Regulation 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and concessional price insurance; fiscal incentives: tax exemptions, reducing or exempt tax revenues for profit, capital, labour force, sales, value added and import; and other incentives: for example, infrastructure subsidies and public facilities.
In particular, the following good practices should be borne in mind in the implementation of the cluster portfolio development programme:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has proposed the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save the time of the discussion of the proposal.
The scope of the activities carried out during that period was broad.
The first budget document of the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 incorporates the concept of gender mainstreaming as adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its agreed conclusions 1997/2 and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all bodies dealing with the programme and budget, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, the medium-term plan and the programme budget are clearly gender mainstreaming.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel does not cease its destruction of property, confiscation of land, arrest of thousands of Palestinian youths, closure of roads, construction of roads for Israeli settlement services, restrictions of actions and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter the holy sites in East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern at the increasing restrictions on the capacity of humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated personnel to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the Tribunal's work and that the Tribunal's work should be brought to bear the desired results in due consideration of the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: Statement by the President annually to the General Assembly; participation in meetings on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Other five cases relate to seven accused; the cases were one accused in the Semanza case, one accused in the Niyitegeka case, one accused in Kamuhanda case and one accused in Kajelijeli, and three accused in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), by which 18 ad litem judges were approved.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Liu, a citizen of the United States, had been arrested and sentenced for three years to attempt to interfere in radio and television programmes; Australia's citizens had been abducted by the National Security Council of China; Yuzi Zhang had been sentenced for the preparation and publication of an article on the situation of Chinese Falun Gong members; and 16 in the Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States of their responsibility in responding to the hostile Islamic and hostile Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the grave nature of these allegations, noting that this has not been the first letter on such incidents, and regrets the Government's failure to respond to his communications.
The concept of freedom of information is one of the most basic human rights in itself, namely, the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries will achieve their greatest aspirations, namely, to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be the foundation of the Global Counter-Terrorism Alliance.
I am confident that, before attempting to modernize the United Nations instrument, serious analysis and careful judgement must be undertaken.
The authorities have been established, as is the case in the car.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health or other institutions to monitor national objectives and plans to improve reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40)).
These tragic events make the Special Rapporteur more determined to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that Iraqi democracy is firmly rooted in human rights culture and to bring to justice those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations over decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines promulgated in 2004 will provide for the entire period of the mine-action capacity-building project (Goal 32).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.6883-68).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid the discussion of the issue at both forums.
Both Governments and private creditors' associations participating in the Group of Ten Working Group have developed a number of model clauses.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein gives rise to knowledge or suspicion of involvement in money-laundering.
The Panel will continue its consideration of the specific issues selected by the London Group at its meeting.
In that regard, the creation of a pilot project on the United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity has placed its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities aim to build capacity in areas such as trade and services, investment, trade promotion, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, the Council authorized him to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2003).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter dated 27 November to Prime Minister Sharon, the Secretary-General continued to await the Government's return to the investigation of the death of Mr. Holmes, who was a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the general recommendation on article 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Alternative B will have a serious negative impact on this process.
The website, which was protected by password, was operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Although there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agrees with France and Germany that the issue of cloning can be in any way affected.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions now provide financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“The implementation of measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of financing at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
By 31 December 2002, only half G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for health insurance schemes, and in 2003, a new post should better control the transfer of health insurance schemes to the field.
In that amount, $1,149,291 was a reserve for 2001 and was used to write off funds paid to implementing partners for a long period of time in 1994-2000.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments under the following assumptions: (a) an adequate extrabudgetary assessment of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) the willingness of Member States to support the establishment of a monitoring mechanism to the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) Member States wish to request technical advisory services to provide active responses to the technical advisory opinion provided and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda's programmes and projects.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify relevant legislation in order to develop or reform procedures for refugee status, while others reported taking steps to promote the transfer of responsibility for refugee status to national authorities by UNHCR.
Following the Algiers meeting, the African Union Commission had given high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the secretariat of the Caribbean Community
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have always been confronted by large-scale international terrorism and extremism and believe that this evil is inseparable from global threats and cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Development Bank adopted international accounting standards.
3-4 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5
48th plenary meeting High-level Dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [1104 (b)]
Amendments to Regulation 98: 30 October 20031
There is no criminal responsibility for children under 9 years of age.
In accordance with the Criminal Code, persons engaged in illegal trade in children shall be criminally liable for the purchase, sale and any other type of offence.
Background
There is no multi-purpose and “time” problem in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing number of persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, kidnapping, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrests and detentions, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
consumer goods
Tomuschat was of the view that the Treaty established a general regime of strict or objective liability solely for dealing with extremely dangerous activities.
In such cases, however, the injured party is the entire State.
A choice must be made between the law of the authorizing State and the law of the State where the injury occurred.
“Amoco Cadiz case (1978) demonstrates the approach taken by the Court to measure damage to the environment.
A parent company's Indian Uranan oil company is also unlikely to have voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (on 5 April 2003), which provides that financial institutions and other industries dealing with financial transactions (bank, currency exchange, financial companies, equity companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
In the case of resources permitting, other operational activities will be undertaken, such as in the area of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better inform the General Assembly of the work of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender awareness and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwati Matt Company
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements were separated from civilians, as well as to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's view that it would be preferable to consider in-depth discussions on globalization in order to review specific aspects in a more detailed manner.
International Council for Mining and Metals
Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illegal brokers play a key role in facilitating the transfer of arms illegally to groups that may not be purchased by lawful means; they have the countries and groups that are subject to embargoes, rebels, organized criminal elements and terrorists.
My delegation therefore wishes to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matiya Muamumba Kanuka, Uganda, for his way of leading the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• decentralized cooperative service structures
• International Law Institute — Center for African Law (Kay)
The World Bank's experience in Anra Pradesh in India shows how the decentralization of SMART (SMART, ethics, credibility, accountability and transparency) forms of governance is using the Internet to carry out reforms such as “the Integrated Information Centre for Civil Service” and the registration of contracts.
Calls upon States, international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support for the achievement of the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Coalition agreement states that, following the parliamentary debate on self-government in the spring of this year, the Government will take a decision on whether to establish a governmental entity/sector to deal with matters of autonomy and will take a decision on whether a referendum on autonomy is held.
Improving their conditions has been the primary political priority.
To that end, incentives must be strengthened.
The subsidized programme is a principle of equal opportunity.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network that provides objective, regular and accurate reports of incidents of children being committed.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a widely recognized indigenous group.
In that connection, the seminar played a significant role, including the participation of a British representative in the Seminar, and in his own words, he was personally aware of the true idea of the Anguilla's choice of self-determination.
A special compendium of companies on Millennium Development Goals topics has been prepared for the following agencies: UNFPA (Squality of women), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), the Refugee Commissioner (refugees), UNDP and the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased coordination and cooperation among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussions explored how to support the current WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and the support expressed during the meeting to address these issues, particularly with regard to identifying measures to enhance competitiveness, diversify and increase the value of products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting, entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As financial management, the Indonesian Bank has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to their banks and may impose administrative sanctions on non-compliance with the provisions of the report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and in-depth assessments of the country's needs, and recognizes the most effective need to be met through interregional and/or regional initiatives.
This is the decision of the general management procedure of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Council, is responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation to provide technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules for registering objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are entirely applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but it was not possible to consider how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that international consensus on that issue would support the proposal of Belgium if it was necessary to vote.
We therefore believe that the Security Council formally receives the views, suggestions and recommendations of the General Assembly on the report of the Council.
We hope that the deliberations of the General Assembly on the report will provide useful feedback to the Council for the future improvement of its work.
Every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year year every year year every year every year year every year every year every year every year every year year every year year every year every year every year every year every year every year year year each year every year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year annually annually annually annually annually year year year year year year year year year year year annually year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year year annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year every year each year annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually annually every year every year every year
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern at the fact that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and results of its previous meetings;
A/57/644, A/57/37 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signing or ratifying or acceding to the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the Director of the plant and asked about matters relating to the ownership of the refineries, the proximity of some buildings and production operations affiliated to the North gas company (North Gas Company).
The Colombian people support the Government of Colombia in its efforts to claim control over the Territory, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter describes the process and outlines some of the potential ideas regarding the content of voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested that a set of voluntary guidelines to be prepared by a “intergovernmental working group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that, in accordance with articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles of international law, international cooperation for the development of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States.
Question:
It would be responsible for the effective use of charter-based air assets, monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on promoting international cooperation in the field of human rights, based on non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States.
In that regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be properly balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003;
“In addition to the widespread problems faced by developing countries, many of the remaining small island Territories are also difficult owing to the interaction of many factors, such as their small size, location, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, ecosystem vulnerability, transport and communications restrictions, from commercial centres, weak local technical capacity, acute dependence on freshwater supply, extreme dependence, low levels of commodity dependence, small quantities of commodities, small populations, and the high level of financial resources.
I can certainly say that this seminar brings real hope to the people of the Pacific, namely, in the pursuit of some lasting solutions, the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers.
In particular, it was important for the Committee to make a statement by the people of Tokelau, who said that the working session with the Special Committee had been successful as a result of the empowerment of humanity.
These activities will have a wide range of effects, most notably on the optimal use of resources, planning and implementing nuclear power plants, monitoring their functioning and improving skills.
The Congolese men who are not required and married to an alien to join the female nationality.
As infrastructure and other social services institutions are fully damaged, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, and agricultural activities cannot be carried out, while the return of most recently millions of refugees has increased.
With regard to the second index, while Member States had a large share of their outstanding assessed contributions, they had been much lower at the end of 2002 to $116.4 million, compared to $2,106 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to the country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and cinema, young people can also see violence where they can be seen?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water system in the area of the return of Hargeisa and around refugees.
Support for prohibited groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Stresses the importance of the prompt entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
The focus on forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for women's independent enjoyment of rights and rights are designed to enable women to benefit from forest resources, while also protecting forest resources.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties on preparations for the First Review Conference of the Parties
Article 8
Step 13: Further development of the necessary verification capabilities to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thus establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Association of Non-Aligned Countries said that discrimination in the justice system was not only a problem of poverty, since the middle of the middle of the population of African descent or the rich had been discriminated against in the justice system.
Mov against Racism and for Fribourg, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of Portugal
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kukar and his Government in implementing the road map to peace.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of the question of whether the rights enshrined in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights are subject to judicial decisions, as well as the need for further elaboration of indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant”.
It was also pointed out that the time frame for hard time was not proportionate to some exceptions to the security right, namely, that in some cases priority was given to time rather than to the time of filing (for example, an acquisition security right).
With regard to other issues that should be addressed in chapter VII, a number of recommendations were made.
An independent assessment of some of the projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements reached with beneficiaries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy so that it can rid itself of its long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and its negative integration.
Coordination, programme and other issues
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that the existence of 35 women in Parliament was not only a victory for Moroccan women, but a victory for Muslim women; it was shared with all women.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several dwellings.
States are reluctant to freeze physical assets such as businesses or property to further complicate the issue.
Of the 272 individuals, there are little known whereabouts.
In addition to those who cannot control the listing in the world, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate their own business assets or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to face.
The unique forms and causes of the crisis associated with HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa, as well as the situation in Iraq, have prompted the United Nations to identify clearly its humanitarian role and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report covers areas where progress has been made in the implementation and international support of the New Partnership, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port for facilitating the delivery of raw materials for manufacturing.
The further development of the process leading to the identification of the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement made by the Government of the Republic of Serbia stating that the present form of the document was unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders were also kept from the document.
Now, we need to support these mechanisms and provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it prove that the formulation of resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws and the original criteria/ benchmarks as a basis for this important document be deleted?
The owners and the local communities of the family have always recognized that there are different values and scales of time in the area of forests.
The capacity to implement the required programme functions has been strengthened to improve the advocacy and effectiveness of the following small offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million net support estimates funded from other resources and trust funds (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In the capital, the supporters of General Rose Monteiro were built by public cars and trucks, with a large number of shrimps, blocked the streets, surrounded the building of the Supreme Court and destroyed property, and the Constitutional Court had appealed to the Constitutional Court in such violent protests.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
On 6 and 21 August 2002; 6 and 27 September; 14, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 13th, 17 and 18 December 2003; 15, 23 and 23 February 2003; 12 and 26 March; 20 March, 19 and 26 March; 20th, 19th, 19th, 29th, 29th, 25th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 20th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th, 29th, 18th, 18th, 29th, 29th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 27th, 25th, 20th, 29th, 27th, 25th, 20th, 20th, 18th, 29th, 28th, 29th, 29th, 29th, 29th, 27th, 27th, 29th, 26th, 27th, 27th, 26th, 26th, 26th, 29th
(Thousands of United States dollars)
The inspection was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee conducted a quarterly review of the travel ban list, and decided to delete the names of two persons from the list of the travel ban and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be deleted.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendations (82) - 88
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but other States have not fully complied with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons and the threat of such weapons into the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand had made full loans to the International Monetary Fund for the first two years.
In order to such a future, Thailand is doing its utmost and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups is criminalized;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will commence in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutional institutions
The UNAMI core group will lead to operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq and coordinate United Nations agencies' activities and provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraphs 4 (b) and 1 (a) of the sanctions regime (resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a)), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources derived from property owned or controlled directly by them or by persons acting on behalf of them or on behalf of them or by persons acting under their instructions, and ensure that no such funds, or any other assets or resources are made available to their nationals or in their territory.
Kenya is seriously addressing this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the context of domination and domination, but also in all interpersonal relationships.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and in creating a secure environment for peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The region's structural imbalances are not conducive to the creation of full employment to absorb an annual economic active population.
30 November 2003
One solution is to include a provision indicating that diplomatic protection is a supplement to the special regime for investment protection or human rights protection, but it is important to adopt a binding decision such as judicial decisions or arbitral decisions to provide protection under a special regime.
The Greek delegation believes that the best option is to assume civil liability by virtue of whom the residual liability is the State.
The topic of a legal regime for the sharing of losses arising from transboundary harm from hazardous activities is continuing to be dealt with in the draft articles on prevention, with reasonable treatment.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Although economic recession and financial crises are likely to occur during the biennium, the industries associated with space will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The Workshop on Trade and Environment Capacity Building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002 was jointly held with the WTO Regional Workshop on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be paid to the preparations for the high-level dialogue with representatives of the public sector and civil society to be held by the General Assembly.
(Donall Macla Easiga, Department of Kellert, subsequently became the convener of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (not Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need for a satisfactory resolution of the outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW in order to pave the way for the effective, adequate and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most of developing countries' production could also be concentrated in some small and medium-sized enterprises.
As stated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues, as they have a broad impact.
The National Forest Programme Services Project was chaired by FAO and supported by many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland had obtained the required two-thirds majority of the votes, elected members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, take into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States is subject to severe civil and/or criminal penalties if the assets of individuals and entities that have been discovered that have not been frozen in the list of global terrorists, which are specifically designated by the Control Service of Foreign Assets.
Have you intercepted individuals from the list at the points of entry or transit?
- Act No. 48/208 on preventing money-laundering (for example, cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invites all Parties to the Convention to communicate information to the COP.
Economic impact assessment of the response
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize stated that the rise in sea level might not have 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening freshwater supply to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia shared with Singapore the International Court of Justice to deal with the dispute over the sovereignty of Petra Branca/Pulau Batu Puth, Diddle Rocks and South Ledge.
In the light of this situation, a careful effort is being made to remedy the alarming situation in the conservation and management of fisheries, and to ensure the long-term sustainability of the fish stocks, bearing in mind that the international community has urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to the maximum level of sustainable fishing by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North Sea”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultative mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports of the involvement of mercenaries in armed conflict in Colombia, primarily related to drug cartels, and related to self-defence paramilitary and private oil companies.
Secondly, any amendment to the Convention in order to prosecute more effectively the criminal acts and international wrongful acts of mercenaries, the recommendations and mechanisms being prepared should be heard from a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a highly closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for economic development and poverty eradication.
This dialogue is a significant step towards normalization and implementation of the Stabilization and Association Process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 of the provisional agenda
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided it with a wide range of support and services during the return of United Nations agencies to the country.
Mr. Castillo: Members will have access to my full text of the text and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic treatment everywhere, and we believe that it is playing a role.
Annotated provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a reply from the Government regarding the urgent appeals sent to that order.
Given the many expertise in demand reduction issues in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, UNDCP should also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework document on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for the fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to reduce the cost of ICT hardware and software through incentives and incentives for the use and further development of free and open software;
At its 7th meeting, the Board heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development of UNCTAD.
The President made a statement at the same meeting.
Another participant expressed the view that the Johannesburg Summit Plan of Implementation had provided a source of facilities for identifying needs.
Other participants felt that the Commission had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, in accordance with the Johannesburg Summit Plan of Implementation and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, and that its mandate had been indirectly included in the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training workers to ensure the application of the best available technologies, but that such activities needed to be supported by Governments and needed appropriate political and legal frameworks.
The proposal could be further enriched.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with all types of coercive measures, ranging from Chapter VI to conflict resolution under Chapter VII.
What we need to do?
First, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan regarding the tragic events of 19 August, which resulted in the deaths of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also to be able to participate in many other ways in which they are in accordance with their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been formulated in accordance with subprogramme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
34 African least developed countries are concerned about the outcome of the thirty-eighth session of the UNCTAD Governing Council devoted to LDCs.
Mr. Ducos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my gratitude to Mr. Morris for his extremely interesting statement, and I think that his statement contains very important information and figures and expresses human experience.
Regulation 7.1.4 The audit shall be carried out in accordance with accepted common auditing guidelines, except with special instructions from the General Assembly, and shall be subject to the supplementary mandates contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) is now in force and that this fact has been duly endorsed by the 18th meeting of the OPANAL, which was held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003; and also takes note of the outcome of the Conference of the General Assembly, including the Havana Declaration.”
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was published in October 2002 and was endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) and raised again the link between pillaging resources and human rights violations, while demonstrating the deep roots of the war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of several cases: Mr. Blaise Blise and his family had been the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened by arrest and death; his two relatives had been imprisoned for his request to ensure the protection of civilians.
He took it that the visit clearly demonstrated that the Government had intensified its cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees of detention procedures
One year ago, the United Nations had adopted a resolution on small arms, which had become a resolution by the Economic Community of West African States on assistance States to combat the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and to collect and destroy light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been watched.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this vision under your presidency, Sir, and address this issue in other regional organizations.
We have held regular staff consultations and, on the ground, I have mentioned Kosovo, where the OSCE mission is part of UNMIK and its pillar.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring CCA, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cites its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, debt burden and other measures in the framework of the G-8 African Plan of Action.
His delegation added that the future programme of work of the Authority had to be studied in an appropriate manner to ensure that environmental emergencies were not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
The work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities found that the problems faced by persons belonging to minorities and minorities could not be resolved and could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable, not only because of its depth of discussions, nor because it promotes the evolving practice and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/128, A/58/727, A/58/377, A/58/374, A/58/314, A/58/318, A/58/534, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/325, A/58/323, A/58/329 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for Sustainable Development in Central America” (under agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Commission wished to consider those texts provisionally pending consultations.
There is no legislation.
I, sect.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To request development partners to supplement the lack of financial resources for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize countries.
(c) Replace the words “and countries with economies in transition” with the words “and countries with economies in transition” with the words “in developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that have no representation or general representation of women”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives that are being undertaken at the international level will be directly or indirectly in the formulation and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices.
The recent initiative on the development of data-sharing models has carried out three separate projects.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that the compensation programme is quickly developed and that the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference in Doha in 2001 recognized the importance of accelerating the flow, placement and clearance of goods, including trans-shipment, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public functions and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equitable and equal opportunities to compete for all elected and non-elected public offices;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (under agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the delegation of Norway)
Noting General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, efforts to ensure that scientific progress can benefit individuals and develop in respect of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to submit a report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The UNOCI mission, the Kosovo Force and the ICTY will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings committed several weeks ago and those responsible for crimes during armed conflict are brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of innovative new public and private sources of finance for development purposes, provided that these sources do not create an appropriate burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposal contained in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus on the use of special drawing rights allocations for development purposes;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons in the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan could be extradited to foreign trials or serving sentences.
Participants agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate to establish a lasting peace and permit the two States to live side by side within secure and recognized borders on the basis of the principles established by the two States, Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as a summary of sources and systems, that the United Nations country team can ensure that results are accountable and lessons learned.
The system is based on results and is concise and more in line with UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In this context, the reservation does not apply to the relationship between the two Parties in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention: “In such cases, the consequences of the withdrawal of reservations are to extend the scope of application of the treaty and to cover the provisions of the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the Action Team's mandate relates to the implementation of a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, to the management of natural disaster mitigation, response and disaster prevention, through the use of Earth observation, communications and other air base services, while maximizing the use of existing capacities and minimizing gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias has received approximately 50 honorary degrees issued by eminent institutions, such as Harvard, Florence, Matchles, Oberin, and in Washington, D.C., as well as many awards issued by other advanced capitals, including the Monjina Lutheran Peace Prize, the Philosophy Award, the Philosophy Award, the Philosophy of the University.
Agenda item 57
(The unit should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family, through its Service of Equal Opportunities, is a governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of promoting equal opportunities for women and men and the elimination of all forms of gender-based discrimination.
With regard to households with indoor heating using wood, coal and fuel, the “Social Programme” approved by the Government's decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250 000/month to 300.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with other stakeholders to develop a regional disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean Emergency Relief Agency.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the CCA and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2 Income received by UNDP
Article 67 Method of suspending application
In the light of that, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “intermediated applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress on Crime Prevention, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In the area of employment: flexible methods for hiring in accordance with the skills and capacity of persons in different locations;
However, it also stresses some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual objectives and objectives of organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for employees serving in difficult duty stations was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member insisted that the State-owned companies were not part of the public/non-profit sector, as other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
Although the members of the Commission and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group agreed with the use of other data-collection methods, representatives of staff associations advocated that data collection should be completed through field interviews with the data collection team, in certain cases, local salary commissions could decide on other methods if they were considered useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, the Central African Republic, Chile, Côte d'Ivoire, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Mexico, the United Republic of Tanzania, Mexico, Peru, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of Macedonia, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of Korea, Peru, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Peru, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, Mexico, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of the Russian Federation, Mexico, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Russian Federation of Korea, Slovakia, Mexico, Peru, Peru, Peru, Slovenia, Slovenia, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico
(i) Advisory services: mission to promote capacity-building at the request of Governments, strengthen national-level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream a gender perspective in national policies and programmes, focusing on women's effective integration into the overall development support mechanism to promote understanding of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
www.un.org/Docs/sc/presidency
[State] general insolvency law should recognize [to accelerate inventory,] [to be set-off,] or netting in accordance with the payment or settlement systems of other States or similar rules of financial markets.
With regard to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach referred to in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, in particular to paragraph 113 of the Panel's reference to paragraph 113 of the view that adjustments should be made to whether the claim was not reflected in the normal circumstances of the maintenance costs incurred.
These proposals were distributed and discussed in the report and in several follow-up dialogues organized by the International Business Forum and held at Monterrey.
It was widely recognized that there was a need to share practical experience.
However, Algeria's process of accelerating accession to international legal treaties on human rights was the result of the transformation of the multi-party system in 1989.
While the curfew has been shorter, and street demonstrations have been reduced, the movement of the “the Licorne force” forces is often hampered and extortion operations often occur.
- Nigeria has volunteered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that 5 to 30 per cent of cluster munitions have no explosions following their launch or sailing, and they have taken underground or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Second Global Environment Facility (DP/2003/23)
(b) The duty of the grantor to compensate for the lack of predictability
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments and, in consultation with indigenous peoples, engage in the work of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography to address trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls, and urges States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies coordinate closely with indigenous peoples to organize a Latin American Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children in 2004.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in this area and participate in the dialogue of the third forum.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers of the following States and organizations:
Conclusion of the language
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon has signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supports the upgrading of educational facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various categories of expenditure: consultants ($420,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($615,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years in response to UNMIK and UNMISET, where resident investigators are stationed in the mission, and they are implementing a drawdown plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), and calls upon Parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements and expresses its intention to continue to examine the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Stabilization Force Commander, to ensure the effective management of the airports in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with the responsibilities of the Stabilization Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemns the fact that Israel has buried thousands of mines in Lebanese territory occupied by it, which has resulted in and continues to lead to dozens of deaths and substantial material losses.
Reaffirms the series of all previous relevant resolutions adopted by the OIC.
Recalling the previous OIC resolutions on this issue, in particular the important provisions of the 15/5-P (IS) and the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit at its sixth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first session of the Islamic Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Expresses concern at the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort by Member States to unilateral actions in addressing their security concerns will endanger international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning violations of the boundaries of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizes the challenges posed by the world economy to the growing globalization and rapid development and the growing liberalization of world trade in strong economic groups;
Considering the economic difficulties in transition to a free market economy;
Recalling resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizes the objectives and principles enshrined in the OIC Charter aimed at working together to safeguard and protect the Islamic heritage;
The decisions and resolutions of those symposiums were endorsed.
Invites the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic impact to protect wildlife in coastal areas and territories of member States.
Contents
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concessions alone
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (No. 10/2/3836 of 9 March 2003), emphasizing the importance of implementing the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and the instructions on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001 of 5 August 2001) and the implementation of all relevant information.
The preliminary report outlines the broad framework for the prevention of the use of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol 12 to extend non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of global road traffic, injuries and maiming,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean Dru (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61) organized by the delegation of China will be held on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the process of establishing the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the present new Constitution, and stresses the importance of the inclusion of Afghan international obligations in the new Constitution, as well as the need to ensure the full participation of women in all the preparation and holding of the Loya Jirga and the Constituent Assembly itself;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, and expressed satisfaction with the Prime Minister's proposal to the National Assembly for the implementation of the draft programme of implementation of the Agreement, and reiterated once again their concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
General Assembly resolutions
The President of the Transitional Federal Republic and the Prime Minister took office on the same day and the Government was sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council delegation has made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Armed Forces and police in Sierra Leone in order to guarantee security following the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of the link between the establishment of peace, demobilization and reintegration programmes in Sierra Leone and the region of the Mano River Union; (d) the Security Council should review the lessons learned from the work of the United Nations peacekeeping operations of the United Nations system;
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate proposed in the report could not be avoided and accepted the reasons for the increase of $9.9 million in the 2002 actual vacancy rate, although projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Commission also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or, if early, action or permit to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
But the situation is not the case.
“In 1968 Haiti was expressly authorized to vote until the Committee on Contributions had submitted its views, following the actual request for the invocation of article 19.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law on Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 troops is an integral part of two contingents providing security officers in 12 centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration.
In addition, air means are required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, and each contingent will have the capacity to deploy a driver in any place of operation.
The key to long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, to reduce poverty and inequality and to eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor — the Ambassador of France — for his very difficult job.
It is regrettable that, in all parts of the world, there has been a weak act, as the recent loss of more than 120 lives, which is a source of inspiration and a very difficult way to remind us, regardless of how terrorism is now a serious global problem and there is an urgent need for greater and effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community recognizes the seriousness of the problem.
We are looking from the CTC to seek guidance on priority priorities and to serve as a way for Canada that can assist both donors and non-Council members.
This is also an expression of the view that the political considerations of the parties may also be an motivation to present measures that have a positive or negative impact on local government.
Fifty-seventh session
• To coordinate with the relevant bodies with a view to promoting issues directly raised and referred to in their reports and follow-up to those bodies;
Part 1: What is the relevance of social capital, policy and prospects (coordinated: United Kingdom National Statistical Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of States implementing EU Directives do not have statutory rules on the timing of data collection, but some of the case laws of some countries have already set standards for the conversion of traditional rules to electronic environments.
It would be necessary to clarify whether access to suppliers' service providers would be sufficient to determine whether the receipt of the message or the need for the addressee to obtain a data message at its computer end.
It should be noted that, as pointed out in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law does not explicitly address the issue of liability of information systems for possible failure.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, inter alia, supports the joint proposal made by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to commemorate 26 April as the International Day of Commemoration of Radioactive Accidents and Victims of Disasters.
I am pleased to ask the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and understandings on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Against v.
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provides that all individuals referred to in these articles are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the laws of the host country.
All funds provided by the Trust Fund for the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activity is a continuing process of creating the world.
• Services provided by the Government;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to request the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement for the establishment of a national human rights observation post and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is also intended to ensure that the voices of victims are fully and clear.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will visit the country at the end of the month.
For example, MONUC plays a role in working together with all parties to build the transitional Government on human rights?
Whatever progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees continue to live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairperson's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chair on the consultations and present conclusions on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, at its seventeenth session and at its eighteenth session considered the request of the Government of Croatia to consider forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of relevant institutional stakeholders, to utilize fully the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and on the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, drawing upon the successful experience of the preparations for the International Conference on Financing for Development, drawing upon the secretariat of the United Nations;
(1) Africa should allocate not less than two permanent seats, which should be distributed in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Announcements
In particular, I would like to draw attention to the latest emergency appeals of UNRWA, requesting important services for tens of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical interpretation of the limitations on the calculation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for its facilitation, which enables the Conference of the Parties to hold its sixth session in Havana and for its generous offer of such good facilities to the Conference;
In addition, the occupying forces also killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer on the same day, and injured his brother Ala for six years of age, when they were under way in Rafah camp.
In some cases, the level of employment is lower than the level approved.
Prior to the development of a work plan, an assessment of the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the actual implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Are extradition and mutual assistance in some way subject to legislation?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society throughout the country prior to its submission of its second periodic report.
The Ministry of the Interior is responsible for making a decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Decides also that the decrease of $38,000 in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective share of Member States shall apply, as appropriate, in accordance with the above-mentioned provisions;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have made timely interventions to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Ketumilek (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 9 November, some United States Airways have used discriminatory measures against Arabs, regardless of whether or not the United States, and Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” had been chosen, and it was considered more neutral.
Question C. Are it applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received substantial information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an inquiry into the murder of a young woman, known as Afsheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system aimed at the full and complete disarmament process in the field.
The people and the people of Iran are first of all concerned that, once war is no doubt, there will be a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq, let alone the exodus of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to stress once again that the decisions of the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction must not be limited to Iraq.
The law enforcement acts against trafficking at the national and international levels should include the content of gender bias and corruption practices involving professionals.
The Commission first focused primarily on the composition of the Commission, working methods, intersessional work and reporting format, and then adopted its terms of reference as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico once again recognizes its full confidence in the United Nations and, through the use of all peaceful means we possess and in particular by strengthening the values that lead to the Organization — these values are more relevant in the current impasse — to resolve international disputes.
In that process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism but also strengthened our capacity to carry out important tasks — namely, to save our world from the scourge of war.
What is the allegations raised by the United States of America at the last meeting — many of the countries around the world do not agree with the allegations of the United States — or this is an issue that refers to the concept of cooperation with the requesting Iraqi initiative?
The present report addresses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation and achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those set out in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, three of which are Professional and eight General Service staff.
Table 19 Details of consultants and detainees
The Commission agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid adversely affecting the Fund's work and project redesign.
At its seventh session, the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues (22-24 January 2003) decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It is particularly important to find a balance between the budget and other considerations.
Ms. Oraita Gradas (Panama)
Expressing concern at the low level of safe and cost-effective search and clean-up equipment, as well as the lack of effective global coordination in the area of improved research and development, while recognizing the importance of promoting greater and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to that end,
Date of insert
The full text of the views is available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/en/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Expressing its condemnation of the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalling the Council's consistent unequivocal condemnation of these activities as one of the main factors contributing to the continuation of the conflict, and reiterating the importance of putting an end to those activities, if required, to exert the necessary pressure on armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world merchandise exports has declined from 4.7 per cent to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Governing Council decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on Investment Technology and Promotion Office
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of Colombia's preliminary declaration on its intention to host the eleventh session of the Conference of UNIDO in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, an electronic platform to disseminate and share information on experiences gained, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and issues among States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and guidelines designed to guide international relations and to increase the wide range of commercial and economic exchanges among countries.
All of these areas have been subject to the embargo because, although there are many constraints, such as education and culture have been priority areas for Cuban public spending.
Despite material resources, Cuban people continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through sea and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the 1998 Banking Agency Act contains preventive measures for the Government, which stipulates that restrictions on the fundamental rights set out in article 13 (1) of the Constitution of Namibia are authorized to intervene in the right to privacy of any person in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the 1977 Code of Criminal Procedure and authorized entry into any premises or search for any person.
Thus, the net claim of 332 claims settled in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted into USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
