Allow me to stress that we will continue to work in cooperation.
Note by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Chairman referred to the report of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and meetings of the Convention.
Thailand
In paragraph 6 of paragraph 6, the Committee requested the Subcommittee that the Subcommittee should be able to take a reasonable reason for any State, particularly in the occupied and other States, in particular the human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission decided to continue its consideration of this matter.
Near-Earth objects
These are also included in a detailed range of land coverage in the design of the project system, and the collection of data collected in the areas of the road map.
The joint network of the system is to include FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Commission (ILO).
The study in the seven health programmes of approximately 600 million people showed that 78 per cent of the programme of HIV and AIDS programmes have been established, but there is only more than 2 per cent of the beneficiaries.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize the mental disease of the Netherlands.
In order to investigate the prosecution of the suspects, such as the accused of the accused of the police of the police of the High-level Police of the High-level Police (e.e. the case of the defendant is required to be followed by the prosecution.
Since July 1999, he had repeatedly participated in the University.
The present comments will be submitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group was considered that, in the light of the final conclusion of the Working Group, it is not a arbitrary nature of the principle of the principle of the principle of the principle of the principle of the State's rights in the case of the case.
The Government of Arab States emphasized the key role of the United Nations in the political process, and the Organization would have to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and regional actors to cooperate in the Security Council under the auspices of the Security Council.
We attach particular attention to the issue of the health of individuals, particularly armed forces.
It welcomed the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to increase a series of positive measures in the implementation of the Council's resolution of the Security Council, as well as the establishment of a number of positive measures for the prevention of peacekeepers in peacekeeping personnel.
During the regular session of the Committee, the Government of the United States of America received his letter dated 20 May 2003 by the Government of the United States of the Government of the United States in his letter to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session in the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such situations, the appropriate measures should be taken to ensure that the rights of the people should be protected as appropriate.
The HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
The view was expressed that, in view of the general attitude of creditors, it was not inappropriate to allow a unique representative of the creditor to determine the process of the number of creditors, as well as the process of the process.
The College also further use of information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of employees were registered in 37 posts.
IMO report
Office of the Office
The report clearly indicates that the University is to strengthen the cooperation between the United Nations system and the other United Nations system and increase its contribution to the Organization.
The SBI agreed that those organizations should be taken by the Committee in accordance with article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the actions taken by the Conference.
Statements were made by the representatives of the States Parties, which was a statement of the European Community and its member States and their member States, and one of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the Chairman of the two subsidiary bodies, limited members of the members of the Committee and the efforts of the Secretariat to continue to participate in the intersessional workshop at the intersessional meeting.
In accordance with the Trial Chamber's Trial Chamber on 2 November 2001, Mr. Nikošččččččččččččić, Rjjz, Mjjz, Mjjz, Mjje and Mjica.
Mr. President, my delegation is very pleased to congratulate the Conference on Disarmament for the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
Member States of the Americas
Sri Lanka: amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of compensation to the claimant should be paid to the following paragraphs of the claimant's claim for compensation in the amount of compensation for compensation in the amount of USD 90/96, which amounted to the amount of USD A/49/493, 27/93, 27/49 and 28/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/93, A/49/98 and A/49/498, paras.
Annex I
Mr. R. G. (Switzerland): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of your presidency for the presidency of the Security Council for the month of the Security Council, and we wish your success.
Mr. Chie (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
The complexity of the Tribunal's current nature of the Tribunal is to establish a permanent International Court on the Prevention and Punishment of the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of War in the 1980s and the 1980s.
While we believe that a compromise could not undermine the important international treaties of the Rome Statute, we remain still convinced that the members of the Council must take action in the spirit and understanding of the spirit of understanding and understanding, and that the members of the Council should have a positive work on a acceptable solution.
At the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly adopted the resolution entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in disarmament and non-proliferation”, as well as the international community strongly supports multilateralism.
There is a immediate need to start the possibility of a FMCT to negotiate a FMCT, which is not a multilateral document, and I would like to recall that the number of documents would be discussed in this regard.
Even though other United Nations agencies and other aid providers are required to pay costs, the cost of assets and premises will be safe and safe, which is a major source of source of income in Somalia.
All attempts to manage fisheries in Somalia have led to significant funding to the private sector in the region, and its total of the number of people in the region were in a number of years, and that it is more likely to cover the population and other of the private people.
Paragraph 4: “It is intended to be used to assist or assist or assist a act of a act or to act, facilitate or act, including the provisions of the provisions of specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation on the action of the International Money Laundering Task Force was held.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Disabled Persons: draft resolution on the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, a Israeli reconnaissance reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea in the north-east-west zone in the north of the north of the north-east-west zone, and then circled Lebanese airspace in the near-line area.
- The adoption of the referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* The Government of Myanmar and the University of Myanmar is not eligible for a doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, in recent years, the implementation and implementation of this Convention is still incomplete, and it cannot not be sufficient to respond to a growing number of peacekeeping operations.
In the light of the draft resolution, the number of tariffs of developing countries remain in negotiations.
(g) Measures to prevent money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Annex
The highest rate of unemployment in the age of the age of 20 and 20 years is highest.
Samoa's geography and its good communication and transport systems have improved job services.
In addition, health services should be given to the concept of “human health” and actively promoted the health of the health as a means of a property.
A important aspect of the participation of women is women, particularly small enterprises.
At the same time, the trend in marriage is changing to change the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
C. G. G. M. M. Nutrition and Dai, Youth, Youth
My delegation reiterates that the rule of procedure of the Provisional Institutions must strictly comply with the provisions of the Charter and the constitutional framework.
We hope that a development of the process of implementation of the mandate process will help to identify the standards, which is a prerequisite for a lasting solution to the status of the status of Kosovo.
We believe, however, that additional measures have been made to improve and improve the situation.
The high rate of life is a result of the results of a number of sites.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/10 of 3 December 2002, requested the Secretary-General to continue to continue to continue to continue the Division to continue to provide the necessary resources to continue to ensure the work of the Division, particularly in the light of the work of the Division, in particular the work of the Division, in particular the work of the United Nations on the issue of Palestine's fifty-eighth session, in particular in the region, and to develop a annual programme of work for all aspects of the question of Palestine's fifty-fifth session, including the United Nations Commission on Palestine's Rights.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States of America launched the road of uranium uranium in the south of the South of South Africa, and the United States of America had been reassessated to the United States of America on 8 June, which had been reassessated by the United States of America in the context of the “The medium-term report”.
Reaffirming that the obligation to promote international instruments and rules of international law and other international law are the fundamental principles and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet yet done in the region to accede to all instruments of disarmament and non-proliferation in the multilateral negotiations, to enhance the necessary conditions of the region to strengthen peace and cooperation in the region;
The evaluation of drought assessment in the global and regional levels was established.
However, they are limited to the current standard indicators.
In the light of a small-scale approach to drought, we have chosen the second sub-cutting approach, but there is a need to take careful research.
Question: Information of the web Group of Biological Diversity (UNW)
Serers
In addition, some participants stressed that human rights, gender equality and empowerment of women are a cross-cutting nature, and should ensure that the achievement of all development goals should be recognized.
For example, transit goods in Central Asia are transferred to transit ports in the transit of the transit port, and to ensure that it is not prohibited in order to ensure that there is no prohibition of goods in order to ensure that there is no prohibition of goods.
The second may be considered by individual individuals (e.g. the Convention on the Rights of the Child, as well as the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5 and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The imposition of any discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual harassment or sexual harassment, or sexual harassment or language.
Posts
Abstract prepared by Mr. Janfan
Case 474: MAL 34 - Germany, the Republic of the Republic of Germany, 14 September 1998
In two cases, however, that this is not a voluntary basis; it is not the definition of this topic, which is not under the scope of its scope, and that it is applicable to the legal regime of the topic.
Recognizing also that the specific circumstances of national and regional situations and different different political systems and fair elections in the world have been considered in the world,
It was said that, in agreement with a agreement, there was no formal extension contract.
On interest of interest, the Panel referred to paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
The payment of the payment of the two contracts of the two contracts has been similar in the context of a total of the contract, and the remaining of the remaining United States dollars have been paid.
The Panel finds that, in case, it was sufficient to provide sufficient evidence to substantiate the value or use of property, property or property, and the value of property in Iraq and Kuwait.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The provision of a worker's employment contract is the obligation to pay the travel of a employee of Kuwaiti territory in the period to the end of the period, and that a employee of the employee had been transferred to the return of the territory of Kuwait, and that each employee has been able to return to the return of the day.
The heroin of heroin continues to be a whole.
Secondly, in Afghanistan, the eradication of opium poppy and combating trafficking in Afghanistan must be addressed in the region.
All terrorists are relevant and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results show that migrants had experienced discrimination and discrimination in the workplace and in the field of life.
The recent number of missions deployed in Bunia from 28 January to 30 January 2003 and MONUC officials, at the request of 3 March 2003 to the Office of Human Rights (OHCHR), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) has identified a number of serious violations of human rights, including extrajudicial executions, looting and car houses.
1 Ibid.
In addition, almost 150 cases have been reported to the tsunami recovery mechanism, which is a joint project for the assistance of the UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Fund for the protection of refugees.
The Government of Albania commended the Secretary-General's appointment of Mr. Holkeri, and to support his work.
States can attract foreign investment, because investment could be achieved and the positive impact of the country.
The programme of education will provide additional additional requirements to increase the level of the number of students, especially women's children and other public opportunities.
The improvement of institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms will enable the institutional system to play the greatest role, improving quality and cost-effectiveness.
Support of food support in special hardship
Microfinance and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1 (A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/7/Add.2; A/C.5/582)
In the event of the cluster, the identification and verification of ex-combatants will be identified.
• The importance of better use of the comparative advantages of the intergovernmental bodies to enable them to achieve common and comprehensive goals to achieve common goals, such as the General Assembly, the Security Council, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The non-governmental organization agreed to continue to be the President of the Kimberley Process in the first year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Philippines has been working to women's work, which is entitled by the Act on the equal rights of women No. 5557.
(a) Strengthening information on the exchange of information, in particular the information provided by terrorists, terrorist organizations and other other requirements;
Also also concern about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, as well as in other forms of crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the issue should be considered at the thirty-sixth session of the Commission on the thirty-sixth session of the thirty-sixth session of the Commission in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that, not all, teachers, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, and that the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of implementation.
Children with disabilities
In collaboration with the ILO's International Programme on Children's Child International Development Programme, it is essential to ensure that the implementation and strengthening of all international and international legal law in this regard is to enhance efforts aimed at improving the number of children in the formal and informal sectors, and to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, and to ensure that the work of the ILO in general and informal sectors, including measures to ensure that the child's work should be paid to the age of the age of the child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (No. 138 and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Committee recommends that the State party be fully incorporated into legislation and practice in accordance with article 3 of the Convention, including legislation and practice in the child.
(b) Providing special assistance for children's children;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Act on Marriage and Family (Act 19984) and welcomed the concept of the law and to promote the concept of the child and to create the number of children.
The majority of the replies responded to a number of respondents, which reported that disabled persons are sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of health care.
It is also clear that it is not the fact that it is not to be done in this process, but that they are not in the course of this process, but that they did not say that they are not only.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation for maintaining the noble mandate of the peace is a broad and complex concept.
These factors are often often to increase new water and transport requirements, which is one of the reasons of the transport and the use of greenhouse gas-based emissions.
Figure 7
Parties have reported the need for policies and measures in all sectors.
The review of a further review of the national communications in Annex I to Annex I was shown in the report of 31 March 2003 to better reduce the role and role of the existing international mechanisms to meet the results of the current Model Mechanism, and some Parties have made progress in progress.
Norway has said that the decline in the water price could be increased from 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United Kingdom indicated that they have provided data on national and international research.
The majority of the data should not be acceptable.
The details of the modalities to be used by the Parties are contained in chapter VI.
Although technical assistance has been increased, the requirements of the United Nations has been reduced to the military requirements.
Particular attention should be to be the issue of legal, logistical and other issues to choose the electoral system.
The mission will continue to be crucial to the Congolese people and the region of the region, in order to achieve progress in the international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first month to the Council to address the key issues of the protection of civilians in conflict situations in conflict situations.
Indeed, he is committed to all its work in all its aspects.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that it is a pressing issue of concern in depth.
Mr. Pzz (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation, Sir, I would like to see you, Sir, to see you, in this meeting.
The European Union expresses its appreciation and full support for the commitment of the Security Council to the protection of the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on the agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to stress that, despite the fact that it is necessary to address these issues, the need to deploy the international community's national national institutions will continue to be more effective and capable of the security and confidence of the international security forces, to establish a strong international security system and confidence to facilitate the possibility of the Bonn process.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is a result of the United Nations, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to express the political will of the parties.
Resolution 55/5 annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw our attention to the recent and ongoing work of the Monitoring Team, which is the Council members of the Council to understand the actual situation of States.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz for his work on the work of the delegation of Chile, and the support of the Monitoring Team and the Secretariat, and the secretariat and the Secretariat to improve the efforts of the United Nations to improve the key United Nations instruments.
We appreciate the positive steps taken by the Security Council and the Council to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, addressing humanitarian issues, to address transparency and transparency.
There is a general proposal.
I would like to refer to a informal meeting on the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which will be held in the Netherlands, as part of the present meeting, as part of a FMCT.
Languages of the United Nations Development Programme/WTO/WTO/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (16 December 2003)
Therefore, we believe that this paragraph is not consistent with international law and Germany, and we regret that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General and the Economic and Social Council for the consolidation of the peace process, and we actively actively evaluate the decisions of the Secretary-General of the Central African Group, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the United Nations peacekeeping forces.
• The statistical statistical programme for Price Statistics was shown; three three outputs are used;
(a) The law, regulations or other authorized procedures to provide the list of individual data; and
The investigation of 9 per cent of the survey confirmed that its statistical sector had been held in the past five years, which had been identified by the Government, and that the statistical sector was not a number of countries, which was not only in international cooperation, and that it was not only to participate in international cooperation in international cooperation.
He called for India, Israel and Pakistan to promote universal efforts, as a non-nuclear-weapon State.
Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Al-Madhh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention against the United Nations Convention in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification in Africa (A/57/177)
The African Group of Africa has many countries in the field of transport, as a result of the transportation of the United States in Africa.
UNCTAD should continue to provide a decision-making assistance in the field of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided to adopt the General Assembly decides
Ms. Míana (Germany): We have the honour to participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: The representative of the representative will wish to speak to explain the voting vote just adopted by the adoption of the resolutions adopted by the Assembly.
It is a matter of agenda 58/54.
KFOR has tried to impose illegal illegal incidents, detained in detention, and then subsequently to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The movement of movement of movement in the Temporary Zone in the area of the Temporary Zone is limited.
However, in the case of the case of international law, some organizations have been recognized by some organizations that have been approved by a representative of the group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has seriously affected its implementation, since which UNHCR's report (A/58/133, para. 63 of the report of the Special Representative, which has been able to maintain a half of the resources for the implementation of the activities of the Committee in 2003.
The summary records of the Committee shall be published in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be held in accordance with article 28 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 38 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or representatives of the Secretary-General may be oral or written in the meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
In favour of votes to vote,
If the Committee or the pre-session working group have considered information in the reports of the State party, it may be requested that the State party may provide additional information on the basis of information provided by the State concerned.
Meetings and attendance
Establishment of the Working Group and the Special Rapporteur to the Special Rapporteur
Rule 45
Procedure of admissibility
Post-term duration
The leaders of the military leaders have not been subjected to these combatants, and a number of troops are carried out in the road.
This three of these members have been held in José, one of the death and death.
In order to identify the quality of quality services, these functions should continue to be limited to the Office of Central Support Services, but should be held in the field of the Office of the United Nations Office for Central Support.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction of transactions shall be designated by the Register of the Parties, and the records of transactions related to transactions in the transaction.
However, in the absence of a low-cost service in the local market, the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost is not available.
The pension (Amendment)
The “Education” for “equality” is a set of teaching materials for primary school teachers, which was published in 1994.
Financing of the World Health Programme (III).
The Act is a comprehensive approach to deal with all aspects of employment, including employment, employment, employment, employment and vocational training.
Therefore, the current age right to the formal and third-time leave for the age of 18 weeks and the pre-natal leave.
The following table summarizes the number of resources for the capital capital and personnel, and the estimated number of the child's child-care facilities.
The Ministry also provides that, in order to reduce the provision of computer-care services, the United Nations Volunteers for women's family-based violence is funded, such services support and support to men and to ensure that they are committed to violence and to stop acts of violence.
(b) To pay pay maternity leave or other social welfare leave, without prejudice to the duration of the term, employment and social allowances;
Article 8
The list of this list will be updated and will be updated to provide a central body on border control.
However, the prospects for 2003 will remain the impact of the current global economy.
While the promotion of the education and health levels of the population is a good goal, it is very much of the positive development of the country's overall development.
Section 9
The initiative was a direct response to the implementation of Agenda 21 of Agenda 21, in which the action plan of the United Nations Environment Programme and the Conference on Environment and Development is a direct response to the implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Environment Programme and Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community's progress in the implementation of the objectives of the plan.
The ESCAP Regional Working Group on Science and Technology for Space Science and Technology in the region was held in the region.
In accordance with Variant B, the “information message” contains a electronic signature of electronic electronic signatures, but that it would be able to meet the Secretary-General.
As soon, WHO has developed data data in the national health survey.
The Committee noted that the savings in the amount of a number of savings and expenditure in the amount of a number of oil and expenditure, including the cost of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the acquisition of the acquisition of the acquisition of the acquisition of the acquisition of the acquisition of the acquisition of the total amount of USD 1,929,200, as well as the amount of USD 1,929,200 in the amount of the total amount of USD 1,929,200 and other projects.
The role played by microcredit is a assessment of the role of a alternative-cost credit approach.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the following functions will be completed in the biennium to cover 12 trial trials, six pre-trial procedures, six pre-trial procedures and the final appeal of the Trial Chamber, and the final appeal of all all of the work of the Tribunal.
In addition to the great concern of the conflict, although it has been developed and adopted in the Millennium Summit, it has been developed and adopted by the Millennium Summit, but remains the international community's commitment to address two major issues.
Mr. Barman (Costa Rica) (spoke in French): We have now concluded this year in this year and to identify the actions of the CD and to identify a new life of our organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan, for his well-being of our country.
Human resources management
In accordance with the exceptions set forth in certain prior reports, the report will be able to effectively monitor the implementation of human rights policies, guidelines and practice.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to pay high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and preparedness mechanisms, including humanitarian humanitarian action, to take inter alia, inter alia, to identify the human rights violations of all human rights;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been a significant change in the international non-governmental organizations of the Organization or other international non-governmental organizations under the period.
The Ministry of Women and Women has been responsible for the administrative responsibilities of the family group.
Various research in the field of gender-sensitive information and public media programmes were conducted.
Draft report of the Committee
Specific gender issues should be taken into account in the programme of health programmes.
Education is now crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Informal consultations on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 11 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
Group of African States
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that there is two major measures for the use of subsidies for disabled persons as a result of the previous concluding observations of the Committee, and that it has been eliminated.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that the European Union has signed the establishment of the Stabilization and Association Agreement.
We welcome the final efforts of this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to ensure that public awareness of discrimination or ill-treatment are available.
The Committee noted that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, the human rights of indigenous peoples and the Afro-Colian population of indigenous peoples are still still discriminatory.
The State party should provide details in the next periodic report in its next periodic report and provide information on the protection of indigenous peoples in indigenous peoples and to provide information on the use of traditional land.
The Committee underlines the State party's obligation to provide assistance to “the ship” and recommended that the State party intensify its efforts to enhance compensation and resettlement in affected families.
In order to improve the work of these institutions, the Committee requested the State party to consider the situation in the next periodic report of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to examine legislation and to define the scope of the concept.
While the Committee has repeatedly requested, Papua New Guinea, Papua New Guinea has not yet fulfilled obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and that it was not not submitted to the Committee, which was not submitted to the Committee.
In view of the fact that the lack of statistical data on the social status of Norway, the Committee recommends that the State party provide a statistical estimate in the report of the report, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines, and attention to the attention of the State party to the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the National Group of Minorities, which is the responsibility of the Committee.
The Committee recommends that the State party's report would supply the public use of public sources, and the Committee should also be open to all reports.
Addendum
She would like to emphasize the Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to submit data on the list of national data and reporting materials to the List of States and the reporting of the reporting and the web site of all publications;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, particularly in the context of the Doha's first-year vision of space, is shown in the Doha's first-year plan of development, which is a key element of a culture of knowledge.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and, in the context of the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, had been condemned by the Permanent Representative of the Government of Kinshasa.
(d) To consider the necessary vigilance of the financing of weapons of mass destruction of weapons of mass destruction, taking into account the necessary vigilance of the launch of the space space project, to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction;
The approach is likely to try to create a good solidarity, the will, and to resolve the international community.
In respect of non-post expenditure, funds are used for the recruitment of the Ombudsman and its staff, as well as the costs of the Office of the Office of Communications, the Office of the Office of Communications and the Office of the Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Training and the Office of Internal Oversight Services;
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft resolution on the draft resolution at its 11th and 14th meetings, on 30 January 2003.
The draft decision on 17 December 1963 (resolution resolution 1991 (XVIII)) entered into force on 31 August 1967, the General Assembly will be more than 10 to 10 countries.
Mr. Sozozo (Japan) will fill the post-General's position at 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 45/17 and 17 of 18 December 1991, the General Assembly, in its fifty-fifth session, on 17 December 1991, the General Assembly decided to consider this issue in the next year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role in the role of the United Nations system and agencies within the purview of its jurisdiction, and to cooperate with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force of the Task Force and the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanism of the Strategic Strategy and has been a key function in consolidation.
The Ministry of Women's Advancement of Women is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which was established by the Ministry of Women for the village of Women.
Please describe the organizational or mechanisms of the Government of your Government to identify and investigate the relevant financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden or Taliban, as well as to those individuals, groups, groups or entities associated with those who have been referred to in your jurisdiction, as well as to those individuals, groups or entities.
The meeting was chaired by the Conference of Experts (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors must also be required to ensure the full financial assistance of the United Nations and the organizations to assist them in the region and the institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of countries indicated that national policies are equal, gender equality, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, social, legal and social barriers, and increase the possibility of increasing the possibility of HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of HIV infection in HIV infection was reduced by 20 per cent in 2010, to reduce the prenatal care of pregnant women in the year 2010, and to reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
More effective response to the long-term level of response must be developed, as well as to maintain and maintain institutional capacity.
The review of existing existing practices in the United Nations system showed that there is a new feature of the lessons learned at the country level and the following new characteristics.
These workshops were held at the meeting of the Commission and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
A important expansion of this important expansion of the Organization's responsibilities, as well as the Board's Executive Board, agreed that the UNEP programme programme was a priority priority.
A new strategy to promote data and access to data, in order to facilitate the use and use of scientific environmental issues to address global environmental issues.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in East Timor.
These institutions are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs, the Department of Disarmament Affairs, the United Nations Office for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Food Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Office for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) To participate in all any of any of any activities under the contract of the contract of the carriage of carriage of carriage, in order to cover the loss of loss, damage or delays in such activities.
The second option was selected, and the last sentence was in square brackets.
A concern in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/546, para. (b) (i) should be deleted, and that the controlling party should be deleted to the carrier, as a result of a unilateral nature of the carriage of carriage, and that the controlling party would be bound by a agreement on the contract of the carriage of carriage.
OIOS also found that it had not been able to appoint or replace the capital management of the staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group should be designed to collect and analyse the procedures of such countries in such countries.
I should like to point four points.
UNIDO should focus on the strengthening of the social responsibility of the developing developing developing developing developing countries to increase productivity and marketing projects; it should assist the developing countries to develop a clear and realistic approach to developing countries in developing countries, and to promote training and tools in developing countries.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be made to the date of the date of the present session, as well as the date of the current session of the current session.
In the absence of the issuance of the documents, it is estimated that the estimate and issuance of the receipt of the receipt of the receipt of the present report.
The implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action and the Programme of Action to assist the International Programme of Labour to assist the implementation of the National Programme for Women's employment in the framework of poverty eradication.
Transportation of airport
He regretted that this meeting did not have a agreement on the export of agricultural trade and agricultural subsidies, and that the resolution had reached a increase of $5 million from poverty and rich countries, and to help the end of 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the international community's confidence to increase the development of development projects and projects.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination was also studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the work of the Institute's focus was to implement the revised Model Law Act No. 979 of 8 August 1997, and the implementation and approval of the Strategic Plan of Action, including the establishment and adoption of the strategic plan of action, including the establishment of the National Forestry Code, to improve the conservation and protection of cultural heritage.
Paragraph 4
Invites all relevant bodies, including the national level, in their mandate and work, and in cooperation with States, to take into account the report of the Declaration and the Special Representative, and invites the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to address the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Declaration and the Special Representative, including the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;
He also welcomed the statement made by the Minister of Ministers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-sixth session and to implement international efforts to implement the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the International Plan for Drug Demand Reduction.
She emphasized the Commission's recommendations on the implementation of the national drug control strategy and the measures made to reduce drug abuse in 2008.
The complaint
She said that, in the first speaker, 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the Advisory Committee on Technical Cooperation had been implemented, and urged the secretariat to accelerate the pace of the full implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification should be made to further clarification in the report on the performance of the final performance report (para. 20 above).
The delegation of the United States would like to know the technical analysis of the proposal, and hoped that the Advisory Committee endorsed the proposal.
(b) In a common system, the users of users are incorporated into the implementation and implementation of the implementation plan.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five posts: the Chairman, Vice-Presidents and Rapporteur; the Legal Subcommittee, as well as the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged the developed countries to increase a gross proportion of gross national product for ODA, to mitigate the debt burden of developing countries and to developing developing countries in developing countries and to integrate developing countries to integrate their markets into international economic and social development and to reduce the gap between the developed and developed countries.
In order to enhance the sharing of cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the parties should be based on a stable basis, with a view to achieving the goal of the United Nations General Assembly in the United Nations General Assembly in order to achieve the goal of the cooperation between the parties and to enhance the security capacity of the United Nations in the peace and security of the world.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The authorities of the Sudan also involved the Optional Protocol to armed conflict in armed conflict, with a view to reaching the Protocol.
The Controller has been reminded that the attention of the Secretary-General had received a comprehensive and comprehensive written clarification.
The Committee noted that, despite the exception of the report, the report had been made available in the absence of the legal provisions of the State, but the lack of information relating to the implementation of the Convention was lacking.
Introduction
The report and responses are contained in the document/C/C/77.
In accordance with rule 11 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee urged the State party to investigate the facts of 15 April 1995 and to prosecute the prosecution and penalties of the complainant, and to the complainant, in order to provide adequate and adequate compensation to the complainant, in order to inform the Committee at its 90 days and to inform the Committee on the steps referred to above.
The right of his right to the right of his right to the right of his right to his right to his right to the death of his person is a serious toll.
11.11 The report of the International Amnesty International Human Rights Commission (see para. 88) of 3 July 2001, the State party states that the report had been beginning, and that it was clear that the complainant would not be able to conduct the risk of the incident, since which the complainant was unable to take place.
The Committee's consideration of this question is that the State party would take the complainant's failure to repatriate the repatriation of the complainant, as a matter of violation of article 3 of the Convention, namely that a person may not be subjected to the expulsion or return of the person, as a result of the expulsion or repatriation of the person.
The facts submitted by the complainant
4.3 In accordance with article 3 of the complainant, the State party argues that the State party does not prove that the case of abuse of ill-treatment in prisons cannot not be found by the State party.
The Council took note of the intention of the Contact Group to review substantive contributions to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and to assess their evaluation.
The Guide explored the scope of the different aspects of the insolvency law.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its own position in international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the United States of America on 11 September 2001 and the President of the President of the Republic of the United States of America, held in New York on 11 September 2001 and the President of the United States in New York, and the need to provide a serious threat to the protection and protection of human rights in international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the secured creditor has a secured creditor in order to verify the right of the secured creditor to protect its right to protect the encumbered assets of the secured creditor.
A alternative approach or alternative approach would be required to identify the assignee's right to the transfer of the secured creditor, which would be a party to a number of persons, to avoid the situation of the third party in order to avoid the situation.
The exchange of information on the relationship between the parties between the parties between the parties and the relationship between the parties is to strengthen the relationship between the United Nations and the secured creditor.
However, in order to transfer the legitimate control of secured creditors in the third party, it can also be able to maintain the right to be entitled by their functions.
The consultants is working on the drafting of the drafting guidance and guidance guidance.
Reaffirming the urgent need for the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna in Vienna to eliminate and protect human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to women, women and women, women and internally displaced persons, migrant women and internally displaced persons, migrant women, women in rural or remote communities, are particularly vulnerable to women, women, women, women, women, women, women and armed conflict, and other women, in particular women,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceded to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols to eliminate the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should have to establish a peaceful environment for cooperation, mutual trust and trust, to ensure the universal security of all members of the international community, thereby to eliminate the common security, development and use of nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, development and development programmes are used from the indicators of the project, rather than the indicators of indicators.
24 Oceania, 23 October 2002 and the National Intelligence Unit, the Ppen, 18 December 2002.
The information provided by Iraq is a thorough review of the information provided during the present report.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between the peaceful and international community of the peaceful settlement of disputes is reflected in the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and the delegation of China hoped that the Government of China and the Government of the United Kingdom have made a constructive dialogue with the Government of Argentina and the Government of the Falkland Islands on peace.
Please provide my reply to the United Nations as a document of the United Nations, as well as the use of such projects under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for the period in 2003 include the costs of replacement and replacement of computer modules.
General Assembly
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that these efforts have been made to diversify their export diversification and to reduce poverty and/or other developing countries to reduce their poverty levels, as a result of the increasing role of countries in the country, and stressed the importance of the State's capacity to develop the development of its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted the conclusions agreed on agenda item 22.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Although progress had been made during the last year, the Special Rapporteur has made serious concern in the Special Rapporteur, and that it has been implemented.
More than more than more than more than 3 million people have died in HIV/AIDS, estimated more than 500 million people living with HIV/AIDS (HIV) in the world's population.
While the first HIV/AIDS pandemic is regarded as a health problem, we are increasingly recognized as a problem of development, security and human rights.
The information and knowledge of a collaborative approach is to recognize the risk of women's participation in the status of the individual and the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group of the International Committee on the Consequences of the Consequences of the General Assembly
International law: difficulties in international law and expansion.
The Government has been slow in a effective and reliable judicial system, but limited.
The events of the Security East Forces and the police force in Timor-Leste was the burden of enormous burden in Timor-Leste, causing the violation of a violation of violations of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the Millennium Development Goals on the Millennium Development Goals in June 2002 and the development of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the development of all aspects of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as to facilitate the development of the Millennium Development Goals and to promote the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) Reports of the Board: the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 provides the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post expenditure in 2004-2005 (including the recommendations of the Advisory Committee, including the recommendations of the Committee, and on the cost of the cost of equipment and equipment and other operational costs, which will lead to the budget.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Advisory Committee will review the implementation of the present report of the Secretary-General for the proposed programme budget for the implementation of the Security Council, and to streamline these arrangements, as appropriate, to improve the efficiency of all activities, and to improve the efficiency of the activities and other services of staff and other services (A/57/7/Add.17 para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the amount of resources for the exploration of technology technology for the biennium 2002-2003 was projected to increase the amount of $44,300, (see para.
At its consideration of the budget, the Committee was informed that the secretariat of ECE had made recommendations and recommendations to discuss meetings and publications in ECE.
Human rights
The growth of growth is to be reduced by $2 million (for recosting).
In March 2003, a independent human rights of human rights was replaced by the Ministry of Justice of the Ministry of Justice.
It reported that the HIV/AIDS prevention plan and the country's national civil society in the host country and the host country were coordinated.
Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, the acts of terrorist acts or acts of terrorist acts in Costa Rica, as well as in the Code of Criminal Procedure, in accordance with article 274 and 37 of the Penal Code, is not prohibited by the law.
In this regard, the Act is amended to amend articles 27 and 37 of the Penal Code.
For the basis of the Foundation, the status of its legal status is established in accordance with rule 53 of 28 August 1973, the foundations of the Foundation to ensure the appropriate legal status of the Foundation, in accordance with article 1 of the Act, that the establishment of a common legal status of the Foundation, such as the establishment of the establishment of a common legal and cultural activity, is used to facilitate the development of the social empowerment of women, such as education, culture and all of all forms of social welfare.
The Committee urges the State party to intensify its efforts to make more support to a single parent.
At the same time, in March 2003, the agreement reached by the Office of the United Nations Standing Staff Board in March 2003 is currently deployed to the Congolese Armed Forces in Kinshasa and to monitor the monitoring of military observers by MONUC.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of 23 members:
Review of the review
In this regard, the Special Committee noted that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 was included in the programme of work of the Special Committee for the biennium 2004-2005 and not without prejudice to the work of the General Assembly in its fifty-eighth session.
Regional organizations
Many of these territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and a significant progress in self-government.
It was pointed out that some regional economic situation have increased to the cultivation of coca cultivation in coca cultivation, while in order to address the efforts of drug drug law enforcement efforts, the illicit drug control campaign, which was in rural areas.
At its same session, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7/2003/L.10, entitled “Strengthening of information on the use of the new characteristics of the new characteristics and the use of such materials, including Benin, Egypt, Egypt, Egypt, the United Nations of America, Switzerland, Switzerland and United States of America.
(a) Changes in the control of substances;
Solo Naa, Fiji, Fiji
• To provide access to all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. the report of the Government, the Office of the Government and the organization of the Organization, the meetings of the Government and the United Nations organizations, and to provide the measures to provide a appropriate forensic analysis in the field of or other local (e.g. and other local police) and the appropriate forensic analysis.
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933: AdMooo, G.guo, Tuuuuuu et alu et al et al et al, the Democratic Republic of the Congo adopted by the Democratic Republic of the Congo on 31 July 2003
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the International Court of Zambia had heard the detention of detention.
3.2 The author further considers that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, as a criminal tribunal has been extended to 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the request that the author's son's son's son's son's son and the State party was informed to submit a precise time for the communication.
2 With respect to the admissibility of the author's right to the author's name, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
On 20 July 1999, the Minister of Foreign Affairs decided to appeal appeal on 15 February 1999 that the Court of Appeal had decided in the case of a very difficult case, although the Court of Appeal was the case of the case, but that the Court is not a party, but that it is appropriate to distinguish with a different factor.
The State party also added that article 7 is clear and that the risk of the risk of a person would be a real and foreseeable, and the consequences of their rights should be violated.
Communication No. 933: Adgooooo, T.guuuuuuuu et alu et alu et al, the Democratic Republic of the Congo)
To this end, you shall not be entitled to grant the pension for the law.”
The military officer in the area in the area of the region was at the end of 1991, after the end of which he died after the attack.
Therefore, the State party is intended to provide tools and facilities.
4.4 The State party does not recognize that discrimination in the age of the age of the age is a response to the case of the author's findings in the case of the author.
The Convention's mandate and the application of the Committee's communication is the Commission, but not [un.
The facts as submitted by the author
Comments made by the author on the State party
They noted that the State party did not reject these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court's decision of the High Court, on 2 August 2001, was held on 2 August 2001.
In 1989, the trial of all detainees in the province of 1989.
Subsequently, the other members of the organizations of the organization are aware of the education law (article 15 and 16 of the Act), which prohibits the Act on the Law of Education Act, Act No. 15 of the Law Act, which prohibits a free version of the school school.
8 The author adds that Norway had been considered in the interpretation and practice of the rights of the Court since the absence of the use of rights, which was contrary to article 30 of the Constitution.
On the contrary, the people of the Sámi people has not been able to ensure that the right of the Sámi people has not been established in the case of the husband's husband's rights.
On 4 February 2000, these committees had reached a agreement on their respective groups.
However, the author does not provide information on the fact that the Supreme Court was not the case of the Court's decision No. 189 of 1997, the Supreme Court did not hear any doubts on the grounds that the Supreme Court had not heard.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially committed to murder of murder, and was issued on 7 February 1997 and he was released by him.
2.3 The author argues that the Registrar confirmed that the date of the notice of the assignment of the service is to be issued, unless the Court was informed to the Court, on Friday, 24 June 1994.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the Criminal Criminal Court found that the author's conviction was convicted and sentenced to a trial of six months, and sentenced to a fine of 6 months, and that the complainant's claim was paid to the complainant.
The Tribunal has not been unable to appeal to the request, but it is not possible that the State party is able to succeed in the absence of the success of the State, as a result of the political administrative decisions of the State, as well as the legal responsibility of the Government, as well as the legal responsibility of the Government, as well as the legal responsibility of the Government of 26 January 1974.
At the same time, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that the author's intention to do so to be able to take more consideration of the current situation, such as those of the victims of the family, as well as the fact that the author's ability to be used in the life of the family, as well as the fact that the author's ability to protect and punish the international community was not very successful;
The Committee drew attention to the decision of Jamaica (Act No. 30/309) of Jamaica, which was adopted on 7 April 1994 and on 7 April 1994, the author of Spain (resolution 49/19 of the Spanish v. Spain), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
The International Court of Foreign Affairs and Bulgaria, the International Court of the International Court, is the case of the International Court, which was published in p. 79.
Further substantive cooperation should require Iraq's obligations to comply with the obligations of all weapons of mass destruction, or that all of the weapons of mass destruction were destroyed, or any evidence of the material and activities of all weapons, as well as the evidence of any evidence, is not being used.
Our Iraqi Iraq has said that there is no prohibition of any material, but that they should be regarded as the evidence of evidence, and that they should be regarded as innocent.
One example is a clear example of Iraq's case in Iraq, indicating that it had been used by the Ministry of Governors in the near-house in Iraq since the end of August 1998, which had been used to be used in the production of water plants.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Sustainable Development, intergovernmental organizations and intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and major groups of intergovernmental organizations may be invited to participate in the meeting of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts on the Prevention and Development of the United Nations, as requested by the Secretary-General [E/PV.2]
Currently, 60 per cent of the southern and south-east in southern southern region are considered as a risk of the risk of the risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, the efforts to promote social and social efforts to promote social and social development is the need to be necessary for the individual.
If the State does not guarantee their survival, these communities cannot not achieve the cultural, social and social integrity of the Constitution.
A number of enterprises have led to the lack of political and political pressure, or taking into account the development of human rights in the core of the core sustainable development of human rights, and that it would be able to start the project or investment.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 and the Code of Procedure of the Criminal Procedure are also used to use the financing of terrorism or terrorist organizations without delay without delay.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and relevant statements, it was noted that 40 countries were invited to submit credentials in accordance with article 24 of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties of States Parties to the Conference of the Parties, including Australia, Belgium, Australia, Australia, Croatia, Iceland, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Romania, Romania, Romania, Romania, Romania, Romania, Romania, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uruguay.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act provides that foreign and stateless persons have been provided in the territory of Azerbaijan to participate in a non-governmental organization in Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone's right to freedom of life are free for the cultural life of the society and to share scientific progress and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, projects should be given to women's management, as well as the need for innovative local, and other similar enterprises in the field.
The first time was opened in June 2001 on the International Environment Management Centre (NPA) and the European Cultural Management Centre (NSP) and the European Culture Centre (CAT).
This is a project in two cities and recreation.
Paragraph 1
A number of e-business processes have been identified in a number of interested countries (OECD OECD) and a definition of the definition:
We will explore the potential possible for the use of data in the field of electronic commerce and the production of data.
World Bank.
The European Union is particularly concerned to consider the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/59/L.17 entitled “Human and international security issues”.
Step 2: Review of fissile material treaties
Requests the Secretary-General to provide services and assistance to the Working Group on its work.
Consideration of reports 23
It is not possible to include a offence of racism as a violation of any legislative provisions of racist crimes, nor that the Court is not to take into account the provisions of the legislative provisions of the perpetrators.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the adoption of a strategy aimed at improving the rights of Roma children in the education and integration of the Roma Roma, as well as in the form of health services and health services, as well as in the language of education.
A special review of women's gender equality was a special review of the policy policy policy in the country, and, in the course of the project project, has been established in the project project.
Most of these are primary treatment, or medical treatment in hospitals, or hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes the trade unions, a number of business unions, the independent trade union and the temporary worker union union.
If the worker has paid the death of pregnancy, the Special Rapporteur shall be extended to be extended to the same time, and the extension of a special health system should be taken in order to prevent or treat medical care.
After the start, eight tasks and actions have been carried out by the telephone programme programme, and the ongoing assessment of these mandates and operations, and to improve and improve.
In 2000, it also included the list of the disease to the disease.
As a result of the support and other forms of other forms of support and incentives, the number of students registered by the State sector in 1998 was to increase a increase of 10 per cent.
These schools have also benefited from the priorities of the country's programmes.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate and take appropriate measures to facilitate the participation of scientific and non-governmental organizations in the sessions of the Eleventh Congress, and taking appropriate measures to encourage scientific research to participate in the Eleventh Congress in all the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed a wide range of education, including the enrolment of school enrolment, the enrolment rate of the school, as well as the rate of enrolment and fertility rates.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Disarmament and the follow-up to the implementation of the outcome of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and the follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
The annual session of the State Party in November is currently being prepared.
This strategy is to overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building support in the field in this area, including policy analysis and analysis, including policies and strategies to enhance the development of the development policies and objectives of developing countries, as well as to enhance cooperation with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, as well as other relevant intergovernmental organizations, as well as other relevant intergovernmental organizations.
For the purposes of this instrument,
The use and risk of sexual sex education at the earliest possible date is early.
Most of the border checkpoints can be used from satellite networks.
The parties parties, neighbouring countries and the United States of America implies that the provisions of the plan should be agreed.
From 1990 to 1999, the primary enrolment rate in developing countries was shown in the number of secondary school enrolment in developing countries, compared with 80.8 per cent in the secondary school school.
This difference is not limited to the age, but that the evidence is not only in the report of the present report.
In developing countries, the gap between health and knowledge is a fundamental cause of the basic causes of infant mortality.
c Data data are available to students (school students), including the students of students in the University.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: report and the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, as well as its subsidiary bodies, as well as the report of the Special Body for Disarmament, Disarmament, Economic and Social and related Questions, including the provisional agenda of the General Assembly and the General Assembly, including the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as decisions and decisions of the General Assembly, including the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as decisions and decisions of the General Assembly, as well as decisions and decisions of the General Assembly on the work of the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the information and editorial functions of the information, to minimize the delays in the process of the process.
Subprogramme 2
All these acts violate the adoption of the resolution adopted by the international community, which has been contrary to the illegal nature of these acts, and Israel's refusal to withdraw their land, but that the Israeli authorities are not wrong.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations for its efforts to reduce the impact of natural disasters in the international community to mitigate the impact of natural disasters and to address the needs of developing countries in the context of this special session.
The special session of the Special Committee on Children is not a opportunity to review the progress achieved in 1990, and also we have made a opportunity to provide a opportunity to achieve the world's long-term community to the world.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking of children and children for sexual exploitation, maternal and newborn mortality, and children.
Millions of children living in extreme poverty are living in extreme extreme poverty, and more children are low, and more than 2.5 million children are low; developing children are estimated to live in the least developed children, in which they have been able to prevent the disease, in this context.
The plan of action has been comprehensive, including measures aimed at preventing prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and reintegration, and reintegration.
The proposed staffing of the Professional level in 2003 was summarized in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting to discuss the report of the delegation of the region.
Summary of the activities of experts
Response:
I have received a letter to the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Albania, Albania, Belgium, Belgium, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Malaysia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Slovenia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, financial and financial aspects of the implementation of the right to development is closely linked to the development of the right to development, in this regard, in this regard, the importance of strengthening the role of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stressing the importance of strengthening the role of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stressing the importance of the need to integrate more and stronger participation of the United Nations system and economies in transition;
Calls upon States to take special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including taking into account the measures to ensure that the full realization of the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health,
Decides to consider this issue at its sixty-first session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned that, in the different regions of the world, trafficking, racism and other forms of discrimination and other forms of discrimination against women, especially women and women,
Recommendations
In addition, linkages between mutual linkages are increasingly more closely, with the existing transit companies to seek the establishment of a network of corporate companies or other transport companies.
E. Activities of the ongoing activities: the impact of trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code provides that, in accordance with article 14 of the Penal Code, the legal law of the Republic of Tajikistan, in accordance with article 14 of the Penal Code, provides that the legal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan or the illegal law of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective to the criminal and legal law of the Republic of Tajikistan.
(b) What the State party may not act in the international conventions and protocols of the international conventions, as well as the offences of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination?
The executive direction and management of the Executive Director is the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Office.
(b) The work of the proposed organization (A/AC.26/84/L.2);
President of the Security Council
The requirements required by the requirements may include special and specific assets, resulting and expanded costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development.
The Chairman made a statement.
The Ministry of Justice has enacted all organs of all States, particularly the Ministry of Defence, and the Ministry of Defence, and the private security companies, to combat kidnapping.
It calls upon all parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and other parties to verify the verification of verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As a result of the financial oversight function of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Division of Finance, it is also possible to increase a increase in coordination between the two interdepartmental bodies.
In view of the view of the family's access to the use of information, it is also important that the data on the use of information on the family in family is also important.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
In fact, the views of the Government is a objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is also that, in these things, I should like to note that the Iraqi people should not be able to act in a democratic manner, as well as in a acceptable manner in a acceptable manner.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties are estimated that, even, the most recent measures of the end of the 1990s, they may also be able to meet the Kyoto goals.
Affirms that the culture of cultural dialogue is a common understanding of human rights and affirm the important benefits of international cooperation and cooperation in the area of cultural and cultural fields;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view to review the responsibilities and situation of non-State actors.
Some delegations, however, expressed that the perpetrators of the perpetrators should be allowed to ensure that the perpetrators of the person should be allowed.
In contrast, 16 countries have made a indicative contribution to 2001.
Let us work together, in order to allow this day to achieve the specific efforts of the Commission and other multilateral frameworks, in particular with respect to the full political and political needs of the world, especially in the world.
Secondly, the media widely reported the report of the Monitoring Team, which is the fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As a result of this item, it will be necessary to proceed to the next project on the next item.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and venue;
(a) The Seminar shall open public meetings, but the President finds that a private conference may be held in private meetings.
It is clear that there is no real peace in Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and the Syrian Arab Republic in the Middle East.
The achievement of development and achievements will depend on the positive development and international community in the security situation.
Mr. Sovov (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing the important meeting of the Security Council on the security situation in Afghanistan, and we would like to take a opportunity to hear a excellent briefing on behalf of the Ambassador, Ambassador and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) To use the use of treatment programmes to improve the quality of treatment programmes, in order to identify, effective and effective-time support;
Our responsibility are to provide the audit opinion of these financial statements.
The plan consists of the staff's staff staff, UNHCR's contributions and interest.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a approach to determine the best number of staff members of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the performance of the workload of the Mission, taking into account the recommendations of the Department of Auditors.
(The General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/50 of 27 June 2002, amounted to the total amount of USD 1,866,676,000, at the end of the period ended 30 June 2001 in order to increase the unencumbered balance of the unencumbered balance and other income and other income in the amount of the unencumbered balance.
In order to promote the International Day for Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women has established a national working meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community in close cooperation with the international community, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue the necessary steps to reform and continue the international community to continue to reform the reform of the Security Council.
Reaffirming the importance of non-dumping regimes as a essential mechanism for the international market for alternative development of alternative products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The year 2002 is the foundation for a fragile peace.
In addition, we believe that the nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons is a threat to the immediate threat of human security and survival.
In order to maximize the remaining time and facilities of the Committee, I would like to expect the full cooperation with delegations to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
The agricultural subsidies for crops, crops and livestock agricultural subsidies have decreased to reduce the impact of deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur visited the situation in September 1994.
The second meeting of the Second Meeting on the Law of the Second Review Group has been discussed in the context of the legal definition of mercenaries and the need to change the definition contained in article 1 of the Convention.
Determined to encourage strict adherence to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman indicated that the Secretariat informed him to inform him on Western Sahara, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America, Anguilla, Bermuda, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands.
The Government of Ecuador is ready to decide to inform the Committee at its disposal.
If there is a need to increase that 30 per cent of the investment projects have been established, the financing of the commercial lending is more than 25 per cent of the total population, and about 25 per cent of the project, which had been paid to the Fund or beneficiaries of the project, and the value of investment investment for the Fund's Fund.
Takes note of the adoption adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity on the entry into force of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Illicit Manufacture of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes in Africa, in accordance with the adoption adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity (resolution A/C.9/L.15);
The Inter-American Meeting of the International Conference on Transit Transport and Development (UNCTAD) and the International Conference on Financing of Transit Transport Cooperation (UNCTAD/UNCTAD/CP/20038) was prepared by the secretariat on the International Conference on Transit Transport and Development (UNCTAD/UNCTAD/CP/20038) on the development of the United Nations Development and Development Organization (UNCTAD/ITE/2003/88) and a further detailed details on trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops on regional capacity-building in WTO and the WTO.
These items or a large value, or one of the nature of the “contractation”).
Today, we will unite to join the world to rid the chain of poverty.
We need to strengthen the role of the United Nations and ensure all all States, regardless of the United Nations Charter.
As the debt of the debt, it will be the only of the poverty?
We firmly believe that these changes will lead to greater attention to the interests of the interests of the General Assembly, which will also be able to promote the key issues of the debate, and that it can be more effective to implement decisions.
Programme and budget
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/22 of 24 December 2001, called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to support the activities of recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, particularly developing countries, and small island developing States, to ensure that UNCTAD had taken any measures to ensure that the least developed countries and small island developing States should be taken to support the activities of the least developed countries and small island developing States.
Iraq has now been a decision of the Standing Committee, which is a genuine representative of the country.
Both of the people have shown that all of all persons have the right to freedom of life.
President Bush (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello, is proud of the United Nations.
The international fight against terrorism is the first of the Cameroon.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a process of the two characteristics of the Parliament, and the President of the Council is different.
In general, there is two two cases.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
A number of military personnel were authorized by the Mission in Ituri, including four units and units.
A number of actions have been taken by MONUC, in addition to the weapons of Bunia, and detained a number of individuals who have been suspected of any commercial weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all field services and to assess the evaluation of the country.
The report, inter alia, have taken a number of matters for action.
In indicator of achievement (d), the words “best practice” would be replaced by “best practices” in the implementation of the annual programme of work in the implementation of the Department's annual programme.
In the objective of the objective, the words “in the Millennium Declaration” should be replaced by the words “to-term objectives of the medium-term plan”, taking into account the General Assembly resolution 55/2 (The Millennium Declaration”.
Also recommended the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in collaboration with all Member States, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of its resolution 2003/7 of 25 April 2003, and encourages Governments to participate in the meeting, workshops and other activities of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the field of human rights education,
2.6.7 Elimination of discrimination against prisoners
Taking note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights on the rights of ethnic or ethnic minorities, ethnic minorities, on the rights of minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions adopted by the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including its resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Add.1, Add.1 and Add.1, Add.1 and Add.1, paras.
Sudan
The system providers, potential donor and country-users, and the community's users, services providers and international organizations should cooperate closely closely closely with the United Nations system and international organizations to ensure safe access to safe navigation, direction and systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical conference on the transfer of stakeholders in order to identify the participation of national forest programmes in national forest programmes and establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also cooperates closely with other members of the international community.
“The Security Council, in accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President of the Security Council, in accordance with rule 37 of the rules of procedure of the Council, invited to invite the Secretary-General on Foreign Affairs of Iraq, on behalf of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the Special Rapporteur has a stronger political role in the Sudan to support the current peace process to support a permanent and lasting peace.
He took note of the establishment of new institutions of the child and children of children, and ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, and OHCHR's technical cooperation activities in the field of technical cooperation activities, in cooperation with the rebel authorities, had taken preliminary measures to strengthen the role of civil society.
Delegations wishing to be submitted to the Committee should be invited to contact the secretariat of the Committee (A.g. Mr. Jean-Burton, Ms. V.e. or Ms. L.e. e-mail (tel.
In the course of this work, the participation of regional organizations, political leaders and civil society have been held.
(h) Report of the United Nations Development Programme and the Executive Board of the United Nations Population Fund at its first regular session (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also recalls resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 1692 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted its resolutions 2002 and 2002 and its decision 2002/244 and 2002/224.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer of Cyprus made a draft decision entitled “The programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/2002/L.11.
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/180 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission will be replaced by the General Assembly in the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) for 1 January 2002.
At the beginning of the meeting, we expressed satisfaction with satisfaction in the number of Member States, and to continue the debate on the quality and quality of the quality and improvement of the production and improvement of the launch of missiles and space launches.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands has not changed, unless the people of the island people will change.
Encourages the authorities to participate in all courses of children, including a variety of understanding, tolerance, tolerance and promotion of human rights, human rights and promoting peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) is the importance of ensuring the importance of justice in the most difficult process in national reconciliation.
In conclusion, the General Assembly requires a decision on this matter.
The Department of Political Affairs, in the area of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs, in accordance with Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), is cooperating with other relevant sectors of the Secretariat and the secretariat concerned.
With regard to the Tribunal, the relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization has been established by the Tribunal in order to cooperate with the United Nations at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) Improving the work of the main groups of the main groups, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, trade unions, trade unions and non-governmental organizations, and to encourage those groups to participate in the work of the Commission and general development;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, a decision-making of decision-making has also supported the support of their policies and plans to manage water, energy and environmental issues.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
The main objective of the subprogramme is to provide the following of Member States to assist the victims of the victims of disaster relief for natural disasters and natural disasters, including the technical situation of disaster-related situations.
The International Voluntary Association has also participated in a volunteer presence, and he would be invited to participate in all press conferences in non-governmental organizations and to report on the regular periodic reports and United Nations activities on the United Nations.
The jury subsequently made the Government to provide recommendations and the recommendations will be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Hampson (Norway) said that, in the fight against terrorism, the fight against terrorism is a pretext for the fight against terrorism and to combat the human rights of human rights.
Introduction
“The Security Council, in the United Nations ECOWAS and France Forces, has led to a number of armed groups in the ceasefire of the ceasefire, and the serious consequences of the ceasefire, as well as the consequences of the possible consequences.
Fifty-eighth session
The family: 8 per cent of the population: 2 per cent of the people: the same of the school, which is the same of 8 per cent, is the same of 8 per cent in the case of the work of the country.
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not the most vulnerable, but the ageing process had forced the integration of the ageing process to meet their physical, economic and economic environment, thereby increasing their vulnerability.
Several groups have expressed their own concerns, but it was agreed that social vulnerability to their full potential of their own potential to their full potential.
The family's health and loss of the family's families and the families of the families of the family are poor.
In armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often often suffer from death, or forced migration.
The reference to international responsibility of international responsibility indicates that the draft articles should review the responsibility of international organizations in the context of international law.
The Committee has not rightly decided to make a balanced balance between intergovernmental organizations and other intergovernmental organizations, even in the scope of the scope of the draft articles, and also would also be fully balanced in the common definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
The State's primary responsibility for the protection of refugees and the responsibilities of UNHCR are responsible for the responsibility of UNHCR to protect the rights of the international protection of refugees, which are responsible for the protection of refugees and other persons who are responsible for the protection of international protection, and UNHCR's ability to protect and respond to the protection of human rights in the country, as well as in a more coherent approach to the protection of human rights, in order to ensure the protection and protection of the beneficiaries of the beneficiaries, as well as the need to provide a more coherent approach to the protection and protection of the beneficiaries.
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies and development policies, I would like to assess the status of UNHCR's position in the family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad in the efforts of the Government of Chad and other parties to justice and justice, which are reflected in the following:
A important policy decision on the creation of the financing of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase is a important policy, which is the seller's seller, and should also be extended to the goods and other loans provided by the goods.
The benefits of such priority is to promote social goals.
In terms of creditors, the results and the results of the results could be based on the effectiveness and identification of the right to credit, and the need to identify and identify the rights of credit should be equally important.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signature of the report of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention is the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur, as well as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of freedom of opinion and expression.
However, there is a need to monitor the goods of the neighbouring countries in Somalia or from Somalia, and there is a need to provide a significant number of humanitarian and physical equipment in neighbouring countries, in the region of the region, in the region.
The Somali airport in Somalia is the first airport, a average monthly average of 80,000 passengers and 350 tons.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
General programme of work
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.24/Rev.1, L/C.3/58/L.28 and L.8)
Therefore, the Government of the United States has voted against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schzz (Liechtenstein) agreed that, in principle, the Office of the Special Representative should provide support for the Office of the Special Representative.
Ms. Elmia (Benin) said that she had taken regret that she was said that delegations had been able to change the content of the draft resolution on the draft resolution, which had been changed.
In article 45 of the Constitution, the definition of discrimination is defined: “The definition of a discriminatory relationship” that all persons can be treated in different languages, which are not the full and limited treatment of their respective members, and that any other person, regardless of their respective rights, political opinion, religion, religion or gender, or any other person, are not subject to any person or any person.
The right of persons to the right to freedom of discrimination and equal freedoms are entitled.
The management services is responsible for the Office of the United Nations Regional Centre in the Field and Field Service (including the Office of Commerce.
As applicable rules applicable to each category, the Regulations is also a distinction between “Children”, “Children” and “Women”.
As at October 2000, 32 children were living in the prison, and boys of boys were boys.
The case is based on the size of the household, a total of three regions.
There is a simple way for a more than time.
However, all high-risk patients are checked to monitor the prenatal-to-school transmission.
The use of land is a major challenge in Malta's territory in the territory of the Republic of Malta.
It is also provided that the planning plan and the components of support are provided in order to provide school services.
Malta is the concept of cultural concepts as a result of a wide range of personal and economic values.
The approach to these communities should be used to ensure the basic activities of national development, since which it is the potential of economic value in society.
(Signed)
While many efforts have been made, wars, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to hamper the social development of Africa.
I would like to address the transfer of financial, debt, market access and experience.
In the developing countries, the importance of trade was not disproportionated.
These procedures are also used to regulate the management, supervision and auditors of the organization.
It is imperative that all disabled persons are entitled to protect the right to protect, fully, equal and equal enjoyment of human rights, and that any discrimination or other exclusion of the rights of persons with disabilities are not incompatible with the principle of equal equality of human rights, as well as the right to human rights in persons with disabilities;
It was therefore suggested that the proposed “ended informal document on the two two countries” in favour of the establishment of a comprehensive convention on the basis of a comprehensive convention, namely that the other forms of human cloning was prohibited, and that the other forms of human cloning could be prohibited, or that the other forms of human cloning could be prohibited or prohibited by domestic legislation.
C. Actions taken by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, there is no objection to any objection, I would like to hear the Council's statement to the Security Council of the President of the Security Council.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to decide to decide.
Over the years, Member States have called for the humanitarian agencies to move to the potential crisis.
Weapons of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and aggression against aggression are a threat to the existence of the international system.
The last two half of the United Nations and the Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip — which is a insecurity of insecurity, the political and economic erosion of the political and economic erosion.
Therefore, my delegation will make the largest contribution to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
In order to justice, such as the attack of the United Nations military forces in Puerto Rico, is subjected to a State's independence or to commit a independent State.
He would clarify and further elaborate such methods and needs to integrate human rights.
These extradition treaties are consistent with article VI of the Code of Procedure.
Table 21.2
The situation in all countries in all countries have deteriorated in the area of employment and unemployment, despite the most serious majority of Argentina, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, as a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
There is no clear distinction that there is a need to address the conclusions of the scientific opinion of the scientific opinion.
The funding and external resources of the organization are the main source of major sources of financial resources.
The results of the results of the various scientific policy processes and data collection systems (see www.un.org/W/W/W/Q/Q/M/M/M.g.org).
Security Council: www.un.org/french/ga
The multilateral discussions of developing countries in the context of national regulations on domestic regulations is increasingly interested.
Case study study
In addition, the Secretariat will continue to make a note of the issue of troop-contributing countries.
With regard to this issue, see paragraph 2 (a) and (b) of paragraph 2.
The camps and the relocation of the camps are a result of the armed forces, and refugees have forced access, access to access to access, access to access to access to access to access to asylum.
In addition, the High Commissioner, in which the High Commissioner decided, decided to convene the meeting of the Conference on special organizational arrangements, and the burden of burden was the issue of the forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” remains contentious.
On 23 July, one of the United Nations aircraft on the United Nations took place.
Combined initial, second, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/B/2006/1);
The report indicates that Brazil and non-governmental organizations participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Congress had adopted the report.
The majority of students are rich, and scientific and academic students.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for compensation for the claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination against racism, racial discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and welcomes the importance of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and welcomes measures to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the Commission;
“The implementation of the Programme of Action and coordination of the Programme of Action for the third United Nations Decade against Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key challenge of the road area is: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting from the impact of the effects of fish stocks, growth and mortality of fish stocks; and (b) the use of organic organic pollutants and the use of the marine environment, and that it would be more likely to be able to be a result of the world's current organic organic pollutants, and the use of the use of the sea in the Arctic, and that it would be more likely to be able to be able to reach the use of the world's chemical and the environment, and that it would be able to be able to be a result of the world's invasion and Protection of Human Settlements, which has been a result of the world's invasion and Protection of Human Settlements, and (b) in the context of a climate change in the Arctic, which is a result of the world's invasion and Protection of Freshwater.
Several delegations expressed the view of control of fishing, organic organic pollutants, organic organic pollutants, sea and the use of the climate, and the impact of climate change, as well as the adverse threat of climate change in the Arctic Arctic.
Media and information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to promote partnerships between local, regional and regional networks, and will be able to live in the world;
The programme agreed the establishment of a new demonstration study, which would be able to identify and seize commercial opportunities.
Mr. Peral Per, France, University of the University
Mr. Torres, Switzerland, Switzerland's Association
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Smry (Romania): Mr. President, in his first meeting, I would like to congratulate you, Sir, on behalf of the presidency of the Conference on the occasion of this meeting.
With regard to verification, there has been a comprehensive and innovative approach to a comprehensive approach and a broad discussion.
Since 1987, a total of 2,22 Palestinians in the West Bank (including the West Bank) had been destroyed by the Palestinian Palestinian housing, which had been destroyed by the lack of construction permits.
The specific investment project project project is currently more than 100 loans, which had been allocated to $5 million, which was used to meet 50 million new loans in November 2002.
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will be able to be able to develop their experience in the context of a wide range of programmes in the context of a wide range of programmes and lessons learned in post-conflict peace and stability;
Mc Dow, op. cit., op.
I would like to remind the attention of the Secretary-General to address the terrorist attacks against the Palestinian citizens.
Contents
Over the same time, more than 200,000 students have received a number of students, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men and 5 per cent of men have been completed in the first secondary school, and 2 per cent of men and 3 per cent of men have been completed.
In 1995 and 1995, the total number of hospitals had increased to 8 per cent, while the provincial hospitals had increased to 18 per cent in the provinces, while the number of hospitals were increased from 16 to 16 per cent, and the number of health centres were increased from 29 to 144.
The Youth Alliance also will also explore innovative approaches to young adolescents to provide counselling and fertility services.
The age of women and women are the same of the child's children, the survival of the planet and other similar collective movements.
Young children have seen their experience in the United Nations system, which is also familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey was open to the first meeting of the States Parties of the Ottawa States, held in Dakar in May 1999, announced that it intends to accede to the Convention in the first decade.
These debates have also played a catalytic role in defining and clarifying this issue.
However, everyone is aware of that the harm of weapons of mass destruction is likely to do so.
We are convinced that we are now beginning.
We have now concluded the consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts made by the Secretary-General in his efforts to improve the modernization of human rights treaties, particularly in the reporting response, and requests the burden of the countries to the countries.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the feasibility of the financial assessment of peacekeeping operations and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“security of political — military”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies shall take into account equitable geographical and basic legal systems.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Commission focused on the implementation of all legislation on resolution 1373 (2001), and they have taken steps to take steps to implement the international conventions and protocols of terrorism, and they have taken steps to establish effective mechanisms to combat terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council contained in the report of the Economic and Social Council;
The initiative of the initiative include the guidance of the United Nations bodies, donor and donor organizations.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 544 of 22 December 1999 and 55/20 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of health and social awareness of national health services is increasingly important, and first as a result of promoting the objectives of these goals, as well as the development of the social and economic sustainability of society.
In order to achieve progress, we need mutual dialogue and the need for specific recommendations.
Mr. Majar (Nigeria): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the United Nations Islands Islands Forum on behalf of the Pacific Islands Islands Forum: Australia, the Marshall Islands, the Marshall Islands, Nauru, New Zealand, Samoa, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and Fiji.
The individual group could also play an important role in the discussion in future and in future.
It was noted that the first session of the Committee for the Prevention of Children and the Senate of the Bureau of the Senate of the Congress will be amended in the first session of the Committee to amend the domestic tax regulations and that it is important that the Federal Federal Court had decided to eliminate the application of article 99 of the tax tax law.
CEB members generally agreed the findings and conclusions of the report, which should be acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles made by the Global Centre for the Information and Water Network, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to report to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare a analytical report on specific issues and issues to address issues and address the consideration of the seventh session of the SBSTA.
In particular, China's interest of crude oil in Kazakhstan was signed in 1998 and signed a agreement between 1998 and the country in 1998 to create a agreement on oil resources in the region.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is a domestic legal law.
Act No. 10/1997 Coll Coll Coll Act on Access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to information.
Resolution S-10/2.
WFP reported the recent report of the World Food Unit, which has increased to increase the total of 12 per cent in 2003.
The Ministry of Health of the Ministry of Health of the Ministry of Health for the implementation of the child's health programme for children aged 10 to five years.
The President of Timor-Leste welcomed the cooperation between the Office of UNESCO and the UNESCO Director-General of UNESCO to increase the cooperation in the field and science of Timor-Leste.
A legislative legislation on policy papers in 2003 was scheduled to be held in 2003.
The United Nations Mission in Support, United Nations agencies, programmes and programmes provide technical assistance to provide technical assistance to national police and public administration, and respecting the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision decided to use the wording of the proposal prepared by the Secretariat (see para. 4 (b) (b) (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base for the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also referred to the fact that the Group of 77 and China had not participated in this meeting, which was a important signal, and he urged all States to reconsider their position.
Italy
As a result of the experience of the use of procurement in the use of procurement, the amount that this amount has been reduced to all of all of them, which has been reduced to all of them.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Division of Legal Affairs will be responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that, as possible, to restore the stability of Iraq in Iraq.
The sustainable development of sustainable development is a key element of the goals set out in the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Students and teachers have started on distance-based cooperation and exchanges.
World Tourism Organization
Article 7
The report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination for its forty-third and forty-third session reflect changes in the proposed programme budget programme for the biennium 2004-2005 and the need for further modifications to the following note.
To date, only one country (Botswana) will be on list.
The relevant international organizations of the programme are usually considered as a tool for the development, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus on a number of measures to implement some measures.
The European Union and its member States have actively committed to the Conference on Disarmament, in order to pursue consensus on the basis of the mandate of the Special Coordinator and to establish negotiations on the implementation of the treaty, multilateral and international agreements and international agreements on the use of nuclear weapons and other nuclear weapons.
China's position to achieve the above goals should be summarized as follows: encouraging the nuclear-weapon-free threat of the Middle East, and firmly uphold the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, to maintain the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which is the United Nations in the Middle East, and that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the Middle East, should be held in the Middle East, and to avoid the effective implementation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to avoid any violation of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to avoid any violation of treaties or national sovereignty.
My delegation recognizes that this tragic situation is to reaffirm the appeal of the President of the President of the General Assembly on the adoption of the General Assembly's appeal to the General Assembly at the last week of the General Assembly, which would have a legal instrument to deal with the legal instruments of the international community.
Other corruption, including the protection of the protection of persons and victims, compensation, extradition, legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about the violence against women and discrimination in all of the religious religious intolerance,
There must be a need to be involved in the relevant agencies and programmes.
As a result of the specific shortcomings of the publication, the Law Division will update existing publications and preparation of existing publications.
This could not be considered as a result of the reform, but should not be regarded as a result of the mandate and objectives of the Commission, and to bring the overall role of the United Nations in disarmament and international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be necessary to provide appropriate administrative support to the scientific centres.
(a) The administrative and functioning of the Centre shall be responsible for the basis of the rule of law and the scientific centres;
Uruguay has made a commitment to restore peace and maintain peace in the region, and it had been held in the Conference on the purpose of which it had reached over 20 years.
As many countries have many countries, Ethiopia's invasion and occupation of war and the consequences of the consequences of the consequences of conflict, in this regard, could be more more than more than other countries.
It was reported that the activities of the abduction of children was a important activity in the Sudan and the Office of the Office of the Prosecutor, the Department of Justice, the Department of Justice and the Prime Minister.
The Committee took note of the section of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed that the programme of work should be included in the programme of work of the Programme of Management, the Programme of Implementation of the Programme of Action, the implementation of the Programme and Rules of the Programme of Implementation, the implementation of the Programme and Rules of Implementation and Rules.
If we do so, we can contribute to the reform of the Organization, and we do not mean that the peace of the peace of the Middle East should not be achieved?
In addition, the National Policy Policy policy in July 2000 provides a positive action in the Government of Government to take into account the Government's legislative and legislative legislation and the participation of women in all political parties.
Source: reporting assessment and analysis.
Implementation of the approach to rural women and family planning strategies
In June 2003, the President of the Council expressed its commitment to the press to the press and its support to the Quartet.
The above resolution affirms the cessation of Israel's occupation in the occupied Arab territories and must be the right of the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to exercise their right to self-determination in their own land.”
Introduction
In my report in my report, there is still still a fact that the aircraft will be able to be able to maintain the waters of the United Nations in the area of UNIFIL, and then to the Lebanese airspace of UNIFIL in the area of UNIFIL, and that there is a direct verification and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, informal consultations have been held.
The construction of the premises of the refurbishment of the premises should be able to facilitate access to the ground.
The report also discussed trends on the use and methodology of the use of women and women in the form of contraceptive use.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has made a strong commitment to the survival of humanity, Morocco had received the United Kingdom of Morocco and regret that the world still live in the world's population and hunger in the world, and that the climate change in the world continues to reduce poverty and hunger in many countries, and that millions of children continue to suffer from the spread of water and sanitation, and that millions of people continue to suffer from the spread and consumption of millions of people.
Other matters
Recalling the efforts taken by the Heads of State and Government in the Millennium Summit to take measures to ensure that the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, in order to ensure that the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate and protect the human rights of migrants, and promote harmony between all societies,
This trend showed that the Lao People's Republic of Korea has declined in the opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the session of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the present session, the draft agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission was prepared in accordance with the provisions of the present session.
The debate shows that, although the implementation of the Convention has made progress, there is still room in the areas of the region.
The increasing increase in soil erosion and reducing the incidence of consumption of soil is rising.
At the world of the world, it could be re-establish the support of the Convention to promote knowledge and knowledge.
The travel may not be left at the time of night hours, such as the work of the day, the payment of the payment of the payment of less than 10 hours or more than 10 hours.
Grants grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations is a wide range of issues, including economic, financial, trade, trade, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
This statement calls upon States to take concrete action in the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to consider the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Para (Indonesia) proposed a delegation of the Secretary-General to return to Ramallah to assist him in order to demonstrate the support of the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force in the Near East;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 54-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to include the legislative law in order to increase the number of posts in the election of women and appointments, in particular in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to ensure that the special special measures of women in all areas of life should be taken to ensure the participation of women in all spheres of life, particularly in the senior decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to encourage women and children to develop a wide range of educational options for women and children to help their own potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the recent number of women in Colombia, particularly in the context of women, in particular indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples” does not contain discrimination against discrimination in other law, including the legal provisions of the Convention, including the right to freedom of property, identity, identity and family groups.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening cooperation and cooperation between the United Nations organizations in promoting sustainable environmental development and cooperation in this regard, in this regard, in the context of the United Nations Development Group,
UNICEF is a joint co-up of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport and Development.
In partnership with UNESCO, the United States Centre for Communications has established two awards, one of the “the “best”” of women”, which is one of the words “to-sensitive” of men or women.
The study in the media and peace of the media is particularly special attention to Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights held a meeting on international non-governmental organizations, which adopted the Plan of Action of the World Decade for Human Rights and the International Decade for Human Rights, which was held in December 2002, and the establishment of the International Decade for Human Rights, and the promotion of a culture of peace and peace in the local heritage, in order to facilitate the promotion of dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local heritage, in order to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local heritage.
The General Assembly adopted the recommendation submitted by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of the report, as orally corrected, as orally corrected (A/58/294) (resolution 58/309).
The figure also described the main features of the content of the value chain.
The Director of the Director of the Director of the United Nations Forum on Non-Governmental Organizations, held in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000, participated in the meeting of the Asian Forum and the Asian Development Conference of the United Nations Forum on Non-Governmental Organizations.
In addition, the Government was studying the possibility of the use of the use of prostitutes in the civil society to recruit the use of prostitutes, particularly those who are vulnerable to HIV infection and to provide victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the right to care should not be regarded as a fundamental element of women, which should be based on the common responsibility of men and women in society.
The elimination of nuclear weapons and weapons of nuclear weapons are the long-term goal of the long-term objectives of the United Nations.
The commitment to increase troops is not the only challenge of the United Nations.
In many instances, the United Nations has been able to provide a post-conflict peace-building process in the United Nations.
The two two countries have come to track, and the world is likely to reach the possibility that the world is expected to reach.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has stepped up the assistance to facilitate good governance and strengthening national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
The objective is to eradicate the people of the people of the people, and the right to freedom of freedom and freedom of expression, which are the foundation for all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps of the civil society and international relations in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate with the global efforts in this regard, and that international law should not be regarded as a obstacle to the fight against terrorism and should be regarded as a valuable tool.
- The initial report of the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (CEDAW/C/15/Add.55, para.
The law also provides that the learning and skills of learning and skills should take into account the need to promote equal opportunities for all ethnic groups, women and women, as well as the rights of men and non-citizens.
The Government's participation in the role of women and technology in the field of work: “The “green”” is a strategic review, which is a strategic review of the priority priority priority to improve the results of women's training and the training of women and the development of the training of women in the field of labour and technical areas.
The members of the two General Assembly members of the Republic of Northern Ireland have been one of the General Assembly, and the General Assembly of the General Assembly, on 14 October 2002, two women were women.
See annex 2 to 105.5 (Article 10), pp. 9-105.
In particular, the Government has submitted a plan of action for rape and convicted rates.
The document is taking into account the recommendations made by the Commission in 1998 and provide information on violence against women and to prevent violence against women.
In the absence of a effective international and local contract to the United Nations or the local contract, the application of the contract or conditions of the United Nations may be found in a cost-effective manner, in order to enable the United Nations to be able to apply to the United Nations.
The implementation of the tripartite process in resolution (2003) has been achieved.
We believe that, in the light of the progress achieved, it should be taken that the date of resolution 1483 (2003) should be held at the date of 21 November.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/33)
The Secretary-General's proposal to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of all Member States and the determination of all Member States.
This is the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the consensus in the United Nations is a result of a number of non-permanent members of the United Nations, and we will support this approach.
The Vice-Presidents of the Vice-Chairmen (Australia) and Mr. Pen (Indonesia), Vice-President, took the Chair.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is further important for strengthening the IAEA safeguards system.
In the process of development, the Court requires considerable flexibility in the courts.
The first part of the budget has been set out in the first part of the Court, the Court's appeal to the Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, may include the Trial Chamber to address the work of the Office.
• The specific facts of individual members of individual individuals, focusing on the focus of the High Commissioner,
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support to the Prosecution Division and the Ministry of Legal Affairs and Policy for a effective basis.
The Office was planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 to increase third third.
Verification and recording of assets and the importance of the use of their use cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure that the Office of the United Nations Office on Field Services has regularly entered into force.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and other international organizations of the United Nations, and other international organizations to maintain daily contact and consultations with the United Nations, are also represented by the security of the Court.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to continue the International Criminal Court in order to establish a exchange of understanding of the principles, objectives and actions of the organization, and to provide a good interpretation of the principles, objectives and actions of the organization, as well as the establishment of a good public service, which is based on the principles of the United Nations, as well as the establishment of a good public library and the provision of information to the Court.
(viii) To know the Secretariat's attention to the Secretariat to consider any matters to consider any matter;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not a appropriate approach to the Secretariat's secretariat.
Trust Fund
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform the Secretary-General that my Government has signed the privileges and immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and to authorize you to sign the agreement in this week.
Composition of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, which provides that Governments and international organizations are a priority for the implementation of Agenda 21, the Sustainable Development Conference for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) Implementation of the Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives;
Reaffirming the outcome of all United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up review,
I would like to speak on this issue.
We call on the adoption of the International Trade Organization, adopted by the International Trade Organization, which has adopted the TRIPS Agreement on the Intellectual Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
The Secretary-General has submitted its recommendation (A/58/586) and the Advisory Committee will be able to report.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of strengthening the strengthening of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including the need to ensure that the necessary financial resources and resources necessary to ensure the implementation of the right to the right to development, as well as the provision of support and support for the right to development,
External factors
The members of the Committee of the Parties explained the background and objective.
The general punishment of children against children is generally punished.
However, some girls were completed and completed.
In addition, the civil society and civil society have taken other actions:
- Changes to change, which is still in the social culture of the social culture, and they are forced to reduce the progress of women.
As noted in some delegations, the amount of reimbursement for the troop-owned equipment of the troop-owned equipment in 2002 was significantly higher; it is estimated that troop-contributing countries could be able to accurately accurately accurately assess the number of troop-owned equipment, as well as more specific information for contingent-owned equipment.
The report of the Advisory Committee should be considered by the representatives of the Fifth Committee and the troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia has also decided to extend the provisions of the European Union in the general legislation of the European Union, which is not to be given to the overall legal adjustment of gender equality in the European Union.
The Penal Code of the Republic of Croatia adopted in 2000 and 2003 is detailed details in article 6 of the report.
Source: Central Statistics
However, if we consider other resources from other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of people have increased to increase in 1998.
• The Ministry of Health and Health Services has continued to continue to work in the end of 2003.
His delegation strongly rejects the inclusion of the agenda of the Conference, which was contrary to the principle of the territorial integrity of the integrity of the Charter.
According to the view, the distinction between the goods to the original transport means was found in the case of the goods.
A alternative approach was suggested that the protection of this approach should be designed to increase all parties to all parties, including a independent group.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future future to the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The report of the report (S/2001/575, A/2006/285, S/2003/64, S/2003/67) was the issue of Iraq's property in Kuwait.
Iraq will continue to continue to return to Kuwaiti persons and to return their homes, or to return their families.
The Coordinator would like to identify the efforts to identify the fate of the captain.
M. M. Al-Qaida, Al-Quds Al-Thani
The Chairman noted that the Committee recommended that the item would be allocated to the General Assembly at its plenary session.
Finally, we wish to commend the Counter-Terrorism Committee to work in the work of the Counter-Terrorism Movement.
The development of global markets is a means of improving the spread of the media, the media and more more more than more effective international travel, which can contribute to the development of the global anti-terrorism networks, which can contribute to a common and more more effective international organization, and that such networks can be able to achieve the common goals and destruction of the world, in particular through a democratic society.
“The terrorism is a mental disease.
In many cases, posts have been postponed in the past years, and it is not possible to continue to continue to be postponed, and, in the course of the country's offices, the staff's staff has been able to be able.
The United Nations Development Group will be adopted by the United Nations Development Group in September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, as a element of the Secretary-General's reform.
The Division has also established the reform of a organization to monitor and monitor the Division's Division (in the Division of Statistics and Research), and the United Nations Regional Year of Action and the Global Year of Action, which has been set out in a series of the name.
The oversight function has been expanded, in addition to the use of urban and GIS systems, including the integration of urban inequality.
The theme of capacity-building will include analytical methods and information, advocacy, networks, networks and networks.
In 2007, the People's Democratic People's Republic of Korea may be considered new characteristics.
Challenges:
As the National Committee is usually more than other resources for other resources, it would be possible to increase the capacity-building capacity of regular resources and other resources for regular resources.
In view of the limited limited resources of the Foundation, non-member projects are limited to the work of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the programme, and the activities of a growing increase in the human settlements in human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, in cooperation with the Ministry of Education and Education of the Ministry of Education and the United States, has been coordinated and coordinated by the United States and the United States system, including the educational programmes of Mexico, youth and adults.
In this regard, the Government of the Philippines has failed to protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers to protect migrant workers and failed to do so to do so from the traditional practices of the industry.
In Latin America, the same trend in the number of female workers in the number of migrant workers have been supported by UNIFEM, with a view to establishing a knowledge base in the current migration process, which could be able to develop a knowledge base in the current migration process.
The management and documentation document of the Conference is to address the central and fundamental aspects of the United Nations system in the world, (see A/57/777, para.
In consultation with the Secretariat, the Department of Trustees undertook efforts to seek methods of methods and to prepare the preparation of a pre-session document to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Participation and gender equity in women
In the light of the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, it was not limited to the management of the control of the control of the control of the authority of the Treaty, which was often limited to the business management organization, which is often involved in the field of scientific matters, and that the International Maritime Management Organization could be held in the field of the South-east-East Asia, which would be a example of the International Maritime Management Organization, which would be a example of the International Maritime Management Organization, which is a example of the International Maritime Management Organization.
Consideration of the entry into force of the Agreement or proposed international instruments
For example, the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties (Council resolution 2005-10), paras.
The Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the General Assembly of the International Criminal Court on the Establishment of the International Criminal Court for the Establishment of the International Criminal Court.
The use of groundwater in the field of water is the scope of the Convention on the Law of the International Watercourses of International Watercourses.
Reiterating its importance to the importance of effective control of drug control and the consequences of the illicit drug control system and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and the consequences of illicit and national policies,
Iraq stated that the Atlas is not available to the goods, as “the material of the material material, which was issued on 4 July 1990 and the “Fit” of the goods, and the provision of the delivery of the goods in the same months of 20 December 1989.
The Association of Arab Ministers seeks compensation for “family subsistence allowance” for “family subsistence allowance” in the amount of the claim claimed by the claimant in the amount of the payment of compensation in the United States in North America, and to provide compensation for the maintenance of the expenses of the United States in North America.
In the absence of a agreement on the basis of the intention of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Iraq and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Iraq and the Russian Federation of Iraq, Mr. KKK has completed a agreement on the basis of a free-based basis, and in the light of the establishment of the first-to-entry agreement on the basis of the establishment of the Government's intention to establish the use of the use of the Internet, the MVK has been able to provide a solid basis for the purpose of the establishment of such equipment, as well as the establishment of a company's use of the use of such equipment, as well as the establishment of a company's use of the use of such equipment, as well as the establishment of a company's ability to be used by the Ministry of Foreign Intellectual Property, which has been established in 1975.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends that the Panel's claim for relief or relief was paid to the amount of USD 2877.
As a result of the United States dollar.
This case refers to the International Foundation for International Development (BPA), which is located in the International Foundation of International Solidarity, which was located in the region, and the Committee's list of members of the Committee.
The present document is submitted in accordance with the above requirements.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and the policy of the following policy: the State's commitment to nuclear-weapon States and the non-nuclear-weapon States are not the use or use of nuclear weapons.
At the same time, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command bodies, including a political Council, as a sole body for the use of nuclear weapons.
As a result of the High Commissioner, I stressed this point in the context of the item.
As a result of many countries, there is no poverty in many countries, which is more than the world's development, or in the world's countries, or to the world's country's level of poverty.
The Court must review the right to the right to protect the fundamental rights of the Basic Law in accordance with the provisions of the law.
(b) To reduce the needs of the mandate of the Security Council, as well as to deploy and establish peacekeeping operations for peacekeeping operations;
The request for the request is to provide specialized expertise in the monitoring, evaluation and evaluation of inspections, in order to facilitate effective oversight in peacekeeping operations in peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties have further elaborated this issue and noted that the quality of information provided in climate change in climate change was regarded as a general relationship” (France) and “in the relationship between the non-governmental organizations and the State's rights in the country”, as well as the role of the media to understand the understanding of the culture of understanding (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must understand and understand these issues and must also know the need to address the needs of the problem and their role in this process.
Media media.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into a short-term period, the medium-term period and the proposed action.
The coordination and training programmes for donor donors is a first stage of this component.
The use of waste in the use of waste can lead to the loss of ecosystems and species of ecosystems.
(f) The Egyptian Government reported that human rights education are included in school curricula and/or school activities.
The fact that the number of people has been generally accepted, but there is no right to individual obligations or responsibilities, but that they are not a right to the international framework, but that these responsibilities should be set out in a appropriate manner, if they are in a appropriate manner, whether they are a different and important interest in the framework of the international framework and national level.
Mohammed Hirir, Deputy Minister of the Interior, 16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations activities, such as the political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding missions, or humanitarian missions, but that it is necessary that the United Nations or the General Assembly (art. 1 (c), para. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We have continued to pursue settlements in the Palestinian territories, especially in the West Bank and the West Bank in the occupied Palestinian territories, in particular in the West Bank and the West Bank in Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our deep concern about the lack of serious violence and excessive use of force, and that the use of the excessive use of force, supplies and damage.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the British bank system could not be able to verify suspicious transactions.
The captain was not convinced that: “We do not have to be changed — you did not do not do not do not do not — “We do not mean “in”?
One of the expertise is one of the expertise of the training camps, as a result of the use of use.
The activities of the Georgian campaign is not not limited to a small region.
We believe that this developments is a very important contribution, which will allow the Security Council to make a important decision to take a decisive decision on a greater sense of responsibilities and objective.
I call on the representative of Iraq.
The economic exploitation is also designed to protect their health and development, to ensure that they are able to receive or implement the rights of the child or to implement the rights of the child, or in accordance with article 138 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The private sector and other enterprises may provide workers to ensure that their families are living with their families and their families.
Spain, Ms. García García da La de de de Rodríguez de de Rodríguez de La de La de Torres González González, Mr. David García, Mr. José, José, José, José, José, José, José, L.g. García de la de la.
In the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mr. Gelar, G. G.ovskiski
The President of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights on the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights introduced the coordinator of the Bureau of the Bureau, as well as representatives of the Bureau of the Bureau of Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Latin America and the Caribbean and other international groups.
Meetings of the Meeting
They suggested that each treaty body should take measures to improve the right to press releases.
President of the President
The Chief Division is composed of 1 Professional and Professional Officers, which is responsible for the effective application and implementation of information technology technology.
Thus, Mexico requested the Court's decision and declare:
There is currently only the documents of the documents and the documents contained in the present document, without exception to the decision of the Court.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5777.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
As the funds of the banking system, it is not possible that the funds of the funds would be transferred to the use of the funds, if it is not to be used by the use of the funds, if the funds of the financing of the financing of the international terrorism may be found.
With regard to the general standards, the delegation of the United States supported the need for further consideration of the methodology of the proposed administrative classification system and looks forward to the results of the report of the Committee, as a result of the report of the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility for the participation of countries in developing countries and the economic reform of developing countries, especially in developing countries, in particular assistance, trade and debt relief.
The total number of claimants have been provided in Kuwait in Kuwait in Kuwait.
In the first instalment of the “E4” Report of the first instalment of “E4” claims in the first instalment of the first instalment of claims, the claim and valuation of the claim claimed in the instalment of the instalment of the claim was made.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the need to address contemporary weather events and their natural disasters and disaster disasters,
I have the honour to transmit herewith the statement made by the General Assembly in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 in New Delhi and the World Conference on Non-Violence and non-violence in New Delhi (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States to ensure the protection of the rights of women and their members of their families,
The Government of Thailand and my delegation, together with all of the United Nations, expressed deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Vieira de Mello, and others, who were killed by murder.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and are actively actively engaged with many countries and international organizations.
The Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina contained in paragraphs 110.11 and 140 of the Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina, including the confiscation of criminal activity, including the purposes and means of confiscation, and protecting the destruction of weapons.
In addition to the organization of the United Nations and the international community, I also collaborated with many international non-governmental organizations, particularly in the International Aviation Aviation Association (II) and the International Civil Aviation Association (II) and the International Civil Aviation Association (IEC), the International Institute for International Air Control, the International Narcotics Control Association (IEC), the International Institute for International Air Control, International Air Control Association (IEC), the International Narcotics Control Association (UNEC) and the International Institute for International Commercial Control (OECD).
English and French are working in its work, but the other languages of the Conference, including the Conference, are also used in other languages.
The latter's claim is the seller or the seller's seller, and its assets and its operational operations, also continue to continue to improve the relationship between the debtor and its operational operations, and to improve the possibility of a new provision of credit, and to improve the value of a new loan interest.
There was some laws that have been established in a number of laws, the representative of the insolvency representative may lead to a contract that would lead to a contract that would lead to the use or not of the law.
The insolvency representative may be a person or in certain jurisdictions, which may be a legal entity or other legal entities.
(x) The creditor may be appointed by the representative of the insolvency representative or any other matters.
As mentioned above (chap. III, A and B), insolvency law may wish to refer to the obligation to ensure confidentiality of the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Provide advice and assistance to the representatives of the insolvency representative and the organization;
(d) In order to take appropriate safeguards, the possibility of the possibility to avoid the possibility of the application of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons may be required to avoid the application of the law.
The creditor does not have the right to claim in the final and reporting period, which may be considered in other provisions of the insolvency law.
If the claim referred to in the proceedings of the insolvency proceedings, such a claim is normally governed by a breach of the claim in the insolvency proceedings and that such claims may be considered in a dispute in the insolvency proceedings, as a result of the dispute's claim in insolvency proceedings, as a result of the question of the insolvency proceedings, see chapter II (a) and II.
The insolvency proceedings often need to be trained with professional assistance, such as the insolvency representative or the representative of the debtor, as a insolvency representative.
Priority claims
A number of insolvency law suggested that the representative of the insolvency representative would be required by the representative of the insolvency representative, and the representative of the insolvency representative.
The threat of the attack is also a normal aspect of the lives of the Palestinian life.
We have not seen any practical steps to achieve this goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament in Asia, I agree with the other members of the Conference, and we all all members of the Conference, and we urge all States to address peace in East Timor.
Calls upon all States to ensure that the right to freedom of religion or belief in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and Belief, as stipulated in the provisions of the Declaration on Religion or Belief, shall recognize the right to freedom of worship or assembly or to maintain and maintain such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur provide the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil their mandate;
The revised programme and subprogramme 4 of the programme include a note of subprogramme 4 (Sustainable development) and increased new subprogrammes entitled “Sustainable development”.
The General Assembly, in its resolution on the Rights of the Child, continues to emphasize the need to integrate gender perspectives in all policies and programmes of all children (resolution 57/19).
In the request of the Chairman, the representatives of the Council will be made to the members of the Council on behalf of the Council.
The Secretary-General considers that these credentials are consistent with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The South-South Development Initiative was submitted to the United Nations Development Fund in 1999 (the first phase of Namibia, Panama, Panama, Ecuador, Ecuador, Peru, Peru, Peru and Botswana”.
In the bilateral settlement of a bilateral settlement dispute, there is a need to exclude the effective use of local remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principle of the principles of the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction in Barcelona, which was based on the principle of diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, the State party should be able to identify the grounds of unilateral action or omissions, as a result of the State's State or act, as a result of a State's obligation, in particular, in particular, to the extent of the application of the rights of the organs or the application of a unilateral commitment, in particular, to the extent and conditions of unilateral commitments.
The Association also cooperated closely with the United Nations in the field of disarmament, conflict and peace.
At the same time, the support of the Foundation's Foundation is being implemented in order to strengthen the role of civil society in improving reproductive health innovation.
In the world, a growing number of new partnerships in the world is the most growing region in Brazil, Canada, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, Germany, Japan, Japan, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Russian Federation, Turkey, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's refugee approach to Guatemala could be a example of a long-term solution to refugees.
Under the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antoniocampo, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, from 9.30 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. in the Conference of the General Assembly at the heart of the General Assembly at the General Assembly.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Martínez, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of the Agency to provide technical assistance to Member States, and noting considerable progress in improving the effectiveness of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan of the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure that good security records are continuing.
With regard to the implementation of the Action Plan of Action for the Suppression of Terrorism, Mexico supports the measures taken to improve the safe security of all nuclear materials.
However, the staff members of the Agency are working in these areas and many other others, in order to facilitate the better and safer security of our world.
The right to natural persons is a residence of the habitual residence.
(c) Any attempt to be found in the signature of the signature of the signature of the signature of signature; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the context of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was suggested that a definition of such a definition is the instrument of the instrument, and that the Guide to Enactment should be drafted.
“The evaluation of the evaluation should be carried out in two stages.
The use of dangerous goods should be used in order to avoid the dangerous transport of dangerous goods.
“3. States Parties should control their infrastructure to define the interrelations relationship and to strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations system in the field of science and technology and the development of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, as well as the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council will hold a briefing on behalf of the members of the United Nations on behalf of the members of the United Nations, on behalf of the members of the members of the Council, on the work of the Council, on the work of the Council, but the day of informal consultations.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/52)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 9 -- implementation of Agenda 21, the implementation of the Agenda on the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development: the outcome of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development (A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 shows that the young girls had been able to make the use of a self-sufficient.
As the General Assembly of the General Assembly, on 27 October, the Working Group of the Open-ended Open-ended Working Group on Commodities will be held in the existing conference conference.
In this regard, we particularly noted that the development report of the 2003 human rights development report clearly stated that the situation in sub-Saharan Africa would not be able to be able to meet the current primary education goals, which will be able to reduce extreme poverty and to reach two thirds of the child's primary primary education.
The gravity of the situation in Africa is a real danger for international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Eritrea's capacity in Africa.
Developing countries need to overcome a wide range of obstacles, which could be used to use the market market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Committee.
The murder of the murder of the murder of the two Palestinian citizens were killed, and some of them were injured.
“On the competence of the jurisdiction, the complainant found that they have been a continuing situation in the situation, in which it is not impossible to withdraw the entry into force of the Convention on 14 June 194 194 of the Convention, since which it is not the right of the State to enter into force, since which it is entitled to be a “wit”.
In particular, the Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has found more than more breaches of the provisions of a breach, and subsequently recommended that measures were taken to measure the above classification.
The State party's objection to the admissibility of the admissibility of the complaint, which has not been considered by the State party, and that the State party does not affect the implementation of the administrative and commercial insurance of the State, and that the State party should not be able to implement its functions in accordance with the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The issue of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also concerned about the lack of discrimination in the market market, and to the extent of a number of persons who are deprived of mental or mental life and access to public access.
On the Rights of Human Rights No. 17/198/1989, the Netherlands v. The Netherlands, on 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex B, para. B, para.
See, for example, the Human Rights Committee of the Human Rights Committee (resolutions 59/1993, A. v. Togo, 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, vol. II, para. II, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the situation of drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school students is to be trained in universities, with a view to the training of teachers, and to establish the training of cooperatives in the training of cooperatives.
On 13 May 2003, the Tribunal decided to be opened by the Tribunal of the Tribunal, while he was the first case of the decision of the Tribunal's decision.
Commentary
The recent year of the past year has been forced to have been forced in the fight against the nuclear non-proliferation regime, and clearly clearly clearly the need to strengthen the specific steps of the system.
A total of $1 million million and $55 million have been reached in the joint programme, which would be used to identify the complementarity of capacity-building and otherarities between the United Nations and the United Nations.
(a) Sustainable urbanization ( frameworks:
HSP/GC/21/Add.2
A detailed study on this topic was presented by Mr. Stephen L.
(d) Conflicts in conflict;
Bulgaria also signed the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the exchange of information based on the exchange of information based on Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Romania, Romania and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island day is not a legal and even part of the United Nations Interim Administration in Cyprus.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriot political leaders also referred to such issues to address the principles of the island islands.
The priorities of the transitional phase include support to support and stability; restoration of basic services and infrastructure; human rights promotion and local capacity; support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the GDP of Djibouti in Djibouti has increased to 2 per cent in 2001 and a positive evolution of the year was confirmed in 2001 and that the year 2002 will be a change in the direction of the year 2002.
Article 24 of the Act No.
The security situation must also continue to maintain and build the Bonn Agreement.
The arrangement will be included in the period 2002-2003.
To date, there has been some 300 kilometres in the area of a more than 300 kilometres, and the Palestinian terrorists cannot not be able to escape the civilian population of the Palestinian population.
Germany regrets the regret of the resurgence of violence between Israel and the Palestinians.
The wall does not have the construction of the Green Line.
This wall is the road, road, road and roads.
The European Union has close close contacts with all parties to assist them to implement the road map.
The Palestinian people must take practical steps to show that they have been committed to the extremists.
- The addressee is unable to be reasonable to provide information on the information information available to them.
Proposed proposed
However, in the area of legislative and policy areas, it seems that the measures have not been taken to integrate gender mainstreaming policies.
Expressing its deep concern about the economic situation of Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation, including many innocent innocent people, and their devastating impact in the region,
The general theme of the High-level Dialogue is the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the future mandate.”
Draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.45, which is not a imbalance to transparency transparency in conventional arms, which is not excluded by weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference has emphasized the need to strengthen and national national, regional and international policies and to coordinate coordination, including the Bretton Woods institutions and the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the activities of the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
2003
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, cross-border patrols, cross-border patrols and airport advisers are being deployed to assist the Sierra Leone police in these areas.
The suffering of children are particularly difficult, who can be able to live from the night, sleeps, and pain.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that, in accordance with article 19 and 20 above, the specific priority of priority and insolvency issues were addressed.
Chapter III
Also decides that the Working Group will recommend recommendations to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review of the review of the outcomes of the United Nations and summits on the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits, taking into account the positive role of all relevant stakeholders, as well as the positive role of all relevant stakeholders;
Aware of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the implementation of the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements, including the internationally agreed development goals, including the goals contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, as well as the need to achieve greater coherence and effectiveness in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council in the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B of the Security Council.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the British citizenship to apply to the territory of the Overseas Territories, while it urged the Territory of the Territory to take into account their domestic legislation, particularly in the context of human rights and financial services.
In 2000, the Government of the Government has been a engine of $5 million, which was mainly mainly of the bank banks of Anguilla and the Caribbean.
At the same resolution, the General Assembly calls upon States, specialized agencies and specialized organizations to provide special resources to the Palestinian refugees to provide scholarships and scholarships for Palestine refugees, and invites the relevant agencies of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to assist the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in Palestine Refugees in their respective mandates;
Tunisia welcomed the recent United Nations Secretary-General's attention to the implementation of the provisions of the Charter on the impact of the sanctions on third States.
The Committee should focus on a more number of issues to avoid the issues of the United Nations other United Nations agencies in the work of the sanctions group and the mandate of the Security Council.
(b) National stability system
They are often often difficult because of their homes, because because the population of the population is not in the absence of the most basic assistance and situations of the most basic assistance and conflict in the country.
States recognized that they are responsible for ensuring the responsibility of refugees and internally displaced persons.
A copy of a copy of a copy of the company's company's company, which has been issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the company.
Mr. Khane (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate vote to the United Arab Emirates, in accordance with paragraph 3 (b) and 6 of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply to the fact that he had previously concluded the Court's decision 41/213, and hoped that the statement would be made to the following statement, and that his delegation would remain the same of the interpretation of the rule of opinion and the text of the President.
KFOR continues to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations in Kosovo in Kosovo and provide security assistance to support the police of UNMIK in Kosovo.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all terrorism and violence.
Decides that the main groups of the United Nations, including non-governmental organizations, should participate in the participation of the International Conference on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in accordance with rule 55 of the provisional rules of procedure of the General Assembly;
Requests the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources available to the Department of Public Information in order to ensure that all major groups of major groups, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, in the preparation of the international, regional and international media, to encourage donor and international media, including small island developing States and the preparatory process of the preparatory process;
Rule 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia, in accordance with the Charter of the region, will enable them to meet the criteria of membership.
However, we must continue to mobilize the resources of the necessary resources to achieve all the declarations of all States, and those of those parties are very promising in our minds.
We re-establish the efforts of economic efforts to new foreign direct foreign direct investment, transfer transfer, and to enhance cooperation between Member States and civil society.
We are very sadly informed that the Office of Iraq on the management of the Office of Iraq has been killed by a number of injuries killed by the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have been identified by the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime, which has been limited to the extent of the proliferation of the proliferation of the proliferation of the proliferation.
The vision of Ambassador and Robert Ambassador, which has led to the establishment of the European Bank, has been established by the European Union, which has developed a multilateral integration body in the European Union.
The search and means of the need to prevent international peace and security is a major threat.
Subparagraph (1)
Application or choice of application
Some participants expressed support for this recommendation.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The web site of the national statistical data (www.dd.gov) will be able to enter.
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also also concerned that we have been able to collect evidence of the evidence collected by each person.
The President: I now call on the Prosecutor of the Prosecutor to respond to any comments and questions.
Mr. Buzzzz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his delegation supported the analysis and capacity of the Secretary-General in his report (A/55/345) and its support for enhancing South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation.
During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur met with the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Republic of Iraq.
In addition, the Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/587).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted the text of the draft declaration of the Malmö declaration of the twenty-fourth century (No. 13 (c) and on the basis of the text of the text, the WTO member States had continued to continue.
Developing countries generally considered that the draft guideline did not reflect their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to change the impact of climate change in risk assessment and evaluation.
“1. In accordance with the use of the use of force, threat to the use of force or the use of the use of the use of the use of aircraft, the use of aircraft or vessels, and to 15 years of imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed work of the proposed measures for such measures as well as the mandate of anti-personnel mines and announced that the country had become one of the sponsors of the country and the United States of America.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but that the Unit will be able to fulfil the rule of law, which will require more resources in the Mission.
Over the past decade, the number of conflicts in internal conflicts have been a significant change in armed conflicts.
It would be hoped that, in the context of the preparation of the report, consultations with the United Nations system and civil society in the United Nations system and civil society.
It was also suggested that “special situations should be deleted in particular to address the situation of minorities.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted a proposal by the Chairman, which adopted the following conclusions:
The Joint Intelligence Unit signed agreements and memorandums of understanding in cooperation with other governmental agencies of Colombia, Spain, Spain and Panama.
• The list and items of importing companies;
Similarly, the European Commission held a preliminary discussion on the establishment of the European Commission and the provincial leadership and municipal leaders, which began to start a consensus on the decentralization of the decentralization strategy.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its forty-sixth session, the Committee approved the recommendations of the Working Group on its forty-sixth session to prepare the recommendations of the Working Group to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, namely the review of progress made in the implementation of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the recommendations made by Member States to prepare new mechanisms and initiatives for the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This has been provided by Sweden in a direct manner, based on all data in all parts of the European region.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will take positive and effective efforts to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference are in the form of the form, or in the form of the form, and in the form.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee, the Office of the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining, held in New York and May in May and May, organized a seminar on the joint mine-clearance workshop on mine-related mine-clearance workshops, and the report of the Standing Committee to the Standing Committee.
The International Monitoring and Evaluation Programme: a effort to facilitate cooperation with participating countries in order to avoid duplication of the international programmes, as well as the use and evaluation of humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the implementation of the present resolution and to provide any possibility for the full and effective discharge of its mandate;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade and bilateral trade arrangements could not reduce the important role of the multilateral system, as well as the important role of a non-discriminatory treaty, but that there is no option on a non-discriminatory basis.
The solution to finding solutions must address economic and economic aspects of specific countries and assess their identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Early Warning,
Requests the secretariat to consult with the Committee on Science and Technology, in consultation with the Committee on Science and Technology, to submit a study on a minority-specific study and to submit the report of the Scientific and Technical Commission at its seventh session;
The General Assembly's members of the General Assembly are also used to be used.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the appropriation appropriated by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/299 of 27 June 2002 amounted to $831,800, gross ($837,800, net ($727,000) for the maintenance of the expenses of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, it was also taking into account the increase of local staff in the local staff from 1 July 2002 and the estimated amount of $60,000 to the local staff in the vicinity of Damascus and 25,000 in the north and F`a.
A total of the federal budget has been allocated to protect the safety of chemical weapons, improving the security of the safety of such security.
At the same time, the opportunity for Equal Opportunities for Equal Opportunities has been established in the use of a number of procedures.
(c) Providing skills or technical assistance to the terrorist organization, or in cooperation with their cooperation or their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the phrase “law law” was the impression that the impression was referred to other legal law, and that it was clear to refer to the legal law of the concession contract.
The devastating effects of the daily conflict is the result of a socio-economic economy and the deterioration of the embargo.
Security Council resolution 1397 (2002) reflects the importance of which it reaffirmed the importance of the relationship between the two States in the relations between the State and the State.
These countries have a serious threat to the most serious threat of the regime and the threat of the Iranian nuclear weapons, as well as the destruction of the illegal nuclear weapons, and its repression and its repressive regime, and that they are not the world.
According to UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the area of the Zugdidi is generally calm.
I would now like to focus on the international community's work in its work.
I am often told that the donor countries do not know what we do not know.
He is very frank, open and frank, which would rely on the loss and change of commodity-dependent countries.
The above guidelines should be designed to provide a assessment of norms, coherent assessment frameworks, to enable the Government to take into account the changes of the ship and port facilities.
In addition to this, there is a increasing of the production of the consumption.
In this regard, the Code stressed that special efforts should be made to protect their human resources to protect their human resources, degradation, degradation and the use of human resources and the development of the human resources of fisheries.
The control of flag vessels must be strengthened.
See also the publication of the Department of Energy and Transport of the European Commission on Energy and Transport, on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended the mandate of the Special Rapporteur to provide clarification in a timely manner.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include the following efforts to promote regional and regional cooperation; to assist the exchange of information-sharing and experience of exchange of information and experience; mobilizing resources;
The Secretariat is based on the three criteria for the revision of the classification system for the revision of the system.
The role of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the integration of poverty in the field of human rights is a national action plan in the field of human rights.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling also its resolution 392 of 19 December 1977 entitled “Human settlements arrangements for international cooperation in human settlements”, particularly in particular, in particular in section VIII of the United Nations system,
The Committee welcomes the inclusion of the results of the results format, namely, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement, as well as the development and management of indicators.
The Committee also stressed that the three subprogrammes should be strengthened in a constructive and comprehensive partnership with the development of the development of Africa's development in Africa.
It was expressed that the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposed number of outputs to limit some outputs.
It was pointed out that statistical statistics are one of the areas of overlap.
The Office was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should strive to make every effort to promote and ensure the relationship between the United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure consistency of their policies.
Table 24.13
The paragraph should read as follows: (c) Develop the knowledge base for sustainable development, which could be effective effectively effective and effective effective and effective use of information on the development of sustainable development in the context of sustainable development, and to use the use and dissemination of information on the development of sustainable development, including the development of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, and to promote the development of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all aspects of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 seemed to be required and should be carefully addressed.
It was reported that, in the Americas of the Americas, there is a legal recognition of the Roma, in many parts of the Roma, in many parts of the Roma, and in many parts of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
In order to provide adequate and effective remedies, it is proposed that the establishment of a independent or court member of minorities was established.
However, it will be developed to adopt a number of measures to limit international standards in some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of the national network of national institutions.
Financial statements for the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Group
reaffirmed reaffirms the report of the United Nations Tokelau Mission in East Timor;
At its resolution 56/19 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly noted the importance of the strategy to develop the overall objectives of mine-action operations, while it recommended that the entire international community should be given priority to the international community in the period 2001-2006.
This three judicial proceedings are not excluded, but mutually mutually reinforcing to assist Rwanda and reconciliation.
This record is equally important for the rights and administration of justice.
In accordance with the current legislation, the members of the International Tribunal on the Former Yugoslavia should be concerned about the issue of the proceedings and the archives of the Tribunal, which may also be directly directly to domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on the issue of Iraq, but it is not impossible to stop the bloodshed and that the United Nations had not failed to resolve the Middle East crisis in the twenty-first century.
The General Assembly, as well as the main decisions and decisions of the United Nations, we wish to address the recommendations made by the debate.
It was asked that we can support the prevention of local preventive efforts?
Open-ended informal consultations on the oceans and the law of the sea
The ecosystem approach need to increase the functions and processes of the implementation of the Committee.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to participate in the process of the preparatory process of the preparatory preparatory process of the Summit, and to further participate actively in the preparatory process of the Summit;
The International Law Commission considered the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of the responsibility of the State, which is considered as a “International principle of legal law, the treaty, the treaty and the judiciary, “International principle of international law”.
As a result of the right to remedy, the injured State does not apply to the protection of the rights and may lead to a breach of a decision.
The topic is also discussed in the case of the international law of the international law of the International Law of the International Law.
(a) The General Assembly decides that the General Assembly is currently currently available to the Conference of the United Nations, in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly, as well as to the participation of the least developed countries to participate in the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. E.E. Mr. Graa (Secretariat) said that, as explained in footnote I, the option was intended to study the various forms of the rights of the concessionaire in many countries, as well as the use of the concession company.
During the report of the Working Group, the secretariat of the Committee has been preliminary in the light of a preliminary assessment of these claims.
Although the number of claimants had received, there was no reply to the above standards.
Contribution to development at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/3 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include a number of sub-items on the implementation and implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits in the major United Nations conferences and summits, including in the context of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010,
The mandate of the General Assembly has been reviewed to review the mandate of the Mission to focus on several administrative aspects, in which these areas could be able to improve the market.
The European Union reaffirmed their determination to sign the ratification and implementation of the Convention on the fight against terrorism.
The Act covers the following matters:
18 June 2004
In its resolution, the Council referred to other tasks of the Group and referred to the Panel's efforts to improve the problems of the Group of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the context of conflict situations in conflict situations, and, in particular, on the situation of the illicit population and other forms of natural trade, in particular the issue of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Cooperation and cooperation between the parties
The third party, despite the absence of a opportunity to respond to the Group of Experts.
As a regional solution, the above recommendations did not have a long-term implementation.
Slovenia was requested to provide responses to the form of the form to the form of 7 July 2003.
Noting that the World Summit and the World Conference and the World Conference on the Advancement of Women continue to provide guidance on the implementation of the activities of the World Conference and its follow-up processes, and how policy policy policies and programmes are set out in the centre of a comprehensive comprehensive development approach, as part of the integrated comprehensive development approach.
This report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Ms. Løj (Secretary and Budgetary Committee) introduced the report of the Advisory Committee on the report of the Board of Auditors on reports submitted by the Board of Auditors (A/57/466), noting that the delays in the report of the Board and the Board of Auditors remains very important.
With regard to the issue of payment of the Central Emergency Response Fund, the European Union agreed that the Committee's views was not clear to the extent that the situation of the humanitarian agencies had been made in 1998.
If so, please provide the Committee to provide similar information on the purposes of the list listed in the list listed.
If so, please provide information, the number of or return to or return.
In my country and financial systems, no types of types of law or natural persons, lawyers or financial management may be held in the country's bank or financial system.
Welcoming the important work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the first three years of work,
Second regular session 2003
It is part of a long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary authorities, namely that it is not necessary to support the establishment of a settlement of Cyprus, which would be supported by the Israeli Cypriots of the European Union.
In different regions, “Trade trade” is also designed to develop the environment and the environment in the form of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) a new knowledge of new knowledge in the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the topic, and (b) flexibility in the development of the development of the development of development capacity; (b) to adapt to new topics or new model.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means that the international community is to achieve the work of the WTO to achieve development.
The General Assembly should actively participate actively in the process of the decision-making process of Member States, and to follow up its implementation.
These unilateral acts are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations Charter, to eliminate trade and financial relations, hampering the economic and social development of affected countries.
The Committee asked that there was three the baseline data for the performance of performance performance, and that it did not be submitted to the end of time.
A number of factors were caused.
(i) “Unone”” means of any entity, organization, managers or officials of any entity, including a person or private private law, in accordance with the functions of the United Nations system,
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) In subparagraph (b) (b), the offence shall include offences under the jurisdiction of the State party and in the scope of the jurisdiction of the State Party.
Rule 37
However, the State Party may, in particular,, in particular, the State Party, in particular, to provide assistance to the State party in the context of its discretion, regardless of the State's domestic law.
(b) Request for the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, and the nature and nature of the proceedings, as well as the functions and functions of the process of investigation, prosecutions or proceedings;
The State party should ensure that [Agreed]] measures to ensure that the transaction of the transaction of its banking and financial institutions should be found in a appropriate period.
During the second reading of the second draft text of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following text:
These delegations believed that the design of existing regional mechanisms and means to avoid unnecessary duplication should be found in the implementation of the Convention.
The projected growth of all sectors in the year 2000 will be in line with the “measures” for “measures” for “measures”.
Note: The list of State Code, please see annex.
These rates include the costs of counsel and office.
One third one of the total payment of the payment of a reservation is to be used to be used in the period in the case of the trial in the period.
The full text of the letter is to be circulated by you.
If a organization is known to a terrorist organization, its assets is confiscated and transferred.
To date, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of some more than 50 countries expressed their support to the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, children living with disabilities are equal for the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forests
The report of the present report showed that, although there has been a good and cost-effective-effective and cost-effective approach between developing countries in cooperation with developing countries, they have not been able to provide guidance on institutional policies.
Many of the Government had announced the concept of the practice in the Conference on Buenos Aires.
These African countries have expressed the political conflict and the lack of financial resources to increase the major obstacles to South-South cooperation.
The United Nations staff network network in UNDP has been expanded, and the main partners of the major partners are being used to provide advisory services to the programme of work.
In order to meet terrorism, there is a need to focus on the three three counter-terrorism activities of the three three nuclear-terrorism activities, which would not be used to prevent terrorist activities (e.g., the prevention of terrorist terrorist activities, as well as to prevent terrorist terrorists, and to ensure that terrorist terrorists can be used to prevent terrorist terrorists, and to ensure that terrorist terrorists can be used to combat terrorism, as well as the strengthening of the international security capacity (for example; and the strengthening of international law enforcement measures;
The development of development must be a integral part of international investment agreements, to support the national policy to attract greater FDI and more benefit.
NGOs have been developed to improve the image of women in order to improve stereotypes.
Ms. Tavarescucu said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee also wished to know the training of literacy training and to reduce girls in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral action, which is not the road map, because it was able to create a viable, sustained and sustained Palestinian State.
Capacity-building.
First session (P.
The following of the second, the industrial development banks in Amman, the Industrial Development Bank, was held in Amman and (b).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: note of the report of the Secretary-General on 7 November 2002 and 7 February 2003 and the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom informed the Secretary-General to inform the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) to the General Assembly of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
A resident partner, Malawi's International Accounting Corporation of Malawi
Convinced that the need to fight crime and all forms of terrorism, as well as international cooperation and technical assistance,
For example, ports of the private sector in the same three countries of the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack of adequate funding and the implementation of structural adjustment programmes.
Minister of Foreign Affairs
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-President of the Committee (Sweden) on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21 on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.211.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made by the representative of the European Union and to agree on article 1 and 3 of the same wording.
Financial contracts and net reserves
It should be permitted to establish a reduction of the risk of risk and to determine risk risk in the case of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief of the Chief of Justice has expressed its interest on the number of a preliminary survey in the Commission on Truth and Reconciliation, particularly in the area of maps and forensic reports, and that the High Commissioner would be able to share all copies of all documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to promote the effectiveness of the administration of justice in the administration of justice, including through necessary and effective action, including appropriate action;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report should be submitted to the request.
There are two two-known human rights activities, who are arrested by the perpetrators of the murder.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of implementing the implementation of the Programme of Action for respect to human rights and respect for human rights for human rights, in order to manage democracy, consolidate democracy, consolidate democracy and the stability of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Invites ECOWAS to take all activities in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, in particular the implementation of the Declaration on the Prevention of Small Arms and Light Weapons in Small Arms and light weapons, as well as the report of the Committee on the Prevention of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects;
UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several countries have participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the discussion and harmonization of the debate, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, in which Nepal participated in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestinian territory
The Committee held a formal meeting (decision 45) and the President was held with several consultations in 2003 and held several meetings.
The Panel has not been able to provide any direct link between the other requirements in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported the Group of Experts that many individuals may have a breach of the prohibition, as they have a foreign nationality or a foreign State.
A number of weaknesses have been identified in evaluation.
The protection and protection of women and women in the global standards are the right to be protected.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information on the situation of all ethnic groups are also provided.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a update on the latest report to address the issue of Member States to Member States in the absence of the delay of the external debt deficit, and to consider the consideration of its consideration at its fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction the adoption of a draft resolution on the management of the International Convention on the Carriage of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Development and Development of the United Nations, as well as a comprehensive report on the draft resolution on the draft resolution, as well as a consensus on a global system on the global system,
Cessation of nuclear arms and disarmament.
It is therefore essential to support our full support.
More efforts should be made to identify acts of terrorist acts, as a result of the use of a anti-conistism or terror, which is the result of political or economic compulsion.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency His Excellency Mr. Roberto Moreno, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is one of the victims of terrorism.
The principle of such principles is more more than the world.
What we do so?
However, some issues cannot not be given to the attention of a objective of a objective.
Non-State threats to international peace and security — you should be correct to address the evaluation — and the proliferation of proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As a few minutes of my predecessor, Mr. Annabi, this arrangement would ensure that the functions of the President would be successful and to ensure that the United Nations must be fully important.
These concerns: land law; forestry and agriculture are not sufficient to guarantee the poor's poor; some of them are not sufficient to secure the poor's access to roads; and that they are victims of the streets and the people of the poor.
This situation is the need to focus on addressing vulnerability and risk analysis, reflecting the need for emergency response to disaster relief.
The Treaty of Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation have been sentenced to the application of the application of the Tribunal's application of the Tribunal (No.
The result of the above acts of death and other major consequences shall be sentenced to 15 years of imprisonment.
The above conduct is:
A/58/7/Add.13, final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No.
The Executive Director of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has been informed to tell us?
The use of force by the threat of force and Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — which has been adopted by the Government of Iraq, is the first opportunity for the Government of Iraq, with a view to all, immediate and active cooperation in the field of disarmament, but that there is still a number of cooperation in this area, but still far as a result of a unconditional, immediate and positive approach.
What?
The third types of types of diseases — most vulnerable diseases — have little research and development in the rich countries, but there is no commercial development and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
The dissemination and dissemination of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on Counter-terrorism and assistance of assistance for counter-terrorism and assistance.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult genital mutilation has been conducted in 2002.
It was suggested that, in order to avoid the use of the use of the draft bill of lading and “or “the””, it was suggested that there was no doubts about the existing existing practice of the bill of lading.
The general comment was also made that the provisions of the draft instrument contained in article 8 of the draft Instrument had been used to use the use of “A transport”” and the use of electronic documents in the electronic transport document, as well as the use of the United Nations document, as well as the content of the document.
It was suggested that article 2.1.2 was equally concerned and requested that the text of the draft article should be identified in the text of the draft article, which was entitled by the right to be imposed in the contract of the carriage of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument could address issues relating to the conflict between the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument, as well as the question of loss and damage.
I wish to remind the representatives of the Security Council and the observer of observers, which will be held on Friday, 21 September 2003, at its 8th meeting, on Friday, 21 September 2003, and on Monday, 22 September 2003, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2000)1
These activities reflect the importance of procurement systems and the importance of increasing economic growth, and also highlights the need to coordinate the efforts of all international agencies in the field of procurement.
In the light of the conclusions of the SBSTA to the SBSTA, the secretariat would use such information and to improve further methodological work on the quality of data on the quality of data, and to support the work of the secretariat in the preparation of Annex I.
Action: The SBSTA will be invited to provide information on the information provided in this document, as appropriate, to the secretariat and the secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also urged all air traffic to take place in the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations have improved to improve the health and livestock of livestock;
The Department of Public Information has been prepared by the Department of Human Rights on the United Nations and decolonization of the Department of Justice, which was prepared by the Department of Human Rights in 2001 to respond to the issues raised by the representatives of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and organizations of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, which are mainly focused on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, as well as the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the territory of the Territory.
Mr. Reijoo (Cuba) noted that the press of Anguilla had made the comprehensive report of the Department of Public Information to press press releases on the Caribbean region, and the public television stations had been published by the Parliament.
In accordance with this article, the provisions of the Swiss law is reasonable to freeze the assets of individuals and entities associated with Osama bin Laden or Taliban.
In the light of a change in the annex of the Act, the EVA is required to be amended.
The possibility of assistance to other countries to assist countries to assist them in the implementation of the provisions of the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly.
Potential options
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/252 and 57/282, the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/252, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Crime, in its request to strengthen the regular budget budget of the Office, would be included in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (para.
(iii) Booklets, lectures, presentations: exhibitions and maps, print materials and services (2);
However, the success of the Monterrey in Monterrey depends on the success of a global partnership to global partnerships.
At present, we must be committed to the spirit of the spirit of partnership between the poor and the rich countries.
Review of human settlements.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, regional, international banking systems, international trade, international trade, international trade and the stability of countries.
The cooperation between the law and the regulatory sector should be encouraged to encourage the business and commercial law in order to prevent and prevent commercial fraud in order to prevent and prevent commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers to be established by the arbitral tribunal.
The Internet and computer technology is not only in the case of traditional offences, such as theft of property, property, property, property, property, property and other criminal systems, and, in addition to the key infrastructure of the United Nations and the Government of the Government.
• To ensure equal equality of all parties to ensure free access to outer space, at the same time, to avoid the use of land;
They also stressed that economic growth, poverty and social exclusion are the root cause of the root causes of a new conflict, as a result of a new conflict, and that there is a need to address the growing international inequality, stability, security and peace.
They reiterated its conviction that the non-Aligned Movement members of the Non-Aligned Movement should have a comprehensive, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances in the nuclear-weapon-free State.
The Heads of State or Government of Heads of State or Government are opposed to the issue and justification of the problem, which may limit access to market markets in developing countries, or limiting technical assistance and technical cooperation to developing countries.
The financial report also adopted similar measures for trade companies.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to take a series of balloting.
I would be grateful if you would arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights on agenda item 111.
To that end, the establishment of a independent or court court and the appropriate procedures for the rights of the rights of the rights of the person is to be established.
Taking into account the State party's State party to ensure that the rights of all individuals in their territory and their jurisdiction are recognized by the Convention,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
A total of $6.6 million would be used for civilian staff, which amounted to $5 million for peacekeeping operations.
In fact, in spite of all banks and financial institutions in Thailand, the guidelines on the implementation of this guidelines is to assist Thailand to carry out their actions.
Violence against women are a key component of HIV/AIDS strategies.
(b) The campaign, and the participation of the media and the media of the media, to establish a good example of the role of men and to increase women's participation in HIV/AIDS and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has helped to develop a national population and update the census data, which is crucial to the development plan and to better understand social economic and demographic issues.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council of the Central African Region, Mr. Jean-Moo, Vice-President of the African Union, and the National Union of the Economic and Social Council of the World Bank of the World Bank on Africa.
- Act No. 709 of 20 March 1970 on the implementation of the Financial Regulations and Financial Regulations;
I have the honour to transmit herewith you to you herewith the letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Republic of Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (see annex I).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group has expressed support for the support of Guinea-Bissau in Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings of the CRIC
The first time of the implementation of the UNCCD in the context of the implementation of the UNCCD.
At the first session of the CRIC, in November 2002, a consultative consultations held in Italy in November 2002, the aim of which it is intended to provide a analysis of the analysis and results of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the information and proposals for regional cooperation in countries.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the draft resolution on the strengthening of the implementation of the verification of armaments in the framework of strengthening monitoring and verification mechanisms.
Some representatives commended the Secretary-General's report for comprehensive and comprehensive progress, indicating that they support the outline of the proposed programme programme.
The Commission is scheduled to consider the item in paragraph 2 above, on Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003, in paragraph 2 above.
The security of information in information and telecommunications systems is a major factor for ensuring security, national sovereignty, national sovereignty and national sovereignty, as a major factor.
Decides that the establishment of the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) was a first-month six months to support the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and in accordance with the provisions of the Secretary-General's report in the report of the Secretary-General (b) and to cooperate with France and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with paragraph 14 of resolution 1460 (2003), the Security Council calls for the immediate recruitment or use of children against children in the territory of the child or to use the use or use of child children;
The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. President, on 21 January, has been made to the Secretary-General of the United Nations Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, to provide strong support for our initiative, and that we have made strong support to our initiative.
As a result of the annual report of the 2001 annual session, I have been a paradox.
Children remains the main victims of the conflict.
In June 1999, my Special Representative had pledged to have been committed to the RUF, allowing the abduction and release of children and children for humanitarian purposes, while the Palestinian Defence Forces had also taken the recruitment of child soldiers and their commitment to demobilization.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “the implementation of a decade” and requests to provide the specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the hostilities in the territory of Iraq, there has been a difficult time.
In Japan, my country will actively ensure the full responsibility of the United Nations to fulfil its own responsibilities to enable it to address the challenges faced by the international community.
It is not a problem of disarmament.
In paragraph 6 of the Council's decision, the Council set out that the claimant's claim of the claimant's claim was to take reasonable steps to reduce the loss of loss, “the loss of loss of compensation” to avoid the loss of loss of loss.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening United Nations military personnel, civilian police and civilian personnel and the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi, Italy and the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is one of the main considerations, as the poor's family is not a opportunity for equal education, or that there is no opportunity to be made.
If migrants did not meet the requirements, the social benefits of social benefits may endanger the rights of migrants and their families in the host country.
The expansion of urban migration has resulted in the common support of the peoples of indigenous peoples, and, in the traditional areas of traditional areas.
In the Latin American and Caribbean countries, the majority of older persons are particularly vulnerable to the elderly, who are particularly vulnerable to the labour market, and that many people have left the labour market, and that they have been able to be able to recover their families.
This legal framework is not to protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, because indigenous peoples stressed the common ownership of their full resources.
The international cooperation and international cooperation between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the implementation and implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations Economic and Social Council in the Economic and Social Council,
Taking into account:
International Association for Education Education and Research
As explained in the present report, the Council will be able to consider the cost of the submission of the submission of the claims.
In the case of this claim, compensation was paid to the arrears of the sale of goods in Iraq in a third State in a third State of third States.
/ E2(2(3) (see para. 8 (a) (see paras.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to the letter dated 30 April 2003 from the Secretary-General of the International Court of Justice on Honduras, which was submitted to the President of the International Court of Justice on 30 April 2003 as a document of the Organization of American States (OAS) to assist the Organization of Non-Governmental Organizations (OAS) to assist the Secretary-General to the Security Council.
UNHCR assisted the housing of refugees, especially women and women's family family, to provide adequate housing, as a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.un.org//programme/w/www.htm.
UNCTAD should play an important role in promoting the multilateral trading system, and identify the development of trade and development issues in South-South countries, and developing countries to assist developing countries to develop and develop national trade policies in developing countries.
The specific provisions of these provisions should be given to the complexity and details of the request in each specific circumstances, which may not be able to meet the time that it may not be able to meet the schedule.
The largest trade partners of American Samoa is the United States, and the New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Morocco, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Morocco, Qatar, Qatar, Tunisia, Qatar, Morocco, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.4/588/Rev.1
The security wall has a serious human rights issue.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to be built, while existing settlements continue to grow.
Report of the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003 (CTC) submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Eduardo R. G. G. (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to note that my delegation would like to agree on the adoption of the draft resolution on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance in the United Nations, as well as the draft resolution on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance, which does not mean that the concept of the draft resolution, as well as the concept of the concept of human rights, was not considered in the framework of the work of the Organization, as well as the principles of the draft resolution, as well as the concept of such concepts, as well as the principles of the principles of the United Nations in the framework of the Charter of the United Nations.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraph 3 to 8 contains comments on the implementation of the completion strategy of the Tribunal.
Table 6 (a) of the report provides a increase of income for income in the amount of 1.2 per cent.
However, they should not forget the main objectives of the verification of the verification.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know that the Treaty of the Nuclear Missile Treaty is the cornerstone of the Treaty.
The terrorist acts of terrorist acts or individuals, as well as those of the other groups, have the right to exercise legitimate self-defence, and a unilateral act of the legitimate right to self-defence, as well as the possibility of a global war of innocent civilians.
It is not possible to define the most important problems that is the most important issue of this law.
In the recent national elections, the Government launched a campaign campaign to encourage voters to participate in women.
In Ghana, a relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Goals (PRSP) is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goals.
Since the country has participated in the chemical-based programme of drug abuse, it was also important to develop the United Nations International Drug Control Programme in the context of new legislation on new legislation.
In this context, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to establish a single-service health insurance scheme.
The meeting heard a overview of the annual report on the evaluation of the country assessment and the report on the implementation of the report, as well as the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, and the challenges faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that some research projects were carried out in a number of research, biotechnology and medicine.
Rule 12
This region has been involved in the region's activities on enforcement of law enforcement.
The objective should be to be based on the activities of the exploration exploration activities, as well as the creation of a management mechanism in the context of resources and its environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The preliminary report on the follow-up to the follow-up to children, since May 2002, has made progress in the implementation of a total and regional situation; and we look forward to further progress on the actions taken in the four main pillars of the four main objectives; and calls on further efforts to achieve the development of a world fit for children”.
They also made a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations and the regional organizations of the region, urged them to provide opportunities for children and young people.
Noting that the international community is increasingly aware of all and combating all forms of human rights and fundamental freedoms in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as the negative impact of the rule of law and fundamental freedoms,
Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee on International Migration
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and resolution 577 of 19 November 2002, the General Assembly condemns the unequivocal condemnation of terrorist acts of terrorism, as well as the unequivocal condemnation of terrorist acts of terrorism, and recalling the condemnation of terrorist acts against terrorism, and recalling its condemnation of the terrorist attacks against terrorism, and recalling its condemnation of the terrorist attacks on the prevention and suppression of terrorism, and recalling its condemnation of the attacks on the prevention and suppression of terrorism,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict peace is a key element of the United Nations and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision of the Secretary-General has been decided to be allocated to the Fifth Committee to the Fifth Committee, as proposed by the Secretary-General.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity deals with sustainable capacity-building.
The new biotechnology could also complement existing technologies to improve the effectiveness of these techniques.
The financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will therefore be addressed in the next few months.
It is possible that all nuclear-weapon States are soon possible to achieve the efforts of all nuclear weapons to complete their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the social community requires all refugees, groups, groups and community organizations, to participate in the planning and decision-making of all regions.
It will examine the issue of resettlement and resettlement in the context of the framework of the draft convention and the programme of work within the framework of the Convention and to facilitate the work of the work of the Working Group in the context of a special agreement.
However, it does not apply to a reasonable reason that a threat to security is a threat to a threat to a threat to a security threat or to a serious serious criminal tribunal.
Encourages parents and the legal guardians to ensure that the education of children is to ensure the education of children;
In many parts of the world, the former Yugoslav Soviet Union, the former Yugoslav Republic of Yugoslavia and Asia, Central Africa and South-West Asia have resulted in several ethnic and religious violence in the north of South America.
S-19/2, Further implementation of Agenda 21
Nepal's health services is based on integrated health and medical treatment systems.
In addition, the health sector has also been new action.
For example, at the level of policy, the high number of female women staff were only less than 2.4.2 per cent).
The number of schools and students have been steadily steadily steadily (table 5).
At the secondary level, the enrolment of girls in the age of the age of 13 to 13 per cent of female girls declined from 26 per cent in the age of 25 per cent, compared with more than two thirds of the age group.
HRW, Gender Programme Programme, Children and Social Welfare: Gender Management, Public Administration of Public Administration and Public Administration of the Economic Services of the Territories
Regrettably, the Israeli representative of Israel, after the past decade, has not been aware of the legitimacy of the occupation of occupation and the international legitimacy of the international legitimacy, and the Israeli Government remains not aware of the fact that peace will depend on the Security Council resolutions on the same general issues of the Security Council, as well as all resolutions of the Security Council, as well as the international law of Israel.
We are not able to adjust our policy on the threat.
The United Nations is the full support for Iraq's stability, democracy and reconstruction, and I also commend the United Nations staff in the work of the United Nations staff.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity to seize this opportunity, rather than the use of a large or trans-door campaign, rather than a large military force, as well as a large military regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all Member States to provide contributions to the Voluntary Trust Fund to the Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the fact that the Secretary-General's report (A/57/184) was very important, and that the report had made a clear reminder of the measures that have been taken by States, but that these measures are not sufficient to reduce the negative impact of the epidemic, which is not sufficient to reduce new cases.
A progress report on the report of the Committee on Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11 and the report of the Inter-Agency Task Task Force on Trade and Development (E/CN.3/2004/11);
In accordance with rule 93 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft agenda and the list of documents for the forty-third session of the forty-third session.
This initiative is a model for the world in other countries, which should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/300)
In his written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi noted that the illegal war in the country had been a serious socio-economic situation in the country since 1993 and that Burundi was unable to pay the arrears of the United Nations.
In his written and oral statement, the Central African Republic indicated that its serious economic and social problems are due to the issue of security issues in the former Yugoslavia.
The meeting was called to order at 3 p.m.
Therefore, the United States intends to work actively with the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution would not be required.
A innovative approach to the mobilization of resources in science and investment (including the use of donors and other sources of other sources of funds, triangular arrangements)
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(e) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.11]:
(a) Develop national legislation, policies and action plans and to strengthen and strengthen national agencies of the child, including the appointment of the appointment of the Special Rapporteur and responsible of the Government of the Child;
A/58/582, annex.
It was said that a more more clear issue of e-commerce could be avoided and not a important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group noted that the draft draft guideline and agreed should be considered in the next phase.
As a whole, the private sector and the private sector, in the development of NEPAD, is the need for the New Partnership for Africa's Development in many countries, and these countries have to deepen their commitment to the vision and practices of NEPAD.
Angola has continued to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as research projects, to enhance the ability of African countries to respond to the challenges facing the NEPAD Africa.
As part of better management and strengthening monitoring and monitoring systems, CPC has developed the evaluation of the programme performance assessment to ensure that the Organization will ensure the right direction and strengthen the role of Member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress in this regard, which is not a result of the peaceful settlement and withdrawal of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone Police
The purpose of the plan is to be followed by a number of occasions, carefully and comprehensive and comprehensive.
This will enable the return to create a predictable, unrestricted economic environment, which restrictions on the negative negative effects of investors.
Turks and Caicos Islands, New York, 13-13 January 2001.
Support was expressed for this provision.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the Government of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the Government of Côte d'Ivoire to thank the Secretary-General for the work of the United Nations, in order to restore peace in the world, to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire in order to restore the peace of the people and the Organization.
We join the United Nations Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism and the Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism.
The Kosovo Council adopted a law on 13 March.
(g) Transparency of non-compliance with non-compliance - 403
Noting that progress has been made in spite of progress in the implementation of the plan,
Welcoming the adoption of General Assembly resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda on Dialogue among Civilizations and invites States, the United Nations system and other international organizations, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the implementation of the mandate of his mandate and to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a interim report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to submit the full report of Governments in the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to consult with the relevant authorities of the United Nations, in cooperation with the relevant authorities, to provide a informal consultations to all Member States, intergovernmental organizations and intergovernmental organizations, in order to complete a informal consultations on the right to compensation and guidelines for the right to compensation, as well as to the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Chairperson-Rapporteur on the basis of the principles and principles of the right to compensation, as well as to the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Chairperson of the Chairperson of the Chairperson of the Chairperson, as well as the adoption of the guidelines on the principles and guidelines of the International Criminal Covenants on Human Rights and the International Criminal Court for Justice, as well as in the context of the adoption of the guidelines, as well as the guidelines of the independent expert;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by the world in a democratic society in a democratic society, which is more able to achieve the social, economic and cultural rights of civil women, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with appreciation of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the situation of human rights and the population of mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/8);
Welcomes the High Commissioner's commitment to paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76 of the Commission, in which the Commission decided to use the United Nations Development Programme at its sixty-first session, in which the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme in the context of the work of the United Nations Development Programme in the context of the work of the Committee at the sixty-first session of the Commission, in order to enhance the practical methods and activities of the human rights of human rights, and in accordance with paragraph 4 of resolution 2001/76,
Reaffirms that, as stated in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, peace, security, stability and respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development and respect for human rights, including development, is important for achieving sustainable development and sustainable development;
Decides to continue consideration of this matter at its fifty-first session under the same agenda item.
The people of Somalia in the north of Somalia remains difficult to achieve stability and stability in the region, and to make satisfaction with the basic services.
2003.12 Prevention of violations of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons and abuse
Legislative authority: Commission on its forty-second session 2002 and 2003 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003/22 2003 2003 2003 2003 2003 2003 2003 2003 and 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the report of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission.
Report of the death penalty (resolution 2003/63)
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/643)
Methods of work of the Committee (decision 2003/101)
We are committed to efforts to minimize the current marginalization of the current marginalization and the global economy in the global economy.
The cost of emergency medical costs in the context of the current approach would be retained.
Bearing in mind mind the Declaration adopted by the World Food Programme, held in Rome on 10 to 13 June 2002,
Consequently, the Committee expects a substantial savings in this period.
Nevertheless, this is a great opportunity for the international community to establish the sustainability of sustainability in the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as the development of the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey, in cooperation with the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise in the implementation of its existing resources, as well as the financial support and expertise of the regional seas;
It is also recognized that programmes aimed at the regional and subregional levels, as well as greater transparency and predictability for funding and technical support for funding,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing the importance of the World Conference on Human Rights to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries, in order to achieve the efforts of those Governments to achieve the economic, social and cultural rights of those States,
Recognizes also that the promotion and promotion of the right to life and the promotion of cultural diversity in the context of globalization is key elements of the cultural diversity of cultural diversity;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a annual report on the implementation of the mandate of the Committee and to submit a report to the General Assembly at its next annual report;
Interpretation: The Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs, ECA, Africa, Economic Commission for Europe; ECE, Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ECLAC, Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; United Nations Office on Drugs and Development; United Nations Office on Drugs and Development; United Nations Office on Drugs and Development; United Nations Office for Drugs and Development; United Nations Office for Drugs and Crime; United Nations Human Settlements Programme: United Nations Human Settlements Programme;
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of article 6 of the Final Document was a important confidence-building measure in the overall implementation of the Treaty's NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the entire international community is the responsibility of the international community, while the UNRWA should continue to continue to continue to provide services until the situation.
- “5.5.5” - “5.55”
The first anniversary of the International Year of War, held on 26 to 28 March 2003, was acquitted, and the maintenance of the accused of the accused of the accused, in addition to the trial of the accused of a injured accused, would be extended to the six six months.
The provisions of the labour legislation is protected by the law.
Requests the Secretary-General to invite the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to the secretariat of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties and to the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft resolutions and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continues to increase the United Nations field offices and OHCHR offices in the field of human rights and to use the participation of the field offices in the field of the ground and to improve the issue of information in the field of the ground.
During the reporting period, the Working Group was unable to hear a briefing on outstanding cases of outstanding cases in its working methods.
According to the allegations, cases of disappearance have a wide range of powers, particularly in the case of the defence of the Security Council, in particular the Act on the Prevention and Employment Act and the Act of the Public Act Act and the public Act of the Public Law Act, and the general security of other others.
The Executive Board will now discuss this matter in the near future to address the best development of the issues raised by you.
On the basis of the following assumptions, the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: all members and associate members are used to implement the implementation of the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, including the implementation of the objectives of the Millennium Declaration, to monitor the goals contained in the Millennium Declaration, including the goals contained in the Millennium Declaration; and its activities for its activities.
(vi) Review of high-level intergovernmental meetings on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the global intergovernmental meetings of the region;
The legal law, marriage and funding, is also the same.
Human rights and population
Reaffirming that all States have a obligation to protect and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, freedom of liberty and security, and reaffirmed their commitment to the rights of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in particular the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the International Charter of Europe in November 2000, and the Protocol of the European Social Charter and 1995, and in December 2000, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination ratified the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
The Committee notes with concern that, in the context of the structural reform of the agricultural sector, it is particularly serious to combat the problem in this regard.
The promotion of the rights of teachers in the International Labour Standards, which will not be able to achieve the goal of a genuine partnership between Governments and the promotion of the education goals.
Any action taken under the jurisdiction of the State party should not be allowed to make the ability of another State to achieve the right to water in the territory.
In line with this objective, the Committee has adopted general comment No. 12 of the right to adequate food right to the right to food, and that the views should be set out as a framework for the establishment of a new code of conduct for the human rights of the human rights of human rights.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development, including women's education, food, food, health, environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty.
The work of the United Nations Decade in the United Nations Decade has completed the human rights of the Human Rights Declaration to commemorate the anniversary of the Human Rights Declaration.
(d) Organizing the International Training Division of New York, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal for the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To observe impunity against impunity, to ensure that the perpetrators of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Lananan (Armenia) said that children are core for the development of the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, specialized agencies and specialized agencies, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, in particular developing countries and the least developed countries, in particular to prevent the spread of the pandemic and to prevent the impact of the epidemic and to reduce the negative impact of HIV/AIDS, and to provide care for persons with disabilities;
(b) Cooperation and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental cooperation and non-governmental cooperation, as well as relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations, and requests to assist the implementation of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly on the implementation of the twentieth special session;
Cuba's lack of progress in the implementation of the provisions of the provisions of this article has been expressed, and Cuba believed that the nuclear-weapon-free nuclear-weapon States was the responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
42th, G.a. G. G. G. G. G. W. W. W.A. World Trade Bank, the World Bank, p. 23-204.
In favour:
As part of the European Union, the United Kingdom has voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1 entitled “Establishment of the peaceful settlement of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, in Santiago, in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the International Space and Space Chamber held in Santiago will be held in Santiago and the Office for Outer Space Affairs in Latin America and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The seminar discussed the role of national focal focal points, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national legislation and legislative procedures, the export of export systems and the control of export systems and the civil society.
Article 29 of the Constitution of Guatemala reads as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received from the information received that the human rights violations of human rights violations, crimes against humanity, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely recognized.
In the light of the definition of the above definition, the number of women who had been employed in the year 2001 were women, which were women, and almost 32 per cent were women.
Source: BBB, July 2000.
This indicator is taking into account the tax tax factor, which has been paid to the percentage of wages in the amount of the cost of wages.
It is also destroyed that more than 236 hectares were destroyed.
In the context of both and marginalized women, including young and four years, the regional activities and activities of the four years will focus on the establishment of a network network, exchange of information, sharing sharing sharing, sharing sharing sharing, sharing and understanding of the human rights of women in the context of the promotion and implementation of the human rights of women in the context of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Development.
As a result, they can only permit domestic law in order to continue its interests and remedies.
“It is difficult to say that a State's property in the territory of their territory is free and free.
Ibid., p. 455, para.
See also the case of personal members of the Barcelona Traction company in Barcelona, Judgment of the case of personal members, ICJ, vol. I, p. 590.
In accordance with this article, the State party shall continue to expedite the application of extradition procedures in accordance with domestic law and to expedite the need to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify the requirements of relevant evidence.
The conclusion and implementation of agreements or arrangements should be fully adhered to the principle of principle of sovereign sovereignty, which should strictly comply with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See the Monitoring Initiative of Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Ad Hoc Working Group during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee was not to be included in the definition of the “International Civil Society” as a result of a clear explanation of interpretation in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the possibility of the use of mandatory wording.
It is also envisaged that the concept of the concept in the final form was also discussed.
During the second reading of the second draft articles of the Ad Hoc Committee, there was no views on this article.
At the same time, there is still a need to retain the full national space space to achieve development goals.
The Working Group of Experts on International Accounting and Reporting, submitted by the Working Group on International Accounting and Reporting, submitted the report of the Group of Experts.
Report of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Development (BD/B/D/01)
Issues relating to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to the decrease of limited staff, and there was no training for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to address administrative and technical issues in the Mission's travel requirements, as well as the number of technical meetings for the period in 2004.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, the Committee has not requested that the Committee had not taken a request to expel the expulsion of Sweden in violation of article 3 or any other provisions of article 3 of the Convention, which had not been taken to decide whether he did not take a decision to the Government of Egypt.
(b) The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Uganda and the other armed groups of the six armed groups, held in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of the Interim Interim Interim Force in Ituri;
(e) The risk of knowledge management and human resources in the selection of new pricing systems.
Thus, in many countries, the illegal trade of diamonds in the region of the countries of the Islamic Republic of Venezuela has to undermine the impact and delays of armed conflicts in the region, and to undermine the efforts of States to achieve peace and security, and my country is committed to achieving peace and security.
The Bureau of the Executive Board of the International Development Agency for the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law.
The Ministry of Education and Electoral Affairs of the National National Rights and Electoral Policy.
• Act No.
The purpose of the Government is to maintain and develop the land and water resources to improve agricultural productivity.
In the last two years, declared on anti-corruption campaigns.
“Programme targets for the biennium 2004-2005: the need to meet the needs of all personnel to meet the needs of all personnel and the deployment and deployment of personnel
In accordance with multilateral treaties, the European Agreement on Mutual Cooperation (resolutions 565 and the European Convention on Mutual Matters” was signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions may be found in a certain approach to the language of language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the views of the representatives of civil society, will have to be able to achieve progress on progress, obstacles and challenges on the implementation of the sanctions, and on the implementation of the Bonn Agreement on Financial Financial sanctions, and the process of the Bonn Agreement on the Suppression of the Anti-Ballistic Weapons and the ban on the ban.
In the light of the tenth anniversary of the Declaration and Programme of Action of the United Nations, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some areas.
Mr. K.H. (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): In the past five years, the General Assembly is still in isolation in the occupied five years, and that the General Assembly had adopted the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In the context of the broader context, paragraphs 15 to 15 of the Durban Programme of Action did not include some of the experience and their impact of racism and their own effects of racism, as well as the development of their own development, and that the community's efforts to develop their own development, as well as the international community's efforts to facilitate their own development, and that the international community has not been able to explore their own development, as well as the international community's presence in the past of the history of the past.
(Signed) Mohammed A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-eighth and thirty-eighth sessions, respectively.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Republic of Iran informed the release of the complainant, Mr. Muahahah, on 4 September 2003.
It is also established that the Human Rights Council is responsible for the full violations of human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment of the African Union of the African Union, who is the Special Envoy of the Great Lakes region.
Therefore, the international community actively supports the preparatory and preparatory process of the international community.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women in all peace and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
The Special Representative stressed the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, while UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations, and also outlined that UNHCR should continue to cooperate with cooperation with non-governmental organizations and to continue its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Kouchner wrote to Mr. Klein, proposed a direct meeting.
In addition, Mr. Klein, after the beginning of Mr. Klein, it would be able to make a proposal to ensure that the Treaty should remain valid and in the absence of appropriate details of the Treaty, and also in the light of a new pattern of reference to the Federal Republic of Cyprus, which would also apply to the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, and the constitutional integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on the impact of globalization and hoped that the issue of assistance in developing countries would be considered, and hoped that Canada would like to study in this area.
Convention on the Suppression of Nuclear Terrorism (S.I.
Annex
(c) The use of chemical-based plants in the area of the use of chemical-based plants, in addition to the use of the use of the chemical, at least 20 per cent of the phase of the project, which should be carried out in section 3, paragraph 3, of the Manual;
Effective effective capacity-building mechanisms must be part of a flexible programme approach, which could be linked to all of all measures aimed at achieving the objectives of the overall objectives of the overall goals.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the serious escalation of Israeli actions, which could lead to the situation in the region, which could lead to the peace process.
The Ambassador of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland requested further clarification.
Following the debate on the debate held in March 2000 and April 2002, a formal decision of the Republic of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, and the Constitution of Georgia, was amended.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reiterated its support to the efforts of the efforts to self-determination of the Saharan people in accordance with paragraphs 6, 58 and 6 of the resolution.
The draft resolution was presented by the representative of Sri Lanka at its 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to provide a positive response to the Special Rapporteur to respond to their own countries, to enable him to respond to a more effective discharge of their responsibilities in this regard, and welcomes the efforts of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
The resident coordinator system is the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, and a steady implementation of the programme cycle, and simplification and coordination of the programme of work, in many United Nations auspices, in many parts of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) to achieve the development of the development goals.
Voluntary contributions have been made in the context of the specific operational tasks, tasks and tasks of each organization.
• Percentage of primary government expenditure in category of category and source of primary government expenditure
In addition, a wide range of opportunities to be promoted in the context of a wide range of public and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, as well as in Indonesia, are being published in the context of a broader audience.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They have shown that the actions of the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters can help to alleviate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan hoped that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office for Training and Coordination should further improve ways, such as the preparation of the Consolidated Appeals Process, to deal effectively with the crisis.
The measures taken to protect the population in the area of life is to be taken in the area of life and that there is a lack of uncertainty in the absence of uncertainty.
(c) The Economic and Social Council for such requests.
However, in the country's social situation, there was a pressure on the long days, which was suspended.
They are the victims of the United Nations Security Forces and armed rebel groups to have a large number of violence against violence.
This is a new phenomenon, which has been seen by the need for the judicial system, and that the perpetrators of the justice system will be brought to fear.
(a) The preparation of a analysis of the selection of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of the physical, chemical and biologicalological practices, as well as in their own country;
The Chairman of the United Nations Office on Information Affairs of the United Nations Office on Human Rights (UNODC) was established by the Director-General of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as well as to the United Nations Headquarters at Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund during the United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to increase the provision of scholarships for such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA was held with a number of young young youth groups, and they were able to join young partners and to make a global global campaign initiative, and a global youth initiative to prevent HIV infection.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended the Government of Denmark to develop the proposed guidance of financial resources to guide the draft proposal (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15.
At its 3th plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group took note of this item.
It was reminded that the Working Group had considered a technical matter that the Working Group would be considered at the current session, but no final decision would be made.
At its 7th meeting, the Secretary-General announced that the Secretary-General had informed the attention of the Secretary-General to participate in English, French and Spanish, as well as the text of the United Nations Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, as well as the text of the final text of the embargo.
Further information is also available to the Web site: http://www.g.org.org, “in-in””).
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that a clear and good management should be taken to the following criteria:
The representative of the representative of Costa Rica expressed their appreciation for the training of training courses.
(Agenda item 1)
A document on sub-item (c) of sub-item (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the Conference.
A briefing on the protection and protection of human rights was summarized by experts.
This model is also recognized by the other ministries of the Secretariat, the Office of the United Nations system and the United Nations system system, and the Department of Public Information is closely closely with the Department of Public Information, the Department of Public Information, with the Department of Public Information and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations publication
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No.
The seminar held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 discussed money-laundering money-laundering in the area of money-laundering and the United Nations Development Fund in West Africa.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, on the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, as well as other resolutions and resolutions of the United Nations, in particular the relevant resolutions and resolutions of the United Nations, particularly on 10 December 2001,
Considers that efforts must be made to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, and also special attention to the right to self-determination of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Eaa (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had been used by the Special Rapporteur on the first topic of the first topic, and she asked whether there was a number of main gender equality in the first time, she asked whether the Special Rapporteur was not only entitled by the Special Rapporteur, as well as the Special Rapporteur.
Therefore, if a member of the Member States will be provided to the language in the language or other other languages, the delegation would be able to take the relevant costs.
WFP provided the basic language of the basic languages, and UNFPA, and UNFPA provides that the English is required to be required for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information and Information Services and Services (ICT) centres and the field field offices are the original version of the new languages of the field offices.
Arabic: Arabic; Chinese: Chinese; English: French: French: France;: India; India; India; Germany; Germany;
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, section IV, paragraph 6
c Includes the salaries of the United Nations conference-servicing support, travel and daily subsistence allowance and equipment and telecommunications.
(b) Approves the proposed strategic framework for the biennium 2006-2007 (see document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7/Add.2), including the programme of regular resources funded by the Executive Board to the Executive Board in the preparation of the annual programme programme of $151 million.
The Office of the United Nations, in addition to extrabudgetary resources, will be financed by extrabudgetary resources to support the field of technical cooperation in cooperation with regional cooperation offices, with a view to promoting its normative responsibilities.
The Committee further recommends that the measures to strengthen effective measures to coordinate and promote family and professional responsibilities and to promote family responsibilities.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of inequality and women's access to labour market, limited to the work of the agricultural sector and the informal sector, and their income and wages.
She indicated that a number of major actions for the fight against the epidemic include a number of major actions, including the publication and enactment of the HIV/AIDS and AIDS Act, to develop the HIV/AIDS and HIV/AIDS programme, which would provide the burden of HIV/AIDS.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee commends the Government of the Republic of the Federal Republic to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women in order to promote equal equality of equal equality, including the revised revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, and also expresses serious concern to the gender discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify progress on sexual violence and violence.
The Committee invites the State party to ensure that violence with women enforcement law enforcement officials, public justice and public and public and public training.
The Committee expresses concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to ensure the collection and analysis of data and analysis of data and to include such data in the next report.
It was recognized that family responsibility are a integral part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
Act No. 17/199 Coll of the Act on arms and military materiel of arms and military materiel are amended as amended.
These general principles are contained in annex I, “The general recommendation of the General Assembly”, which is part of the present report, as part of the present report.
With respect to paragraphs 27 to 27 and 292, 292 invoices, the invoices provided invoices and the shipment, but no copy of the certification certificate had not been provided.
The amount of USD 285 per cent of the value of equipment and equipment for equipment and equipment are calculated in the amount of the value of the value of the contract.
(b) Project project project project for the SLC's Office (No. 5000 (“No”).
The claim refers to the costs of the Iraqi and their families, including travel and communications, including travel and communications.
Accordingly, the Panel has considered the Panel's claim on loss of loss of loss of loss and loss of loss of loss, loss of tangible property, loss of loss, other losses, other losses and interest.
If the claim has failed to do so to do so, the claim in which the claim has not been made to the claim, the claimant is concerned to the claimant and requests to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (para.
As a result, it is ready to ensure that the certification of the documents is a secured arrangement for the issuance of the right.
Cambodia is best willing to ensure that poverty alleviation remains the primary priority of priority.
Mr. Pjj (Thailand) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of national development strategies to implement the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session provides valuable guidance for developing countries in developing countries, which provides detailed guidance for improving the development of operational financing financing for development.
(http://http://www.house.int/index/index/index.htm/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or acts of mercenaries should be used in the form of the use of mercenary activities, regardless of those forms of legitimacy, and the right to self-determination of the peoples of the peoples of the peoples of the peoples of the United Nations,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined the sponsors.
Contents
The application of the application of the force is at 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work on the recommendations made by the Commission on Human Rights.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response to those who are committed to these acts is to participate in the work of the Commission and the work of the Committee, rather than the Committee.
We are confident that the Secretary-General's Special Representative would help to do so.
Let us address specific issues in the cluster cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections would not only be a obstacle to the politicalization of the existing politicalization of the use of force.
During the previous, the development of UNIFEM's work in the area in the area of strategic and strategic planning was increased.
The strategic framework set out below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programmes, partnerships, monitoring and reporting guidance.
While the support of the United Kingdom and the UNAMSIL support focus on the Government of Sierra Leone, the Government of Sierra Leone could prevent the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the pressure of the RUF, but that the Government of the Republic of Sierra Leone had been difficult to preserve the integrity of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia has been implemented in Liberia in Liberia in the implementation of the trade ban on small arms in West Africa, and the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia has been implemented in Liberia.
On the basis of the return, he has granted a temporary return to Côte d'Ivoire, who would be able to be able to register the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and institutions should support the implementation of the United Nations standards and norms for crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution has clearly been improved in this area but it is clear to stop all terrorist acts.
Ms.org (Morocco) said that, despite the constitutional rights of the Moroccan Constitution, the right to work in the economic and social levels of the economy was not difficult.
At the end of the life of life, the quality of alpha-HCH is not inaccurate, as a result of the average rate of the year per cent of the year per cent of the year per cent of the year per cent of the rate of life, which would be reduced to the level of life.
All parties must apply to these measures.
The global trend of the geostationary orbit, which is the result of the global trend of the geostationary orbit, will be the result of the entry into force in the geostationary orbit in the region.
Chapter VI
In UNCTAD, in cooperation with the Department, the work of the Department in the field of technical cooperation and capacity-building in UNCTAD's expertise in UNCTAD.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional offices or location, and should be carried out by the United Nations in the establishment or establishment of regional offices or offices, particularly regional offices and resident coordinators.
In the light of the above, the overall cost of the total cost of the United Nations dollar in the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated to provide a total of $838,000 in the United Nations dollar for the biennium 2000-2001.
The result of the outcome of the United Nations system is a growing increase in the number of users.
All sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 4 of the Covenant requires the progress made by States parties to the parties and to the enjoyment of the right to rights and to report on the implementation and difficulties of the implementation of the Convention.
It is regrettable that the delays of delays was very serious.
It is clear to define the national policy in the area of the military commanders, and that the use of excessive use of force should be investigated by a independent body.
c The Committee's thirty-sixth session considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname and the delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations response to the United Nations response to disaster response to the coordination of humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have taken policy policies and the development of the development of a community's development, aimed at ensuring the necessary environmental environment to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has created a network of food, production, water and vegetable enterprises.
With regard to the question mentioned by Agenda Agenda, there is a important commitment to safe water, adequate environmental and sanitation services, as well as in the provision of safe water and sanitation.
We encourage both countries to complete its common borders.
It was particularly concerned about the recent conflicts of Colombia, which affects the conflict of African descent and indigenous communities, and participants called upon the participants to address the issue of special attention to crisis and international organizations.
In order to assist the Working Group to examine policy options, a independent study has been introduced and was introduced by the Working Group at its ninth session (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/CRP.1).
I would also like to extend your predecessor's gratitude to your predecessor, Uganda, Ambassador Yakak Ki-Mali, who appreciated the excellent work of the Special Representative and the excellent guidance for our work.
One important element of the reform reform is to reduce our statements and will be distributed in the final version of the country.
Mr. And (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join you, Sir, who would like to express my delegation's appreciation to the Commission on the First Committee on Disarmament and the International Security Council.
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare a analytical report on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the next session of the Working Group, which provides a analytical report on the existing international and international standards and instruments of the existing international international and international standards, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to assist the Working Group to provide additional international standards to facilitate the implementation of existing international standards;
Each State Party should take into account the principle of national legal systems in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national legal system, taking into account the appropriate level of procedure, to establish a procedure for the proceedings of the Court or any appropriate means, in accordance with its domestic law, as well as any other appropriate means to determine the status of persons under the Convention, as well as any appropriate means for the following posts:
If such agreements or arrangements may be agreed, a number of joint investigations should be agreed.
The position of the nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons has changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to take a intersessional consultations on the first report of the Global Climate Observing System on the Global Climate Observing System on the Global Climate Observing System, at its twelfth session, on the basis of its eighth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the recommendations adopted by the World Conference on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance adopted by the World Conference on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, the right to promote the promotion and protection of the rights and the people of the people remains a cornerstone.
It requires the parties and the international community to help to help it.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework on anti-personnel mines, it is important that the instrument of unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to the efforts for post-conflict situations.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not been implemented by the military forces, as well as to mine action.
We will continue to support the international instruments of the Convention on Prohibitions and Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Weapons, in order to support the United Nations legally binding international instruments that have not yet been used by anti-personnel mines.
unexploded ordnance is a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.47/Rev.1, entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects” (A/C.3/63/L.47/Rev.1 and the draft resolution on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's national policy on small arms and the following-level approach was identified to address the importance of the regional approach to the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we also have a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in the development of human resources development through national policies and priorities,
The partnership between the various major national groups, which has been signed by the major national partners, supported the cooperation between non-governmental organizations, the participation of non-governmental organizations, the participation of the national organizations, as well as the establishment of a national network of national organizations, such as the Government of Burkina Faso, the Philippines, the Philippines and Senegal, with a view to the establishment of a regional committee for the Latin Faso and the Caribbean.
Subsequently, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the resolution, was established by the Bureau of the Council in accordance with paragraph 7 of the above resolution, which was established by the Permanent Representative of the Standing Committee on the basis of force.
We will lose our our our and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa will be more balanced.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (Ethiopia)
The negative security situation is the nuclear-weapon States to use the use or use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts cannot be functioning, most the most basic facilities are damaged or looted.
There will also be training in the field of integrated governance.
I would like to commend all those who have made valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The registration of a single residence of a permanent residence of the elections is the right of the Government of the Government of the local Government in the form of the registration of a residence of a residence in the territory.
Similarly, women are working for special education courses and discrimination, which are subject to sexual and mental development, in particular special education curricula, and special needs for social and social development, as well as the educational education of the special community.
The current social security system is based on the fact that social workers are not a prerequisite for social security.
According to the “Social security” in the past 12 months, there is a total of the Republic of Latvia in the past 12 months, but a total of 60 months of the total age of the General Assembly, the total of the former person, non-citizens, citizenship and stateless persons, is entitled by the right of the State to the social insurance of persons with disabilities.
At the same time, Latvia's share of the families of the child of 1 January 1999 is to: the first sentence of the first marriage of 25 years in Latvia, the second year of Latvia, in Latvia, or more than 20 per cent, and more than 20 per cent, and more than 20 per cent, in the case of 20 per cent.
Disarmament continues to be critical for the peace process in the Bougainville Peace Peace Agreement.
Japan has also supported the United Nations-finding mission on this item.
The general conditions applicable to the general law is the legitimate nature of the law of the treaty, which is generally applicable to the law, particularly with regard to the State.
In particular, the question is whether the State may consider unilateral modification, suspension or withdrawal.
Parties referred to the relevant gaps and difficulties related to the implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation mitigation mitigation measures.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve its mandates in their respective mandates, in particular to improve the procurement measures of the United Nations system in the United Nations system, as well as to include the use of the Internet registered by the United Nations system, inter alia, the Internet and the use of procurement information;
I will now turn to this issue.
My delegation therefore wishes to call again to call for the best use of the best use of their positive impact.
The process of democratic transition in the Great Lakes region in the Great Lakes region has also been achieved, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be completed.
However, there is no doubt that the new Great Lakes of the Great Lakes region will be used to assist the international community in Uganda and Tanzania, and their interests are closely linked to the interests of the Great Lakes region.
We note that progress has been made to address the issue of the draft resolution on the issue of this issue.
In the area of health and sustainable development, the Plan called for developing countries to assist developing countries to provide affordable energy, especially in particular to reduce the use of new energy sources, as a result of the use of new fuel and the health of children and children.
The Government and other stakeholders ensure the promotion of local and administrative processes to improve rural women's access to resources, including land, the heritage, the heritage and benefits of financial services and benefits.
Several Member States have received information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council is the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms the international cooperation and international cooperation to combat terrorism in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and other international conventions;
In the auspices of Germany, this debate will be further fruitful in the Bonn process in Bonn, focusing on the implementation and implementation of the arms embargo and the implementation and implementation of sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS will count on this visit to meet the right of all States to fulfil their obligations, and thus to fully implement the decision-making arrangements, and to take careful careful attention.
Mr. Zhang (Australia): We thank you, Mr. President, for convening this issue in this regard, as well as a open public meeting on behalf of my colleagues, as well as in the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations will be able to provide assistance to those efforts.
The devastating consequences of the population of the last year in Côte d'Ivoire has been the result of the devastating consequences of the proliferation of the population, and the destruction of social damage to the Solomon Islands in New Guinea.
New Zealand's support support for the transition of the transition group is to provide assistance to the Bougainville people to the Bougainville people, which was provided to the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“in!
The United Nations has played a role in the international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have developed a number of informal and distance education programmes.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address the issue of the workload of the workload of the workload, as well as to ensure the quality of translation in all official languages of all official languages of the official languages of the General Assembly;
He responded to several specific issues, which was working to address the issue of human displaced persons in the work of the service negotiations and the ratification of the procedure.
Procedural, institutional, administrative and related matters
Israel has repeatedly called upon the United Nations and the international community to cease its cessation of violations and aggression against the acts of aggression and acts of aggression, and to ignore the risk and consequences of such actions and the consequences and consequences of such actions, in many cases, in many cases, and the destruction of weapons.
Palau
His Excellency
In this regard, the rules of international trade regimes should take into account its negative impact on the policy on poverty and land degradation.
The Mission has been deployed to develop new development assistance in the United Nations country teams and to strengthen the monitoring and reporting of the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals in the implementation of the implementation of the peace Agreement.
The Group of Terrorism has been closely linked to transnational networks, with the authorities of Algeria to redouble its efforts to implement strict controls in order to combat trafficking and criminal operations.
In accordance with relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), resolution 1373 (2001), resolution 1373 (2001), and 1390 (2002), the other groups of the Group of Myanmar should be included in the list of activities and other groups of Al-Qaida.
It is also pleased that, in this regard, some recommendations have been made, in particular the implementation of the mechanism for aid assistance and the implementation of the mechanism for the implementation of the mechanism, which has been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The regional meetings of tourism tourism in March 2001 and April 2002, at the subregional meeting, the exchange of experiences, consideration of issues, regional and international cooperation, and the challenges for future challenges.
Nearly 200,000 people participated in this meeting, the main objectives of the Conference to promote the role of the marine tourism in the area of industrial tourism, particularly those who have not yet been able to facilitate experiences and views in the regional preparatory meetings.
I, sect.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
A statement on the issues and cross-cutting aspects of different sub-items may be reflected in the sub-items.
The Office of Somalia has implemented a effective and strategic mobilization of resources, which is based on the basis for more stable conditions.
As a result of the strategic resource fund for the future-to-term deployment of the new missions, this area has been achieved in this area.
The following information:
The general principle is that the legal law should be subject to the issue of insolvency proceedings, and that the draft Guide should contain information on issues relating to these issues, to provide assistance and guidance to the State and other users.
Reassification
However, his delegation believed that the text of reservations and reservations to the text should be addressed in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments made by the Secretary-General, in accordance with the strategy made by delegations.
Contributions should be encouraged to Member States.
Yemen
Belize
At the opening of the presidency of the Commission, the President expressed the intention of the State to cooperate and thank his predecessor and the members of his Special Representative, Mr. Al.R. and Mr. Al.R.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider the performance of those Parties and reduce emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance of the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it has stressed that the role of the Economic and Social Council in the framework of the system and follow-up to the outcomes of the Economic and Social Council and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events are effectively committed to the eradication of poverty, to promote development and ensure the promotion of peace, security and security.
“Reaffirming the report of the United Nations New Partnership for New Development in the New Partnership for Africa and the General Assembly on 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Least Developed Countries in the 1990s and the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development in the 1990s,
“8. Expresses its appreciation to the efforts of the United Nations system on the activities of the United Nations system in the area of the activities of the United Nations system, in order to strengthen the activities of the United Nations system, in this regard, in order to strengthen the coordination of the United Nations system in partnership with the United Nations system;
As a result of this amount, the amount of this amount is to be achieved only in the present table, the exchange rate of exchange rates in the region (United Nations publication of the United Nations publication of the United Nations (United Nations publication) (United Nations publication) in the 1990 months.
Facts and contentions
In particular, it is estimated that the amount of loss of the total contract in six contracts amounted to USD 7,065,6,6,6,6,6,7,7,7,5,75,5,75,74,74,464.
In addition, the Panel finds that the Panel's claim on the loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of the claimant (Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait) has been calculated by the Panel.
In addition, it was also requested to provide the cost of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the third party or the payment of the payment of the payment of the third party.
(6) In paragraph 2 of the present draft articles, there was no number of issues that have been made in the draft articles on internationally wrongful acts of responsibility for internationally wrongful acts.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model, and taking into account the work of the Special Rapporteur on the topic, the Special Rapporteur may wish to consider the following matters:
(c) The environment and the environment of the environment, as well as profits and tourism losses (see para. 17 above) (c) and (c) (para.
The report will therefore focus on results and results, to avoid the attitude taken by those negotiations or in the negotiation of the negotiation process or to the subsequent conclusions.
It was pointed out that the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the effectiveness should depend on specific recognition.
Methods of work
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the real intentions of the objecting State, rather than a position of the State's legal regime in accordance with the provisions of the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the treaty or other agreements, the withdrawal of a reservation to the State or the organization of a Contracting State has been able to enter into force or/or a State party to the date of the notice of the notification.
In paragraph 50 of its report, the Working Group noted that the Commission should not consider the role of the international judicial system to the establishment and relationship of international justice.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this theory, see p. H.I.I, Treaty, Treaty Series, Paris Press Press Press Press, vol. 29, p. 288, A.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.
The Committee considered the sixth report of the Sixth Committee at its thirty-eighth session, including 7 to 11 July 2003, 277, 277, 27 and 274.
A number of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension and lifting of the problem, namely the possibility of a unilateral act, suspension or unilateral acts of unilateral acts.
Some of them have been detained in 18 years in the world, in the world's pre-war prisoners.
However, some relevant officials appear to be able to resume these services and explore the possibility of the possibility of a joint service of the training and health insurance (para.
The United Nations has a broad experience in the field and management of premises and conference services, which could be available to the United Nations Secretariat in Vienna.
A/C.5/38/Add.8 was adopted.
However, the United Nations can become more creative and more effective in conflict prevention and the promotion of sustainable peace in conflict prevention and the promotion of sustainable peace.
Welcoming the representatives of Pitcairn of Pitcairn to participate in the Caribbean Regional Seminar in Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003 and noted that it was concerned about the alleged cases of the Court in the custody of the Court,
To that end, no United Nations decisions under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this case, the Pama Act is designed to provide the conditions of soil in the region.
Please provide the list of assets frozen pursuant to the resolution.
Since 1997, the NWS, which has been able to be able to make a significant range of land and marine plants in the global context, thus a key element of a key element of the Earth's environment, which is a key element of the Earth's security system.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level in order to facilitate the data of scientists in the field of research;
However, the growing number of people are increasingly witnessing silence and more active action, and rejects the policy of the people and the Cuban of Cuba.
There is a exception for the work of a common law to develop a common law, which could be regarded as a serious offence in this framework.
The ability of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the European Union in recent years.
See paragraph 3 (a) (a) and 2 (f).
Of 19 a cent of the General Service, eight districts (one one of one one of the three components (one one of the United Nations Volunteers).
Other parts of these regions will be 1 per cent and 1 United Nations Volunteers, two national staff.
Issues relating to other items of the General Assembly to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people are binding to legally binding agreements: the young people are born in the first half of the children.
Women are often reluctant to deal with rape, particularly in rape and victims of victims, which is a source of concern.
Article III
The social status of women and women has resulted in this problem, but that the market market market has also been a problem.
At the same time, the rural family is lower than low-income per capita per capita per capita, indicating that the rural families have a average of the household.
The International Labour Organization, adopted by the International Labour Organization (Act No. 131), should be included in the same way, as well as the rights of staff members, as well as the rights of workers, as well as the benefits of the representative of the workers, as well as the rights of individuals and collective interests.
(c) Data data for HIV/AIDS and AIDS
The Human Rights and Programme of Persons and the Environment of the Environment of Education, Education and Human Rights, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources in Africa, particularly in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, in order to change the situation and policies of the Israeli and Israel, we have not lost a just and comprehensive peace in the region, and we have not not lost their hope.
1.2 The Act provides that the Act should be responsible for terrorist acts or funding for terrorist acts and to adjust domestic legislation to implement the implementation of the International Convention on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and enforcement of national institutions, namely the Government of the Republic of Chile and Armed Forces (the police police) in article 2 of this article.
Mr. Winen (United States of America): The United States would like to explain the position of the United States.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote entitled “The Khmer Rouge””.
Japan will continue to work in cooperation with the Secretariat and the Government of the United Nations in order to establish a special Chamber.
However, there is no reason for a State's responsibility for the responsibility of a State of a international organization that is not justified.
I, sect.
As a result, El Salvador, in the absence of a high level of high-level cases, was submitted to the State.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected a arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, as a result of the relationship between the United Kingdom, as a result of the arrangement, which would be applicable to the European Union, which should not apply to the territory of the European Union.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to stress the costs of the international trade in small arms and light weapons, and encourages the existing international rules and responsibilities of the region.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation efforts will also continue to support support, particularly for the rehabilitation and reintegration of ex-combatants and support for electoral elections.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs to be sustained and needed to develop the protection strategy for children.
These issues are a major challenge to young youth in the form of a informal or formal role.
It is hoped that the regional and economic commissions of the United Nations will redouble its efforts to promote the development of indigenous peoples.
I have the honour to welcome Mr. Steiner, and I call on him.
Report of the Committee on Coordination Coordination (A/58/583, chap. III, sect. III, para. IV, sect.
I would like to thank your members for cooperation and support in this regard.
The impact of the small island developing States is a significant impact.
The fourth meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea in New York and the Inter-Agency Process on the Law of the Sea indicated that the Forum is very useful, and the General Assembly decided to hold three years.
Although efforts have been made, the problem of the marine environment remains far far.
As indicated in the report, there is a number of specific issues in the area of marine areas, the international community has continued to continue and coordinate action in the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marks a milestone in the life of the world, which will be the tenth anniversary of the organization.
In accordance with the Office of the Prosecutor, its national human rights and international humanitarian unit have been investigated by the International Criminal Court.
It has been planned to work on the safety of the safety of the premises of the safety of the security of the safety of the security of the safety of the United Nations, and the work of the radio and Public Media System.
Conclusions
In consultation with the necessary initial consultations, the United Nations should consider the inclusion of the agenda of the World Tourism Organization, or in accordance with the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or shall be included in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, as appropriate, in accordance with relevant rules of procedure or bodies of the United Nations.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library is a online web site in the United Nations web site, and the use of resources related to related issues.
National human rights institutions should play a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties and should encourage them to encourage those institutions and to strengthen cooperation with Governments and civil society organizations.
(a) The form of electronic means or the form of electronic means or the form of electronic means, or in the form of the form of electronic means, a person or the signature of a electronic electronic means, which is punishable by a person to imprisonment (art.
Recalling the results of the past decade, it is difficult that all Member States have a opportunity to express the opportunity to express their views on the reform of the reform.
The veto is contrary to the principle of sovereign sovereignty in the Charter, and also violates the principle of democracy and democracy.
However, since some of the members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not been committed to Israel's actions, which means that the Security Council is not Israel.
Please refer to the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and its associates with their neighbours, and the threat and trends of neighbouring countries and the proliferation and trends of their neighbours.
As indicated in the report of the Board (para. 666), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
In view of the findings of the Board's findings, the Advisory Committee stressed that the Board's review of the importance of understanding of understanding of understanding of understanding of understanding of understanding, inspection and inspection, inspections, verification and staff.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, employment opportunities for employment opportunities, the action action plan should take into account the impact of information and information on each priority.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) of paragraph 1 is the need to recognize the obligation of the State party to comply with its obligations under the international instruments of human rights, as well as the obligation to reflect their obligations.
Human rights defenders have been carried out by the rights of human rights defenders and the law, policies or practices of human rights and human rights, and their own of their own legislation in many countries.
In the country's national communications, the third party has made considerable improvements in the field and policy measures in the field and measures.
They introduced the steps taken to ratify the Protocol, including necessary legislative legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The high-level meeting of the two-day high-level meeting will be held from 1 to 2 September 2003 to be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex to the General Assembly, as well as all Member States of the Conference on Disarmament to participate in all Member States and to participate in their work.
Inter-commerce Group of Experts on Development
In response to the request of the mandate of the mandate of the mission, the UNCCD secretariat, as possible, on the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture, addressed the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture, and the Secretary-General's report of the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General on the implementation of Agenda Agenda and the relevant relevant relevant reports of the Commission.
(d) In the case of a judge, the right to be taken to the pre-trial hearing in other cases.
It had prepared the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure, the Panel's terms of reference and reference to a special contract of experts to the Council.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to discuss substantive discussions on the issues raised in the preliminary investigation of the Secretariat, at its forty-first session, in October 2002, (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
In developing countries, more than 10 per cent of the infection rate in Uganda have continued to reverse the trend in the incidence of infection.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
UNFPA's trust base was expected to reflect the broad support of UNFPA to support the programme of programmes, and it is also recognized that the mobilization of funding is the common responsibility of UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/1212/Add.13, 363, 383, 38 and S/221, paras. 13, paras. 29, 29, 29, 29, 38, 45, 38, 45, 38, 38 and 50;; see S/2000/40/Add.1, paras. 38 and 50;; see S/2000/40/Add.1, paras. 29, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 38 and 50;; see S/1998/44/Add.1, paras.
Fourthly, the military revolution has suffered, and the proliferation of weapons is increasingly more complex, conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction.
The Commission agreed that this schedule has agreed in the first time.
This time shows that it is clear that the responsibility of the Iraqi people to protect the Iraqi people, but that it should be carried out by the political process of the sovereignty of Iraq.
This may lead to the need to act, and a number of issues can be made in the business of enterprises to provide public access to different purposes.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations have an important role in this area in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized and transparent.
If the methodology was used, the IPCC guidelines will be prepared by the IPCC Guide to the IPCC guidelines.
The present meeting is a very different meeting.
The completion of the completion of resolution 1244 (1999) should be done and I hope that we can be able to implement the next phase of resolution 1244 (1999) and that it should be determined to determine the process of Kosovo's final status.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced draft decision A/C.5/57/L.17 entitled “Strengthening of accountability in the field of security systems in United Nations field security systems” (A/C.5/57/L.177).
In principle of the Secretary-General's report, the Secretary-General has adopted the United Nations Integrated-wide approach to the United Nations in the context of the establishment of the United Nations and the establishment of a new building in the United Nations, the construction of the construction and building of the United Nations in all parts of the United Nations.
It must be necessary to verify the reporting and social reports to ensure the credibility of the report.
Cooperation with non-member States (IDB.27/208)
The State of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland and Slovenia, and the European Union of Europe and the European Economic Community, endorsed by the EU, Romania and Turkey.
A significant contribution to the meetings of regional and international organizations, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The objective of joint joint projects is to enhance knowledge on the issues and best practices of countries and regions in the areas of the following areas, international competitiveness and development of developing countries; (i) trade and diversification of developing countries; (i) trade and development of small-scale enterprises; and (iii) the development of a global network of small-scale enterprises in the field chain; and (iii) the management of knowledge management and communication technology.
UNDP has improved in some areas of the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be able to participate actively in the work of the Economic and Social Council and the regional coordination of the Economic and Social Council in order to ensure that the work of the United Nations Development Programme and regional coordination in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Asia's economic development in Asia and the supply and supply of supply have resulted in the impact of Africa.
Efforts have been made to ensure coherence between the Consultative Group, round tables and the country-level framework framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Enhancing synergies between cultural and development and the eradication of poverty in the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also adopted special emergency assistance in the north-east-East countries, and in the north-Pacific region, and in the north-Pacific region of the North Sea, which has developed special emergency assistance.
Agenda item 92: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Further reaffirms the establishment of the World Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the follow-up to the twentieth special session of the World Conference on Women and the follow-up to the coordination of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the field of economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial and trade conditions, the impact of the environment, global warming, global warming and the epidemic, migration and the spread of the epidemic, the risk of health, health and food, and the development of the international cooperation in international cooperation, are also needed to be needed for international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/820/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (resolution 58/546).
The substance of this proposal is to reaffirm Russia's readiness to inform Russia for the basis of the purpose of the launch of the spacecraft and the objectives and key parameters of the launch.
In accordance with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (OECD) and the Government of Guyana, the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana introduced a new investment project for rural rural communities, focusing on rural rural development initiatives.
However, the number of women who have been paid by the doctors in the number of women have not been registered.
Noting also the production of the pilot plant, which is a more effective and more advanced fuel.
Regional commissions of the United Nations
However, these years have been expanded to expand its scope, including demographic trends, international migration, smuggling of migration, smuggling of migrants and smuggling of migrants, international protection of migrants, and the impact of natural migration, and the impact of the impact of their origin.
Training courses are also a effective mechanism.
Indonesia has a number of terrorist attacks in several terrorist attacks, including on 12 October 2002, and the most recent terrorist attacks of the world, and recently recently, on 5 August 2003.
The Security Council has established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the common coalition in Monterrey is also the high-level dialogue of the High-level Dialogue, namely, major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and business sector.
In reviewing the information provided by some Member States, a comprehensive review of the scale of income in the period for the period 2001-2004 has been reviewed in a comprehensive review, and the increase of gross national income in currencies of the United Nations dollar in the period for the period 2001-200ates, and that the Committee had decided to consider a number of countries in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Lebanon, the Republic of Korea, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Republic of Korea, Uruguay, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The Committee shall consider the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 55/5 of the period for the period period for the period 2001-2006.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General, in which it is a understanding of the understanding of the decision on the implementation of the decision, as well as the request for the implementation of the decision on the implementation of the decision, which will take into account the case of a case on the basis of the law, financial and financial reasons;
The President also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with General Decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, the Prime Minister has established the responsibility of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights and the responsibility of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to establish a inter-agency working group.
A detailed report will be made to be more detailed than not only to the conclusions of the Conference, and to discuss the discussion.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is a 100,000 live births; the birth expectancy is a life expectancy in birth, as well as the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the World Development Report, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, together with the common aspirations of the United Nations, has been established by the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library was held in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library for a total of 12 training courses, including staff staff, staff staff, staff members, the staff staff, the United Nations Office, non-governmental organizations and the visitors.
In this case, the branch and subsidiary bodies should be able to inform bank banks or financial institutions to allow a computer-based system to establish a computer system, and the effective implementation of the currency flows.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, it will continue to focus on technical assistance and expansion of South-South trade in the framework of developing countries in the framework of the technical framework of developing countries, and to expand South-South trade and to reduce poverty reduction activities.
The proposed budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the budget budget for all all levels of resources is the importance of the role of the language.
General comments
Regulation of the Federal Federal Authority
It urged the Government to ensure that the professional and higher education of judges and the general education of education are to enhance the understanding of equality and norms in international norms and norms in the context of international norms and norms.
At present, a cross-cutting working group was established in the federal sector, as well as the integration of the trafficking of trafficking in the field of trafficking, which has been successful in the field.
(1) The State party shall take special special measures to accelerate the principle of equality of women and men, without prejudice to discrimination in the present Convention, and that they should not be used in the form of the present Convention, and that these measures should be eliminated in order to avoid inequality and equal treatment.
The proportion of women in the category of category of the category of the category of the category of the category of the United Nations, in addition to the proportion of women in the public service, is a percentage of 95 per cent and 47 per cent of women, as well as the proportion of women and 43 per cent of women in the category of the category.
(a) The child's children to the social community.
With regard to the cultural life of women, the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in respect of marriage and family relations, and in particular to ensure that women's gender equality should be ensured in the context of gender equality.
(b) The total income of the total income of the population;
We are concerned about the situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the same time, Israel continues to exacerbate tensions and to stop Lebanese territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many representatives of the International Conference on Crime Prevention and International Cooperation for Crime and International Cooperation, particularly in particular:
1994 1994: The Ministry of Defence of Ukraine (Mada) was the Prosecutor.
• In accordance with article 5 of the Penal Code, it is not possible to ensure that the perpetrators of crimes committed to terrorist crimes should be used to assist and incite terrorist crimes in the case of terrorist offences.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
With regard to the use of a reservation to the States parties to the other States parties, it is also necessary to hear the grounds that it is a matter.
Otherwise, the depositary will change a system, which may result in the nature of the “in”” of the law, as well as the nature of the law, as a result of the proposed law.
Therefore, it urged the Committee to take more attention to the activities of foreign vessels in order to take more attention to the State's control of the State, the registration of the State, the registration of the State, as appropriate, in particular to the State.
It was also suggested that the most recent trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, are increasingly increasingly affected by the system, as a first step of the first first committee, as a first committee of the first first committee, and the establishment of the rules of law and rules of international law, as well as the establishment of the legal rules of law, in particular in the relevant international instruments.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Committee decided to appoint a independent expert on extreme extreme poverty, including the Economic, Social Commission on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, on the issue of the concept of poverty and human rights, and the concept of the concept between two issues.
Participants concluded that more efforts must be made to disseminate information on its mandate and activities.
The Government of Uganda seeks to avoid conflict, from the return of the town of Senegal and the town of the town.
His country was aware of its understanding and urged delegations to make a compromise compromise.
Germany recognized that the threat posed by terrorism and the threat of corruption threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, the most recent efforts in peace in the Middle East is the following.
In particular, policymakers would like to ensure that there is sufficient training of the staff, with a view to developing countries to increase their scientific capacities and more focus on increasing knowledge.
Article I
Noting that most the majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 5 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The two-year cycle of work will be determined by each annual policy group.
Report of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and technological technologies to enhance national production and competitiveness in countries, and, inter alia,, inter alia, to promote the transfer and transfer of technology and to promote scientific and scientific awareness in developing countries,
States parties and armed conflict parties should take all feasible measures to prevent the illicit groups of war, including civilian populations, civilian populations and civilian objects, as well as the impact and impact of the war.
It should be appropriate to ensure that the ozone-depleting explosive ordnance has been conducted to ensure the role of the Parties to ensure the results.
Welcoming also the review of the review of the review of the review of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee at the first session of the Preparatory Committee on the Review of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2005 from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
In our efforts to combat terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the dignity and fundamental freedoms of the person must ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals, ensuring the need to ensure democratic processes and political processes.
This report will assist the sanctions sanctions measures to comply with the extent of sanctions and to identify technical assistance for the implementation of the implementation of the implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for Small Island Developing States and Small Island Developing States continued to continue to work in the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 to the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.4
(see para. 19 of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Settlements (see para. 19 of the United Nations Office for Human Settlements Management) has been explored in the context of the training of staff resources, in which the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Settlements (see para. para. para.
This would enable WHO to receive sufficient eligibility to the World Bank, and the United Nations Development Fund and the United Nations Office on Human Rights in the United Nations, in which the United Nations Office of Health, has been able to coordinate the work of the United Nations High Commissioner for Training in East Timor.
Details are provided in the report of the Secretary-General on 4 October 1999 (S/1999/104).
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
His Excellency Mr. Robert Gar, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, was escorted to the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Lc (Barbados): I have the honour to express my sincere congratulations to the President of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, Mr. President, on behalf of the General Assembly.
The EU has recently demonstrated a common and external security policy to strengthen the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, which demonstrated that our efforts to work together with us.
Non-personnel mines must not be used to be used.
UNCTAD's report on the development of the development of the least developed countries was welcomed.
The Advisory Group recommended its ninth session in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in the field of technical cooperation services is also recognized.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to agree with members of the Commission that the Disarmament Commission should be able to consider the only body of the Disarmament Commission, which will be based on a effective and effective framework for the implementation of the principles of disarmament.
For the date of nuclear weapons, human beings have been exploring the elimination of nuclear weapons.
We are seen as a important gesture, which will continue to address the practical modalities and methods of nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is the representative of the European Union on behalf of the European Union.
In the Ottawa Convention, it has not been used to complete anti-personnel mines, but it is a strong support for the most important use of mines and major producers.
At the same time, my Government has made a clear signal that it did not intend to make the future to the future, which had been appointed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Government considers that the draft articles of the UNCITRAL Model Law for Private Development Projects was a genuine achievement of a genuine sense of achievement, which would enable States to coordinate their legislation and to make the Council's legislation to establish a single version of the Model Law for Private Development Law, and that the Committee decided to provide a single version of all legislative recommendations.
Meeting on the following session, including and decision-making
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Heads of State of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, from 20 to 25 February 2003, and noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean will continue to work in informal consultations on the work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
One is one of the priorities of action for the security and security of Afghanistan.
We believe that the problem of landmines in post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, the establishment of a administrative unit unit is established by a administrative unit and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the Israeli representative announced that he was ready to cooperate with landmines.
The progress made by the HIPC Initiative in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative has been slow, and the process of procedures have even reached the conclusion of the process and even to the end of the process of the process that they have become a sustainable debt level.
UNFPA is expected that the ERP system would replace all existing systems used to maintain the use of all existing systems.
Training.
Posts.
Report of the Secretary-General
The sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence is to be carried out by the Special Rapporteur.
UNEP noted that the activities of the Centre for Crime Prevention in the prevention of crime was working and expressed the hope that the future will cooperate on the common issues of the future.
In view of the responsibilities of the President of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I have the honour to inform you to inform you to inform you in order to allow you to the Security Council in order to extend the members of the Security Council in order to consider their position in consideration.
If we have continued to work on the basic basis, I am convinced that the new prospects for the global security of the global security is a new prospects for the global security of the world, including the human rights of terrorism, including terrorism.
The remaining will be reported in the next few reports.
The Panel's claim in the “C” claims” and the total of the “C”” is a indicator of the total number of reports, namely the number of Kuwaiti persons, Jordan and the Palestinians in the amount of Kuwait, Jordan and the Palestinians.
The important objective of the review is to provide a brief and high-time information in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation, to assist the programme of developing countries to develop decision-making and assist donor donors to take necessary adjustments to funding decisions.
According to this claim, the competition between the United Nations technical cooperation providers would be chosen, while overall coherence would be achieved in the country programme.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and the promotion of human rights mechanisms in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to cooperate with the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, taking into account the need to promote and protect human rights;
The concept of peace is a integral part of respect to life, full human rights, the promotion of human rights, violence against violence, sustainable development, conflict prevention and tolerance, democracy, cultures and other groups and individuals, as well as a integral part of all major initiatives in the context of a culture of peace and conflict, cultures, cultures and other groups, as well as a integral part of all major initiatives.
Contributions for the United Nations Development Fund for Women in 2003
For example, in the context of international military operations, the Government of the International Forces of Tanzania has not used a high-day cluster cluster on a high-day basis.
Albania, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece, Greece, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Hungary, Republic of Korea, Hungary, Republic of Korea, Hungary, Republic of Korea, Hungary, Republic of Korea, Hungary, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.201, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at the United Nations Conference at Headquarters on 6 June.
It cannot not be allowed to submit a new national report to identify the assistance of terrorists and non-State organizations.
Also calls upon the Israeli occupying Power in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, on the safety and safety of the Agency in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, as well as compliance with the Charter of the United Nations of the Charter of the United Nations, articles 12, 105 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations;
The implementation of the above control
Follow-up to the Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons (International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing, which was submitted by the Secretary-General, submitted the report of the Secretary-General entitled “The World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/585).
Article 20 of the article has been set out in the absence of the application of the general nationality of the State, which is based on the rule of law, based on the rule of law, and the right to legal law.
However, some of them have been limited to the labour market in the labour market, and that they have not been marginalized in the labour market, and there is no lack of access to freedom of movement, while there is a lack of the existence of trade unions, but that there has been a number of cross-border practices, but that the mediation of labour relations has led to a number of other areas.
The New Zealand delegation recognized that the provision of parental leave for parental leave would result in the programme of the programme, particularly in particular to the wage gap between men and men.
In order to facilitate the pressure of men's rights, New Zealand has continued to focus on the work of the child's rights or the relationship between the marriage.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had been able to provide sufficient and clear information, and it was not possible to adopt consensus, and that all relevant standards of asbestos would be met, and also, in the case of all relevant standards.
Table 3
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.4
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- right to self-determination of the peoples of the Islamic People on Indigenous Peoples -- draft resolution on behalf of the United Nations
Long-term private capital flows in developing countries
The net increase of the net increase is to increase the rapid growth of the industrialized countries in the export of trade and the European Union.
In the 1990s, there is a major international mechanism to deal with the issue of capacity-building issues, but many issues were considered as a application of the application.
Debt relief debt, “The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative, the World Bank of Poor Countries, endorsed by the Bretton Woods institutions, expressed the importance of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative (HIPC), New York, 27 September 2002, at www.d.org.
(h) The establishment of joint-party insurance plans at bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General on the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/775, para.
It is, however, that the number of 14 women members of the National Assembly were a woman, which was a woman of the Special Committee's Advisory Committee.
At the first time, the school level of school is now more than existing education infrastructure.
While there is no special plan for women's work, the Government of the Government has committed to the commitment of the Government of the Government to promote the development of women's development in all sectors and programmes to reflect the needs and potential of women.
The divorce does not seem to be rare, since Bhutan, in many other countries, are not prohibited.
In order to combat such transactions to combat such transactions, they are able to use the use of prostitutes, and they are not able to monitor and deal with the lack of monitoring and processing of HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases.
Bhutan, Ministry of Women, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will lead to great economic interests.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva will contribute to improving the use of information and communication technologies to improve the digital divide.
Finally, the discussions has been made to identify and address issues in the field of the draft articles of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and the Ad Hoc Committee on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property in accordance with the draft articles of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of All Forms of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, as well as the outcome of the draft articles on the discussion and discussion of the draft articles of the Sixth Committee.
The number of municipalities have been destroyed by the Iraqi forces, and the second hotel, which was used as a result of the first part of the second quarter of detention and prisoners, was used in the use of the second instalment of the third instalment of the third instalment.
In such a case, the Panel concluded that the first instalment of the first instalment of the third instalment, as well as the fact that the second claimant has been set out in accordance with paragraphs 15 to 15 above, in which the Panel concluded the nature of three claims, and that the Panel concluded that, in accordance with paragraphs 15 to 15 of the present report, the Panel concluded that the first and second claimant had been set out in the context of the nature of the mandate, and that the second claimant had been established by the first instalment of the second instalment and the second claimant.
The value of the commercial securities is the value of cash flows and reserves, as well as the replacement of profits and loss of profits.
9 Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind that and other unexploded ordnance and other unexploded ordnance have become a serious threat to the safety, security and life of civilian populations and the humanitarian, peacekeeping and security activities of the civilian population,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/75)
Iraq is a great contribution to the promotion and dissemination of laws, scientific and cultural diversity, which is indeed a great contribution to humanity.
It is clear that the contribution of the Iraqi people for the common value of the Iraqi people should be a contribution to the aspirations and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
The gross income of the population rose in 2000 to half in 2000.
The Office of the Special Representative of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Palestinian Territory in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (the Office of the Congo) received information.
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the revised estimates of the Executive Board for the biennium 2002-2003, as proposed by the proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003, and, taking into account the basis of the proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the approval of the revised budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
As a result, he was informed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services visited the situation in the United Nations field centres.
United Nations
Source: Statistical data on education statistics in the Ministry of Education of the National Statistical Statistics, which is based on the statistical statistics and scientific education statistics.
Of the overall mortality rate of the population, there was a total of 3710 per cent of the population, which were women.
The network is composed of professionals, and efforts to work in the design and investigation of women's health care as a part of the programme.
Policy and programmes
Amendment to the situation referred to above above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge of the United Nations.
In many countries, children are victims of armed conflict.
The United States strongly supports the adoption of 18 years of recruitment and non-State actors to recruit recruitment or use of hostilities in hostilities.
(b) Voluntary fund fund for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts made by the Board to monitor the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council, in particular the following:
* In consultation with internal consultations, the submission of the present report was delayed.
In the public sector, or “development effectiveness”, the public sector should be effective and efficient.
The Conference decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In view of this view, a comprehensive approach could not be achieved.
See also the Protocol of the International Atomic Energy Facility for the International Oil Control of the International Oil Control, which would be replaced by “party third”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative responded to the Secretary-General, in order to clarify the provisions of the Secretary-General on the Prevention of the oil-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for disaster-for disaster-for-food period”.
http://www.g.g.org_299, 299.
Promotion of the right to life and respect of different cultural identities
Such lessons learned from external evaluation, projects and/or the use of knowledge in the implementation of the project in the implementation of the project.
While awareness and understanding of understanding is rare, they can be able to provide more complementary and other types of interventions and actions for other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Liability of Damage of Objects Launched in Outer Space and the Convention on the Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, the new military force has not been allowed to maintain the movement of military personnel, in addition to the construction of military personnel, in addition to the construction of military personnel, and that the military liaison officers would not be able to control.
Financial aspects
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Crime to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime Prevention of the United Nations Crime Prevention Centre for Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist countries to develop and implement legislation and regulations and to implement the implementation and implementation of the Convention against the United Nations Crime Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work in this regard.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us promote the fight against terrorism.
In order to find a peaceful settlement of the diplomatic proceedings of the Security Council in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of peace and the use of force, and the use of force must be a final instrument.
I would also like to thank Mr. Guéhenno and Mr. ElBaradei's excellent work, which are characterized as neutral and objective.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken by a recorded vote of 51 votes to 1, with 1 abstentions, in accordance with paragraph 35 (a), of the preamble and operative paragraph 35 (a).
The text of the whole resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee has no intention to raise the capacity of the Committee on the implementation of the Protocol, the Committee also recognized that the baseline data data is not a serious matter, but that it is not a serious matter that the Committee has not been able to make a clear opportunity to make a view to which the Commission has been able to provide a proposal for the preparation of this approach.
He noted that the environmental impacts of the environment in both two parts of the two sides is to be more important for the protection of the ozone layer, and to make more reason to protect the ozone layer, and the damage caused by the damage.
(ii) In accordance with the necessary use of the necessary use, the provisions of the plan of methyl bromide for methyl bromide shall be approved by the Parties in accordance with the necessary purpose of the plan;
The Netherlands has signed its intention to strengthen cooperation between Colombia, including the private sector and the private sector, including the cooperation between the police and the private sector.
(ii) The State party has not received a notice of the notice of a arbitrator or the proceedings of the arbitral proceedings, which may be notified to the arbitral tribunal in this case, where the Court may terminate the process or termination of the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal.
It was further explained that the revised amendment was intended to be the right of the Court to recognize and enforce the right of the Court to the right of a interim interim order, but that the Court should not be able to act in the absence of the provisions and recognition of the rights and recognition.
It was agreed that the provisions of this article should avoid unnecessary use of the text of article 35 and 36 of the text.
In that connection, the Working Group should also consider the procedure of the application of the procedure.
If a State is not required to do so, it is not clear to achieve the harmonization of these provisions.
C. The efficiency and cost of logistics services - 16 - 16
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“UNCITRAL”) has also lacked specific rules.
The Court generally found the use of Internet technology for the Internet, which was not to be held, and it was considered that a legally binding contract would be established only by the seller's buyer.
In the financial sector, the financial component of the United Nations system is mainly of the National Police Unit, as well as in accordance with rule 153 of its resolution No. 153 of 5 May 1997, which will be established by the Ministry of Public Administration and the National Police (BP) in accordance with article 5 of its resolution No. 15 of 5 May 1997, as well as the establishment of a criminal body for the implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering Act.
It is very clear that this offence must be committed to the territory of Italy, or in any event, in the jurisdiction of the Italian law.
Rule I
(Signed) N. G. G.E. Mr. GERI
At the same time, the Special Court is not not affected by the fundamental nature of the Court of Cambodia.
The accused of the accused of the accused, G.M. Z. Z. Z. Y. Y. Y. and Fadar, who have been suspected of the three terrorist activities in terrorist activities, illegal trafficking and incitement to hatred.
It reaffirmed the joint liaison group, as appropriate, to the secretariat of the Convention on the Information and Information of the Stockholm Convention, and the SBSTA agreed that the IPCC secretariat should be held with a joint contact group, and the SBSTA reaffirmed the importance of the IPCC secretariat to address the relevance of biodiversity and climate change in the context of the IPCC, and welcomed the importance of a joint inter-agency approach to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the United Nations Convention on Climate Change, in order to avoid duplication of the relevant aspects of the Convention, and that it would be encouraged to ensure that the United Nations Convention on Climate Diversity and the United Nations Framework on Climate Change should be found in collaboration with the secretariat, and to facilitate the possible use of resources in the context of the United Nations Convention on Climate Diversity and the Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, as well as in collaboration with the Secretariat.
The University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the United Nations
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Invites the GEF secretariat to consult with the secretariat, in consultation with the secretariat, to develop a dialogue on the implementation of projects and lessons learned from the Global Environment Facility, which could be simplified and effectively effectively implemented by the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties at its seventeenth session, in order to streamline the outcome of the meeting, and to facilitate the outcome of the meeting to the Conference at its seventeenth session;
It should be flexible to establish a framework for national action to address the specific needs and requirements of the Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by conflict, the Committee finds that it would be more desirable to increase the rate of the United Nations operational rates in 2003, rather than the current scale of exchange rates, rather than the current scale.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the adjustments of some assessed contributions should not lead to the increase of other Member States in the context of the adoption of the resolution.
The United States Virgin Islands has been organized by the United States of America, but the territorial Territory.
In particular, the Code of Human Rights sets out the right to freedom of rights, freedom of expression and freedom of expression, freedom of expression and freedom of religion.
One issue of concern in the past few years is a number of high-level rates.
He regretted the fact that the conflict of the Burundian parties to the conflict in Burundi regretted that the call of the warring parties to achieve lasting peace.
A senior representative of the United States and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic of Foreign Affairs will have a senior diplomat, with a new office of the International Secretariat of UNESCO, as a member of the Office of UNESCO.
(c) International financial system and development;
The legislative legislation of the Taliban and the Taliban have recently been updated to enable them to consider the decisions of the Security Council on the adoption of the rules of procedure of the Security Council and to the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the Security Council.
(c) The Government of the Ministry of Education of the Ministry of Education on 7 January 1979
The review of the review was that OIOS had completed nine recommendations of the previous audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Administrative and compensation of other officials of the United Nations
In accordance with this article, the State party shall continue to expedite the application of extradition procedures in accordance with domestic law and to expedite the need to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify the requirements of relevant evidence.
If the State party shall be transferred to the State party in accordance with article 10 and 11 of this article, the nationality of the nationality of the State shall be subjected to the case of the State's country, as a person or convicted of the State, or that they have been transferred to the State in the territory of the country, or in the territory of the State of origin, or that any other restrictions may be imposed on their liberty.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening institutional, public administration, public administration management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request to the Conference of States Parties to provide information on the implementation of the Convention's programmes, plans and practices to implement the implementation of the Convention, as well as in the legislative and administrative measures.
Israel and Israel must maintain peace and security in the region.
In the position of the South-East Asian region and international non-proliferation, we must not allow North Korea and nuclear weapons.
Part I
Would other other countries to strengthen domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS published the Guidelines on the Law of the Child (www.unhchr.org/c/9/96) and other actors to prevent prevention, care, care, care and support for HIV/AIDS.
b The former Yugoslav Republic of the Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of the Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of the members shall be held on 21 April, as a result of their election.
The approval of the revised appeal is still very difficult, but only US$ 7 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure that gender equality between men and men under article 2, paragraph 2, and 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party establish legislation on human trafficking and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policies and its federal housing programmes, and to ensure that the measures taken by the families in the national community are to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the right to land and to ensure that the right to land is protected, and to ensure that any expulsion of any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines of the Committee.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged.
They also contain a useful term definition — such as “the term” or “or “or”” — which are different meaning of the environment and the environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and progress on the Millennium Development Goals and indicators adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
The conditions of Iraq's industrial research and technical development and the restoration of reconstruction is necessary for reconstruction.
The ILO recognized that all social partners, including labour management organizations, business management organizations and organizations of workers, provide the following forms:
- A joint document will provide assistance to the work of the work of radio and television materials.
In addition, high-income income and middle-income countries are encouraged to support the capacity of UNICEF in the capacity of UNICEF to avoid greater reliance on the growing reliance on the potential of the donor countries.
Many of these are clearly reflected and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Team, together with the Forum, seminars and meetings to promote the protection of the movement of capital and the financing of financing of terrorism.
With regard to illicit drugs, particularly ATS, in particular ATS, we have been very low and production of their production and production, but illegal production has begun to expand the traditional centres of North America and Europe.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Representative to organize and substantive preparations for the preparation of the pre-session pre-session documents of the Committee; most than all members of the Committee are distributed to all members of the Committee; and the final version of the final version of the report of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative will be circulated as soon as possible.
Paragraph 1
It was reported that a total of $2.8 million in the official exports was reported in January 2003.
No one was made in this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of new technologies should be to enhance the quality and quality of conference services and to ensure that the high-level cost of the high-level cost and the report of the Secretary-General on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this goal, the Forum should be held in the development of the African Development Forum, which is aimed at a consensus on the important issues of development in Africa, and to address issues on the development of the development of Africa, and to enhance the development of the relationship between African and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that poverty is directly directly to the education of girls, and the increase of girls in the girl level of illiteracy had also affected women's employment, and said that it is clear to remedy the urgent remedy.
UNICEF needs to be included in national programmes in the country.
The examples of such examples is not a one one.
The Council reiterates its intention to monitor the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission for the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
As long-up, the “United States Command team” was a unilateral “United Nations military unit” and has continued to be subjected to abuse, and that it is still the sovereignty of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
Commission on Human Rights
These consultations include the activities of the Working Group to participate in the general comment of the International Economic and Social Commission for the Rights of Women and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 provides data on export income for all sources.
This provision provides the obligation of the obligation to conduct the obligations of the human cloning of human beings.
The joint teams of the two joint teams have continued to investigate violence in the field.
The Human Rights Council will continue to provide services to the local people.
Geneva, 30 June-7 July 2003
A number of staff in Professional and professional categories or more than one year
Table 1 shows a gender distribution of gender distribution in departments and departments.
The United Nations Development Group report on the issue of the high-level session of the High-level Committee on the Coordination of Management, which has been designed to facilitate the principles, objectives and objectives of the employment policy.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization (UNPA) was entitled “to-poor women's life” for women's life and the development of the International Assistance Initiative, which has contributed significantly to the financial base of the international community's Fund's Fund.
On 19 April 2000, the Chairman of the Chairman of the Association of the Association of the Islamic Association of Jurists (tel.
This definition is that the definition of individuals, families and communities have been able to have a long-term or temporary expulsion of residence or land, but not not a appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusions of the recent United Nations and other aspects of the impact of sanctions on sanctions have been considered by the conclusion of the conclusions, which does not have any effect to the extent.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is necessary to address the nature and impact of the Convention and the nature of the Convention, and the role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13, paragraph 2 (b)
However, self-government must be a means of public responsibility, which is in the case of national funding.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is not the fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the fundamental principles of international human rights law: personal human rights.
Specific legal obligations
Specifically, international financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should focus on the protection of the right to health, as well as the need to improve the right to health.
Indigenous peoples provided resources to help them design, supply and management of water resources, as well as a lack of adequate water for the traditional use of human rights; refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons, internally displaced persons and their return to urban and rural areas.
The State party's right to the right to water may constitute the obligation to respect.
The State Ombudsman, Human Rights Commission and similar organizations should be allowed to address the situation of the right to water.
“The Commission reiterates its readiness to assist States parties to fulfil their obligations to fulfil their obligations.
The State party has generally noted that the State party's own legal system should be set out in the legal system and to apply to the provisions of the law.
Article 19
In order to ensure that the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a) may be found in a oral or written manner, it is important that it should be given to the legal and factual facts.
In explanation of the scope of the provisions of the provisions of the contract, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights of the Convention, including the right to protection of the Convention, including the right to equality and discrimination, based on all causes of equality and discrimination.
In many civil and political rights, many provisions can ensure that the principles of the Convention can be ensured.
One of the principle is to be set out in the framework of a national electoral framework, which shall be equal and equal.
The State party should provide information on the ability of the Committee to assess the impact of any legal and customs law on the right to privacy and the right to privacy in the equal enjoyment of the right to privacy and the right to privacy.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides the right to self-determination of the right to self-determination in their own cultural, religious or linguistic minorities, as well as the right to self-determination of the right to self-determination.
In order to ensure the independence and effective oversight of independent human rights institutions, independent human rights institutions must provide adequate infrastructure, funds, including a broad range of institutions, staff, staff, premises, and any financial control.
The government sector should be able to participate in a advisory capacity.
It is clear that the work of the decolonization programme of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully considered in any future programme of work.
Thus, we are not not a formal draft resolution, but it hoped that delegations wished to be able to consider the opportunity to consider and decide.
The Committee may wish to consider its agenda and organization of work.
Statement by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to exercise the right of reply made by the Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, civil society and civil society, in consultation with the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, civil society and civil society, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has a general court, namely the Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides the inhabitants of the Territories, including Bermuda's British citizenship.
At the same time, Bermuda's overall life rates are high, the highest of the world's highest world.
The average average of the age of the age of the age of the age is US$ 112 per cent.
Bermuda believed that the level of education at the high level of the population of Bermuda is a major element of the comparative level of education.
The objectives of these activities will include: officials of officials, criminal law and criminal justice experts; the administration of public administration; parliamentarians; parliamentarians; and other publications of criminal justice and criminal justice systems; and other specialized organizations, judges, judges and other relevant organizations.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to 1267 1267 (1999), resolution 133 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all countries and countries to increase a significant increase in the United Nations development system (regular regular budget/regular budget) and funds, as well as the need to further explore the contributions of other sources of funding, and stressing further use of other sources of sources of sources, and stressing the need to further explore other sources of sources;
Takes note of the cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and invites the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore further cooperation with the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to further enhance cooperation, coordination and coordination, including through the establishment of the strategic framework, modalities and coordination of the recipient countries, as well as the need to develop further coherent frameworks for the implementation of the strategic framework, modalities and partnerships of the United Nations, including through the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as to ensure that the strategy set out in the framework of the Bretton Woods institutions;
Stresses the need to assist those countries to provide adequate support for the development, reconstruction, reconstruction, development and development of the least developed countries, as well as in the context of the need to assist those countries in conflict, natural disasters, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, in order to increase their institutional capacity;
Recalling also the conclusions adopted by the Gender perspective on gender mainstreaming and programmes in the United Nations system and programmes, and it was subsequently decided to take into account the implementation of the agreed review and appraisal of the implementation of the agreed conclusions of the Conference, as well as to review the implementation of agreed conclusions,
Having also taken into account the work of the Declaration of the Economic and Social Council in Barcelona, Spain, held in Spain in November 1995 and the programme of work of the Declaration, as well as the establishment of a international network of transnational transport networks in the Mediterranean Mediterranean, to ensure that the links between the common and cross-Eastern countries,
(d) In addition to the transfer and new use of new and other channels, new technologies can not be able to do so.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Board of Trustees of the International Institute for Social Development of the United Nations Development Institute of the United Nations (International Institute for Social Development) was elected from 30 June 2007 to 30 June 2007 (Argentina) and Mr. Maria Lina (Russian Federation) and the United Kingdom of Tanzania.
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council took note of the Commission on Human Rights, in its resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, in which it decided that the Commission decided to extend its mandate on the right to adequate housing in the right to adequate housing, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report on the right to adequate housing in the right to adequate housing, and requests the Special Rapporteur to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's social and reintegration Foundation
(d) To note that the Committee is not considering consideration of the following reports:
Commission for Sustainable Development
Invites the Parties to provide information on the use, production, import and/or import of DDT in the first session of the Conference of the Parties at the first session of the Conference of the Parties at the first session of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties;
The use of the Conference of the Parties shall be the following:
The legal group of the Legal Group noted that any procedure for the decision-making process was not available.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its appreciation to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Institute, in cooperation with the Institute of Trustees, to prepare the guidance of the preparatory preparatory meetings of the Eleventh Congress;
One speaker was made on the main theme of trafficking in trafficking, which was particularly focused on data collection, including data collection, in the West Africa, and the trafficking of trafficking in South-Eastern Europe, and trafficking on children.
With regard to trafficking of trafficking in West Africa, it was reported that the education of rural children are being excluded by the rural family, in which they are forced in a number of circumstances.
UNITAR seminar on the structure and practices of United Nations resolutions on the United Nations and the adoption of the draft resolution
It was also found that there was no signs of a new nuclear facility or direct support of nuclear weapons.
Question of Tokelau
In the efforts of the counter-terrorism efforts, States should not be ignored by the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, the Executive Director, at its first regular session in January 2003, the Executive Director presented a preliminary update on the implementation of the revised budget budget for UNOPS (DP/AC/2003/CRP.3). UNOPS, in which UNOPS has been able to reflect more results in the current operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
The first Panel: the Canal Hotel left the Canal Hotel at its 8th meeting, to provide the facilities of the Al-Qa'Djamena.
Article 19 of the Protocol, article 19 of the Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2000)1
Draft resolution III was entitled “Operations of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 13 votes to 2, with 1 abstentions (resolution 57/35).
It is very important that the Committee is very important, and the First Committee remains a important element of delegations.
We hope the General Assembly to support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote at its next session.
It is equally clear that we have a clear objective of the European Union's commitment to all States in the region and to ratify or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the Panel's proposal to establish the Panel's proposal should be given to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as a result of the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in which the Secretary-General of the United Nations may be convened to implement specific verification tasks.
In this context, it should be particularly mentioned that the International Refugee Organization of Haiti will promote the implementation of the Guiding Principles for the implementation of the principles of the Guiding Principles.
Although the company is the main legal of diplomatic law, it is not necessary to provide the basic legal personality of such protection.
The case of arbitration, judicial or similar procedures and similar procedures have been considered in the proceedings of the conciliation proceedings, as well as the application of article 1, paragraph 2, or article 3 of this article.
I thank him for all of our efforts and in the peaceful settlement of the resolution.
However, in order to ensure the greatest impact of the Unit in the United Nations system, the quality of the work and recommendations of the programme of work in the work of the programme of work is insufficient.
The inspection team has been completed after a hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with paragraph V of the Convention, the establishment of a thematic network of a thematic network ( consultants) and the number of participants in the region of the region of the region of the region of the region of the United Nations, including consultants, Logistics and Central Europe, to assist the United Nations Regional Drug Control Fund, in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Drug Control Fund in the region of the United Nations, including the United Nations Regional Drug Control Fund and the International Centre for Central Europe, in 2004 in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Fund for the Coordination of the North Sea and the International Cooperation of Central Europe in 2004 in 2004 to facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the regional level in 2004 and in the context of the meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties to the United Nations;
At the end of the island of the islands, the Royal Act of St Helena has completed a draft strategic plan for the end of 2002 to enable the Government to work in the new five-year-year implementation of the United Kingdom (July 2004).
(f) It is fully responsible to maintain the activities of a fixed-based business in the context of the activities of the project (a) (a) and (e) in order to maintain a fixed-based basis of the activities of the project, as well as a preparatory or complementary activity.
The Government of Hungary believes that the report of the present report would help to the Commission the assessment of the recommendations of the Member States and to provide recommendations on the implementation of the relevant measures to improve the existing measures.
(2) In subparagraph (a), the number of assets and property of a large range of assets and property, and the transfer of assets or property, or the transfer of property, shall be imposed in accordance with paragraph (1) of the Convention, in accordance with paragraph (1) of the Convention.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender of Gender Equality”, which was launched by the Ministry of the Republic of Korea, on sexual harassment and gender discrimination.
The payment of a lump-time payment is the annual decision of the Labour Commission.
Women's population in the agricultural sector is more than 50 per cent, compared with 55 per cent in 1998 and in 2000 to 5 per cent in 1999 and 2000.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2005).
The status of the status of the status, including the birth, marriage, marriage, age, age, age, registration, registration, registration, the claimant's name, is valid to be effective.
In 2002, it was adopted by a organized crime.
Movement against Racism and Peoples and peoples
The discussion records of the summary records will be held at 2 p.m.
In the case of the latter, the following comments should be submitted to the Committee?
Ms. Wowb-Bbb (International Monetary Fund) said that the IMF's intention was not a standard, but it was recognized that the international community had developed standards.
We welcome the fact that we believe that international law is based on the basis of relations between States; mutual and peaceful peace is a common and small country.
Corruption is a major factor in economic growth and the major obstacle to poverty and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft programme of work for the first session of the Second Committee, contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The report noted with satisfaction the growing increase between the United Nations system and encourages them to encourage them to support the development of NEPAD in support of NEPAD.
At the first special session of the Security Council on the Security Council of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Security Council on the Security Council, the Council of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, the Republic of Moldova presented a overview of the Group's activities.
It is this that this information has led to a number of summits in the past few years, including, inter alia, the Johannesburg Summit, Doha, Doha and Johannesburg.
Following the nomination of Belize, Mr. Jiran (Jamaica) was elected by acclamation.
The Department of Public Information replied to the Secretary-General that the allocation of resources between the United Nations and the United Nations Radio Unit would not change.
In relation to the agenda item 4 of the least developed countries, he noted that the development and sustainable capacity of the least developed countries is a complex issue of a complex and sustainable capacity.
These goals are consistent with the development of international development goals, in line with the development of international development indicators, the development of the international development indicators of the international development indicators, at least per cent per cent of GDP per cent of GDP and GDP in GDP.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern about the lack of public public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should increase the effectiveness of activities, highlighting the importance of assessing the assessment and implementation of the recommendations.
In addition, these steps are not peremptory.
Three members from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members of the European Union and the European Union.
Emphasizing the importance of South-South cooperation in the development of international cooperation for development, as a important component of the development of international cooperation and countries in developing countries and countries with economies in transition and to achieve sustainable development and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also hold the general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The issues related to the current agenda items and related actions are described below.
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002, in which the Council decided to establish a ad hoc expert group to establish a ad hoc advisory group of African conflict, and the Council decided to establish its resolution 2002/30 of 25 October 2002,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures aimed at the Ministry of Gender Equality and the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Ministry of Human Rights and the Ministry of Human Rights, as well as the United Nations Government's Institute of Women in November 2001 in November 2001 to the United Nations Office on Women and Women in November 2001.
If urgent steps are taken to address this impasse, the situation of the country is likely to deteriorate.
As shown in paragraph IV of the present report, the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to 50.5 million in the biennium 2004-2005, which was estimated by $4.9 million in the programme of programme resources, as well as resources for the management and administration of resources.
The Fund of the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation provides the cost of the operational costs of the Office of the United Nations Development Fund in the amount of the amount of the Fund's activities for the purpose of the project of the Russian Federation.
At its tenth session, the Committee on Budget and Budget had considered preliminary consideration of the budget budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Pile (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Legal Subcommittee on the Law of the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session on the work of the General Assembly in resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5 of the statute of UNIDO, the application of the right to vote shall be submitted by Lithuania;
Noting with satisfaction the efforts made by UNIDO to develop and improve the programme of Palestinian economic sector in the West Bank, particularly in particular in the context of the second phase of the pilot phase of the pilot phase of the project,
The analytical analysis of UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa is a long-term issue.
Even in the world's prospects for growth in the world, it seems to be difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of the Conference of the twenty-first meeting of the Conference is another concern.
The same name of the sanctions committees are fully aware of the same of the same name.
We would like to recommend that the future will further follow-up to Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these discussions should be the issue of the Council's issues to the Council.
(d) In particular, the Special Rapporteur has also recognized an important role in the prevention and prosecution of victims of victims of violence against victims of victims of criminal justice, in particular measures to protect the victims and victims of victims of trafficking,
Ms. Hampson explained the difficulties of the use of the term “indigenous peoples”.
The World Declaration on the Information and Development of the Intellectual Property Organization was summarized in the World Declaration.
He once again met with the Government of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior of the Interior, the Minister of the Interior and the Minister of Land Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Land Affairs.
The proposed programme proposed a wide range of consultations with a wide range of consultations, as well as a open debate on public and prosecutors, and must also be able to overcome the gap between the “State and other regions”.
As a result of the end of armed conflict, a large land is a valuable asset of the military forces, which is the only part of the military forces, and in the area of a large area.
The analysis of the Standard Standard Rules, which is a result of many international organizations and experts, including a number of experts and experts, including the establishment of the Joint Rules of Experts on the Coordination of Persons and the Standard Rules.
In Australia, a number of entities of the two entities have been investigated by the Australian authorities to investigate investigations.
While recognizing the differences between States, cultural diversity and different dimensions of development, they should take into account those differences, and noted that some differences should not be taken to achieve the principle of the implementation of the Convention.
A number of reviews had been found in a number of-house campaigns, and therefore recommended that UNFPA at the level of the country level should be given to the level of appropriate priorities, which should be focused on specific regional areas.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully reviewed the report and to submit preliminary comments to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations.
(Signed) Mohammed A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the European Union, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations in the Middle East map
A number of deaths were killed in the explosion of the explosion.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Mission in the United Nations to assist the transition process and the implementation of a follow-up to the completion of the mandate of the General Assembly at the end of the end of the year.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs referred to the Secretary-General's Secretary-General's report on the issues and rights of women in the context of the United Nations publication in this regard.
In accordance with its statute, the objective of the Foundation is to implement social awareness initiatives, such as research, research, research, education and development activities, to promote the development of the culture of racism in society, especially young people, and promote the promotion and promotion of professional organizations in the field of crime and criminal justice.
Section 4
We note the work of the simplification and harmonization of integrated programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will continue to reduce the costs of developing countries and to strengthen the State's power.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit in a coherent approach to promote the use of resources, best use of resources, and to enhance duplication of resources, coordination and evaluation in monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The establishment of military military exercises in the area of peacekeeping operations in the area of the “Bongo” in the event of the decision of 4 July 2003
E. Judicial cooperation
The work of the proposed programme budget for the proposed programme budget was presented.
Expected accomplishment (a) add the words “in the mandate of the programme programme”.
The Committee considers that the Fund's grant grant for the future of the United Nations staff had been finalized in 50 years, and the International Civil Service Commission has been reviewed to review.
The Committee noted that the Executive Board of the Coordination Coordination Board should ensure that the United Nations system should ensure a more coherent and coherent response to Member States, and the Committee looks forward to a more coherent and coordinated response to Member States, as well as to the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003.
At its 19st meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered the item under the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 (Implementation of the Development Account).
In this regard, the Committee emphasized the need to review the coordination of inter-agency coordination in the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Non-personnel mines and international organizations of the United Nations
For example, there must be a need to take into account the practice of the border.
A important proposal for the establishment of a network of the network of the Network was a important recommendation of the General Assembly.
New York
The increase of the pension in a number of labour and labour rates have increased in the age of the age and the increase of 8 per cent per cent in a higher increase of 3 per cent.
(c) Loss of property losses
The claimant also stated that the agreement agreed on 6 August 1990, which had been signed in the conclusion of the conclusion of the agreement between Iraq and Kuwait.
The third instalment report covers the claim of a non-payment of the claim of a non-payment of a non-Kuwaiti claim; E-C claims reported the review of the Panel's claim to review the Panel's claim in the field of oil and other types of business claims; “E4” claims related to the review of the claim of non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities, and the report of the Working Group on the Status of Kuwait claims in the review of the claim of a total of $1 million.
Decision on the status of claims filed in the instalment of claims (S/AC.26/Dec.2610 (2003)).
UNIDO's export insurance and export companies in the Islamic Development Bank (BF) has created a major-scale-year programme of work, which will be implemented from four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen).
(a) A new activity in Latin America and Uruguay.
In Ethiopia, a number of mobile waste plants have been used in several African countries to facilitate activities for the development of the project.
Invites the Working Group to continue to work in the preparation of the report, including the views and comments of all interested parties concerned,
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of the representative of Australia introduced the draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19, and orally orally orally amended, as well as to the end of paragraph 16 of its resolution to the first session of the Ad Hoc Committee on the first session, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the work of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in the work of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of States affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they are not only in the preparation of legislation, but also required assistance to the implementation of legislation, and to provide assistance to the implementation of legislation.
(m) A copy of the licensing of export licenses to the local authorities and the export of export licenses to the local authorities;
(f) States to exchange the exchange of information on the exchange of arms-related substances, where the airport, ports and border areas have taken measures to ensure the use of the ship;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a standard standard management system for the financial and non-resident of the Central Bank, and they will be able to provide training and assistance to effectively use the system.
1 General Service (Other level)
1 P-4 (OL)
• In cooperation with the Appeals and Legal Policy Unit (see para. 1, para. 1 (c) and legal status (see para.
The objective of the subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute the Appeals Appeals Court, as follows:
• A number of public and non-treatment in the United Nations system, which is required to address unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings of the proceedings.
• General temporary assistants (P-23): 738
The first half of 2004, however, the secretariat will be able to use its ability to be able to be able to be able to carry out their capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Committee to provide more information on the health situation of women in the Government of Denmark, and that Luxembourg is working to study research on the collection of gender-disaggregated data disaggregated by the child and child mortality, maternal mortality and care.
The interpretation of the right to the right to freedom of the right to retain the right to freedom of expression is not available.
The Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction in accordance with the provisions of international law, without prejudice to the State party's jurisdiction in accordance with international law.
The State party may provide a reasonable request for the requesting State Party to provide information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement this request.
If the State party has not yet done such agreements or arrangements, these States Parties may consider the Convention on the basis of the Convention, which is based on the law of the Convention, in order to provide cooperation with other offences covered by the Convention.
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Convention and its implementation of international peace and security, and stressing the need for universal, universal and effective implementation of the Convention, as well as the use of the use of chemical weapons, as well as the use of the use of chemical use of chemical weapons,
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, as necessary, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to prevent the provisions of the Charter and Rules of the United Nations Staff Staff and Rules in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and to the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly in its fifty-ninth session;
“1. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures to implement the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the resolution, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 3/13 of 3 November 1980 and to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration management to the United Nations Millennium Declaration
In addition to the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso has been a very poor in poverty, which provided the role of the country in the area of the United Nations system, with the support of the United Nations system, to identify the gap between these initiatives.
Does your country may have a list of the names of the listed of the list of the listed in the border?
Another speaker said that more efforts will be made to work in the world's work in the work of the United Nations.
The regulatory environment 4
Tax incentives: grants, credit subsidies and consumer prices; financial incentives: tax-free exemptions, capital, capital, capital, capital, capital, sales and export, such as infrastructure and export subsidies;
In particular, in particular, in particular the development programme, the following practice should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions also expressed the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could be able to limit the discussion.
The scope of this activity is widely widely.
The programme of gender mainstreaming for the biennium 2000-2001 is a integral budget document on gender mainstreaming, which is the adoption of the adoption of the recommendations adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of the recommendations adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of the recommendations adopted by the Economic and Social Council, including the Programme of Action and the Programme of Action, to ensure gender mainstreaming to all programmes, the medium-term plan and budget programme.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not destroyed the destruction of property, confiscation of land, and the hundreds of Palestinian people, the closure of the Palestinian people, the construction of the Israeli settlements, the construction of the Israeli settlements, and to facilitate the other other measures of the peaceful movement of terrorists in East Jerusalem.
The ability of the United Nations and the United Nations and associated with the United Nations and its associated personnel are also limited to the ability of the Organization to protect and protect the capacity of the United Nations under the Charter of the United Nations in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.
Emphasizing that the results of RBM is the full implementation of the Tribunal's work, the Tribunal should be able to take into account the outcome of the current strategy in order to consider the results of the strategy.
(k) Participation of the activities of the United Nations system: President of the President of the General Assembly to participate in the meeting of the United Nations system in the United Nations system.
Other 5 cases were reported in seven cases: three cases are three to one of the three accused, one of the three accused of the Nzkka, one of 1 accused accused, and three accused of the media were 13 accused.
On 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which had ratified 18 ad litem judges of 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other law members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the United States citizens of America had been arrested by the United States of America, who had been arrested and sentenced to a number of years, who were arrested in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Australia, and the three years of the State of Australia, which was arrested and published by the Government of China, and the following of the Government of Australia, who had been arrested by the Government of China in the Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities to take the responsibility of the United Nations to resolve the responsibility of the Islamic Arab and the Arab region.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the serious nature of these allegations, noting that it was not not the case of such incidents, and his Government had failed to respond to his letter.
The freedom of law is a important element of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
In this year, our country is able to achieve their aspirations, namely the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be the cornerstone of the global anti-Terrorism Alliance.
I am confident that, in order to try to make the United Nations system, we must take a clear analysis of the analysis and analysis of the United Nations system.
The authorities are established, as a result of the word.
These indicators include the national health sector and other agencies to improve the national objectives and plans of improving reproductive health services and children.
After the adoption of the resolution, statements were made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/61/SR.40).
These are the Special Rapporteur's efforts to ensure that the human rights of Iraq should be made every effort to ensure that Iraq's democracy is a culture of human rights, and that the human rights of the human rights is a serious, systematic and systematic human rights violations.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.5
The final guidelines in 2004 will be used to provide a project for mine-action projects in the period of the period.
The full text of the draft resolution on agenda item 7 was contained in the text of the present report (COPUOS/L/L.68685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should invite the Government of Governmental Experts to discuss space assets on space assets in the United Nations, to avoid the issue of the issue in the discussion of the discussion.
The Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group has developed a series of model provisions.
The Committee should review the information to determine whether the information contained in the information is to be used or suspected of the use of money-laundering.
The Panel will continue to complete its mandate at its meeting at its meeting on specific issues.
In this regard, the establishment of the United Nations Radio Centre for the United Nations Radio Centre has been a position for their own status.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are designed to build capacity-building in trade and services, investment, trade and external debt.
The Chairman noted that, in consultation with the Council, the Council decided to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read as a document on behalf of the Council, and read as a document of the Security Council, as well as the text of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council (see S/PRST/2003/18);
Specific human rights and freedoms
In his letter dated 27 November, the Secretary-General issued a letter of the Prime Minister's Prime Minister of Prime Minister of Israel, in which the Government of Israel has continued to convey his letter to the Government of Israel, and he was the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the draft revised draft recommendation recommended by the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/C/2004/SR.1/P.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Variant B is a serious negative impact in the process.
The web site of the ship is the beginning of 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The Security Council has the mandate of the Security Council in Liberia to protect the protection of civilians and the promotion of human rights and the promotion of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there is a urgent urgency of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda has signed France and Germany, as a result of the opinion of France and Germany, as a result of the issue of human cloning.
The European Development Bank was designed to promote the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean in December 1993.
There has been a large number of institutions to provide financial assistance, advisory advice or other support.
“The activities of the United Nations, including the private sector, is designed to identify the international community, including innovative funding sources, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the developing countries.
On 31 December 2002, the headquarters of the United Nations Office for Health Insurance (PP) is a new post for the Ministry of Health Planning, and the establishment of a new post for the field in 2003 should be better efficient in the field of the field.
In this amount, 1,139,131, is a reserve for the year 2001, to use the amount of payment of the payment of the Agency's partners in the amount of the amount of payment.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve the achievement of the objectives and accomplishments of the following two assumptions: (a) adequate resources in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda (a) to provide adequate resources in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (c) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (c) Member States to implement the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Support services
Some delegations announced their recent actions to ratify legislation, in order to establish legislation and reform procedures, and other delegations have taken steps to facilitate the implementation of the status of refugee status in the national authorities.
During the Algiers Conference, the African Union's Commission had taken the most important-level instrument for the need to obtain the requirements.
Report of the Caribbean secretariat
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States has faced serious international terrorism and extremism, which believe that such a evil and global threats are indivisible, without concerted efforts to combat terrorism, without a view to ensuring the protection of “national””.
The Islamic Development Bank is the International Accounting Standards.
3 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round of the outcome of the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development and commitments and commitments to achieve internationally agreed development goals in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, particularly in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting Follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development
Amendments to article 8 of the Act: 31 October 2003)
There are no criminal responsibility for the age of 9 years.
In accordance with the Penal Code, there shall be no criminal responsibility for the sale of children, sale and other types of types of illicit trade activities.
Background
Equipment and systems have not been used and “or-time”.
Strongly condemns all forms of violence against humanitarian operations, inter alia,, inter alia, rape, rape, rape, rape and sexual harassment, abductions, abductions, abductions, abductions and illegal traffic, abductions, abductions and looting of the humanitarian transport and looting of the humanitarian transport system;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para.
Consumer goods
It was felt that the treaty is a clear and objective system to establish a minimum and objective system to address the activities of extreme dangers.
However, the injured State is the entire State.
A choice should be made to the law of the State party to the State party.
“On the “Islam”” was demonstrated by the Court's approach to the approach to the environment.
The company's Indian Indian Company has not been unable to take voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of the Act on Money Laundering (Act No. 35 of 5 April 2003) provides that financial institutions and other relevant types of financial transactions, monetary companies, monetary companies, banking companies, credit companies, loans and estate companies.
The Office of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime Prevention of the United Nations Crime Prevention Centre in the field of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders is responsible for the programme of work.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will also be carried out in the field of justice reform, particularly in the juvenile justice reform and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
With regard to the Chairman of the Information Committee, I am assured to ensure that all efforts will be made to work in all efforts to better promote the work of the General Assembly.
Culture of peace
Philippines
It was further recognized that crime prevention and action should be based on a wide range of gender-based and multidisciplinary knowledge and multidisciplinary knowledge.
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Mr. Kakaki-Mii
They also called on measures to ensure that the civilian population and the civilian population are in place and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed the views of the Secretary-General, as well as the discussions on globalization, as well as a more detailed discussion in a more detailed manner.
International Mining and Evidence
2003/22 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
The brokering of illicit brokering will be a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons, which can not be a key means of legitimate means of means; they have affected the embargo and groups, rebels, organized crime and terrorists.
Mr. President, my delegation wishes to commend your predecessor's work in the work of the work of the work of the Commission at its fifty-seventh session, in his predecessor's predecessor, Mr. Al-Thani, Uganda.
• Decentralization of synergies
• International Institute for International Law (Uganda)
The World Bank has shown that the experience of South-South experiences in India showed that the management of the network of the network, ethics, impartiality and transparent governance of the United Nations system in the field of service, and the use of the Internet's access to the United Nations System's services and the certification system.
Calls upon States, international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to support the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action, strategies and actions for the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action;
The Union agreed that the Government's decision on self-government on self-government had been held by the Government, and the Government would take a decision on self-government and to provide a decision on the issue of self-government.
The conditions of these conditions is a primary political priority.
To that end, incentives to be taken to be strengthened.
The grant programme is based on the principle of opportunity.
The core task is to establish a system and monitoring of monitoring networks, as well as the objective, regular and accurate reports of children against children.
Human rights and development
At least one of the members of the indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples have been recognized.
In this regard, the workshop has played a significant role, including a representative of a British representative, and he said that he was able to know a genuine vision on the right to self-determination.
It should be requested that the following of the main features of the Millennium Development Goals, including UNFPA, the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the Office of the United Nations Development and Social Affairs (A) and UNIFEM (ICT) and UNIFEM.
(vii) Encourage and support cooperation between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and the Government of the United Nations, to maximize greater cooperation and cooperation with the Government to maximize the advancement of women and the advancement of women.
The discussions discussed how the WTO has been able to develop the negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China expressed the support made in the meeting to address these issues, in particular in particular measures to enhance competitiveness, diversification and diversification of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings of the United Nations and the first meeting of the Working Group on Latin America and the Caribbean, which was held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial authority, Indonesia has requested the Agency to report on suspicious transactions and to provide administrative sanctions for the implementation of the provisions of the report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and analysis of national countries and recognize the need to meet the needs of regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives, as well as to meet the needs of the regional initiatives.
This is a decision of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director provides that the Executive Director, in accordance with article 3 of the Council, provides that the Executive Director is responsible for the establishment and guidance of the General Assembly, as well as the establishment of the technical services and financial services.
Ways and means of peaceful cooperation in outer space
Costa Rica
The provisions of the registration of the registration of outer space objects in the Registration Convention shall be applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years, the views of States parties have been made, but it is not possible to explore new bridges in the ground.
His delegation hoped that a international consensus on this issue would be the need to vote to vote, if necessary, to support Belgium.
We therefore believe that the Security Council formally heard the views and recommendations made by the General Assembly in the report of the Council.
We hope that the General Assembly will provide useful feedback to the Council to improve their work in the future.
Annual year
Implementation and implementation of the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern at the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Takes note of the third meeting of the Preparatory Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the Review Conference of the Parties to the Review Conference, and the fourth meeting should make every effort to submit a report to the Review Conference, and the report of its previous sessions, and the results and results;
A/57/755, A/57/575 and Corr.1 and A/577.
Welcomes the signing or accession of ratification or accession to the Convention, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team visited the construction of the plant, and asked the issue of the construction of the oil plant, which has resulted in the construction of the construction of the oil industry, in some parts of the natural capital of the North of the Northern region.
The Government of Colombia supports the Government's efforts to control its territory to defend the sovereignty of national sovereignty, in combating drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthening the strengthening of justice and corruption in armed conflict and armed conflict.
Australia
See A/58/219.
The present chapter discusses the process of the process and the potential of some potential ideas in the general guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested to develop a comprehensive guidelines on the basis of a intergovernmental working group.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, in accordance with articles 55 and 46 of the Charter of the United Nations, is the principle of international cooperation for international law, as well as international cooperation for international law, to achieve sustainable economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible to ensure the use of the acquisition of air assets in order to monitor the application of the contract contract in order to ensure compliance with the application of the contract contract; ensuring compliance with the establishment of a fixed-year arrangement; and the liaison of the local authorities in the field of air control, the maintenance of information and services;
Notes
At its resolution 56/15 of 19 December 2001, the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/155, of 18 December 2002, the Secretary-General requested the Secretary-General to strengthen international cooperation in the field of human rights in the field of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States.
However, in this regard, it was cautioned that, in order to obtain the consent of States, the right to special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors must be appropriate.
The Chairman made a statement by the Chairman at its 1st meeting (see A/AC.109/2004/SR.1).
Invites the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the most important problems of developing countries, many of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island small island Territories, are particularly difficult in the area of small island island States, such as those of these factors, such as natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters, the lack of access to natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters, the lack of access to natural disasters, the risk of natural disasters and the heavy financial burden of natural disasters.
I would like to say that this seminar is a genuine hope for the people of the Pacific, and that the United Nations will be able to participate in a more durable solution to the role of the administering Powers.
In particular, the Committee is particularly important for the representative of the United Nations, who said that the work of the Special Committee, which had been entitled by the work of the Special Committee, was the success of the human rights.
These activities have a range of effects, and most highlight the best use of resources for resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power plants, monitoring and skills.
The State of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo
As well as the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, the rural livelihoods of agriculture cannot be maintained, and the return to the return of millions of refugees have increased.
With regard to the second index, Member States assessed the number of Member States, but the number of Member States, in the end of 2002, is more than $8.8 million in the end of 2002.
Mexico noted that the national strategy for development and sustainable development is a strategy for the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people have seen violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support for the water supply system in El Geneina and the camps in the near-house areas of the camps.
Support of groups
Latin America
Emphasizes the importance of the entry into force of the Convention and the entry into force;
The participation of gender-based forest management is not needed to take into account the needs and priorities of gender equality, and will ensure that women's own rights and rights have access to the use and rights of women, and to ensure that women can benefit from forest resources.
Draft report of the Second Meeting of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference on the preparations for preparations for preparations
Article 8
Step 13: Further verification of further verification capabilities to ensure that all parties comply with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby build and maintain a nuclear world.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The non-American Association of American Non-American Organizations said that discrimination in the administration of justice are not a poverty, which was not a problem of poverty, as a result of the human rights system.
Responsibility of the Movement against Crime and Promotion and Promotion of the World Declaration of the World World
The United Nations will do so to assist the Secretariat and its Government to implement the road map, and to build peace.
“25. The need to further consider the question of the rights of the rights under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the need for further elaboration of the rights of judicial proceedings and to further develop the progress made by States parties to implement the rights of the Covenant,
It was also pointed out that the time for a general period was not a breach of the right to security and that there was a need for a certain exceptions to the right to a security right, rather than the time that there is a need for a security right.
In accordance with Chapter VII of the rules of procedure, several recommendations were made.
A independent assessment of projects and programmes agreed from both and donor agreements.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy to bring the economic and long-term impact of the Israeli economy.
Coordination, programme and other issues
Combined second periodic report of the Fourth Committee (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there were 35 women in the Parliament, but there was no commitment to the Government of Cuba, and that all of the Muslim countries have been successful; and all women were able to share.
Provisional agenda for the Sixth Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the Palestinian town in the Gaza Strip, killing of Palestinians and destruction of the Palestinian people, including those of those.
States are unwilling to freeze or acquire a tangible asset to the issue of the issue of a tangible asset.
There were a number of individuals who have been known by the three individuals.
It is also possible to control the number of individuals who are listed in the world, and they are able to continue to work in their own business assets and to avoid the implementation of measures to avoid the implementation of resolution 1390 (2002) or 1455 (2003).
It seems to be expected that there is a need for the need to move.
The unique form and causes of HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa, as well as the security of Iraq, will be determined by the United Nations to define the humanitarian role and responsibilities of the United Nations.
The present report provides progress in the areas of implementation and international support, and challenges and obstacles to the challenges of NEPAD.
Guam is a free-money-free State to facilitate the production of the manufacture of the manufacturing.
The development of the status of Kosovo's future status will depend on the positive results of the review.
The Government of the Republic of the Republic of Serbia made a statement that the present form of documents was not acceptable, and the United Nations Serb leaders will be able to maintain.
Now, we need to support these mechanisms to provide the necessary resources.
What can be demonstrated to define resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable law and other law, as well as the concept of the original standard system, would be deleted as a means of this important document?
The rural population and local communities are now recognized as well as a result of the scope of forest issues, and the different values and benchmarks.
The institutional capacity of the implementation of the implementation of the Programme is to improve the effectiveness of the country's work and to improve the effectiveness of country programmes: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Georgia, the Syrian Palestinian Territory, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
b Including the proposed support budget for the United Nations Trust Fund for Fund and other resources, as well as other resources for the Trust Fund for the Trust Fund (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.55 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The President of the General Assembly, which was headed by the General Assembly, has been able to live in the capital of the capital, and more than one of them, the Palestinian Authority, and the closure of the closure of the Palestinian Court, has been held by the Constitutional Court.
These sanctions have entered into force on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo (Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
Tuesday, 6 and 21 September; 6 and 27; 14 October; 18 and 31; 28 and 31; 28 and 31 November; 25 and 27; 25 and 27 March 2003; 25 and 27 March 2003; 25 and 27 March 2003; 25 and 27 March 2003; and 27th; 25 and 24 March 2003; and 24 and 24 July 2003;
(The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection was held on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban on the travel ban, which had been held on the list of the travel ban, which had been submitted to the names of the names of the names of the ship.
The following countries to the list of sponsors are the following:
Recommendation 8 (a)
Since the end of the cold war since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but, while other countries have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, which are a increasingly serious problem in the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation would support a small and diplomatic negotiations to address the crisis.
On 31 July, the Thai Fund had been fully funded by the International Monetary Fund.
In this future, Thailand is working to their efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) Prevention of members of terrorist groups;
2-13 March 2004
This phase will be completed in the first quarter of 2005.
Organizations
UNAMI's main role of UNAMI will lead to the deployment of operations in Iraq, and the support of the United Nations agencies in Iraq and the coordination of the United Nations agencies and to provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraphs 1 (b) and 1390 of resolution 1267 (1999), the sanctions of the sanctions and other financial assets and other financial resources of the list of individuals and entities shall be credited to any other financial or financial resources, including those who have been designated or indirectly, or to ensure that any other other funds or resources have been made or indirectly in the country or to ensure that any other funds or resources are provided or indirectly in the country.
The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina has been addressed.
The implementation of the plan will contribute to the collective aspirations of democracy, not only in the relations between occupation and domination, and in the relations between all non-cultural relations.
We believe that the United Nations must promote and strengthen global democracies and democracy to create a important role in ensuring peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the region is not to create a full employment of employment to increase the economic growth of each year.
2003
One solution is to set out that the diplomatic protection of diplomatic protection and protection of human rights is essential, but must be adopted by the adoption of a general decision on the basis of the rule of law or the decision of arbitration, which must be guaranteed by a special system.
His delegation believed that the best option would be the responsibility of the United Nations to assume the liability of the military liability.
The topic on the use of transboundary harm on the loss of loss of transboundary harm caused by transboundary harm, as well as the continuation of the draft articles on the prevention of the topic, is a reasonable remedy.
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) The economic and financial crisis of the biennium will continue to increase sustained growth in the biennium.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: discussions on the issue of trade and environmental development in Singapore, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, discussed the discussion on this issue.
Expresses its concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources in Africa, particularly in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the convening of the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue in the public sector and civil society.
(Signed) E.E. Ms. Fina, the Department of the Interior, the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (in Arabic)
They also stressed the need for the need to address outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW and to provide the way for a effective, full and non-discriminatory approach to the Convention.
Developing countries are likely to focus on several SMEs.
As indicated in the report, UNOPS completed the implementation of the recommendations.
The open debate on these issues are also a broad impact.
The national forest programme project project project has been hosted by FAO and has received the support of many donors and developing countries.
In the second round of balloting on the second round of balloting, Poland has made two thirds of the two two thirds of the Council, elected the Council of Economic and Social Council, on 1 January 2004.
Annex II
Note by the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Approves the recommendation of the Committee, as well as in the context of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its forty-third session, taking into account the situation of all States, particularly in developing countries,
Any person or entities of the United States in the jurisdiction of the United States have been found in the absence of the freezing of assets and/or criminal penalties for the list of individuals and entities who have been established in the territory of the United States.
Does your country may have a list of the names of the listed of the list of the listed in the border?
- Act No. 4 of the Act on Prevention of Prevention of Money Laundering (e.g. the case of money-laundering.
Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Convention shall be invited to inform the COP to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the COP.
The impact of the economic impact of the Decade
The Ministry of Kenya is intended to strengthen the strengthening of the general management of waste management and other waste management activities, including waste collection.
Belize indicated that the sea increase a more than 90 per cent of the coastal zone, thereby threatening the water supply of the population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore joined the International Court of Justice to address the dispute of the international sovereignty of Al-South and South-South disputes.
In view of this view, it is currently being necessary to address the situation in order to improve the conservation and management of fisheries, and to ensure that it is a long-term extension of the world, and to ensure that the World Summit on Sustainable Development would be extended to the World Summit on Sustainable Development, and urges the international community to achieve the level of sustainable fish in the production of the world.
In 2002, the Global Fund approved the item entitled “Support for the International Environment Programme for the Marine Environment of the Marine Marine Environment of the Sea.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultations
The Special Rapporteur has received several reports to investigate the armed conflict in Colombia, mainly with the use of drug cartels, but also, as well as the use of private and private companies.
Secondly, any amendments to the Convention on the Elimination of Acts of Racial Discrimination and the International Covenants on the Elimination of Acts of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, as well as the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
In the context of the country, a new strategic framework for the development of poverty and the fight against poverty has been developed in the country, as well as in the country.
This dialogue is a major step in the stabilization and implementation of Kosovo's Kosovo and the Stabilization Process process.
My Government supports its support.
Item 128
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait provided a wide range of support and services in the country in the country.
Mr. Arari (translated): Members will be able to provide a briefing on the annual statements, and on our work.
We have also begun to be able to provide food, we believe that this is a role.
Note by the Chairman
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received a appeal to the Government of the Government of the country.
While the expertise of the academic and non-governmental organizations have also improved the expertise of many demand-reduction issues, it is important that UNDCP should mobilize expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme programme.
(Article 3
Draft Instrument for Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) Develop a strategy for the use and use of access to the use and use of access to the use and use of the use and use of ICT and the use of information and software technology, as well as the cost of the cost of information and software technology;
At its 7th meeting, the Committee heard the introductory statement made by the representatives of UNCTAD, Technology and Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant expressed that the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Summit was provided to identify the use of the needs of the various needs.
Other participants considered that the Commission was held in the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit, as well as to the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4/4, and that the mandate of the UNEP approach to SAICM management strategies should also be included in a detailed manner, including the review of coordination coordination.
He said that some companies have been involved in capacity-building in the training of training workers to ensure that the best use of technology should be available, but that such activities require adequate political and legal frameworks.
This would be further promising.
In addition, the Charter also provided a number of measures in accordance with the provisions of Chapter VII of the Security Council, in accordance with article VI of the resolution.
We need to do?
First, I would like to conclude the tragic events of 19 August, which led to Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and his colleagues in the United Nations civil servants, expressed the sympathy of Pakistan and people.
They are not only the military operation of peacekeeping operations, but also more than many other countries, as well as their economic and political arrangements.
Not all international peace and security must require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Distribution of resources in component
The programme of work should be formulated in subprogramme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
A number of African countries are concerned to the outcome of the outcome of the Committee on the Least Developed Countries on the Least Developed Countries Conference on LDCs.
Mr. Rumo (France) (spoke in French): Allow me to thank Mr. Morris, who would like to express his gratitude to Mr. Morris, who would like to express his gratitude to the Secretary-General, and I believe that the statement made by the representative of the United Nations.
The audit has been reviewed by the Board in accordance with the common audit guidelines, including the General Assembly, and shall be extended to the General Assembly in accordance with the provisions set forth in the annex.
May I consider the General Assembly to do so?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), which has entered into force in the region, and the fact that the fact that it was not formally accepted by the General Assembly at its 18th meeting, on 5 and 6 November 2003, as well as the outcome of the Conference of the United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries, including adopted by the General Assembly in Havana,
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Panel of Experts on the International Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (S/2002/136) has been issued in October 2002, which was endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) of which we have taken the issue of use of human rights and human rights in the past.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted a number of cases: Mr. Basa, and their families and their families in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, who have been subjected to the death and death of the Congolese authorities, and his wife had asked to ensure the protection of civilians.
He noted that this visit was demonstrated by the Government's efforts to strengthen cooperation in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees in detention proceedings
After one year, the United Nations adopted the adoption of the resolution on small arms, which has been adopted by the Economic Community of West African States to combat the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons and to destroy the proliferation of weapons of small arms and light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been a deliberate violation of the embargo.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
My President, Sir, we hope that the Council will be envisaged in your auspices and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We have regularly held staff and in the field of Kosovo, which has been mentioned in Kosovo, the OSCE Mission, which is part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the representative of the African Union for the interim President of the African Union and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of South Africa for my kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials of the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) attended the meeting.
“29. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, and to monitor the assessment and monitoring of national and other stakeholders, including the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the gender perspective of the Millennium Development Goals;
Germany provided its commitment to the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and the commitments made by the Economic liberalization, debt burden, debt burden and the Group of Eight countries.
His delegation also stated that the work of the Authority should be addressed to the future programme of work in order to ensure that the study in the context of the environment in the context of document ISBA/6/C/12/12.
The work of the Working Group on the Working Group on Minorities and the Minorities of the Minorities of the Working Group, which may be found in the work of the Working Group on Minorities and the Minorities of the Minorities, is likely to address the problems of minorities and minorities, which may lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group is very valuable, but it was not not only to discuss the discussion and it was intended to work in the process of work and procedures.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/581, A/58/588, A/58/127, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/581)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on international assistance and cooperation for the Central African Development Initiative (under agenda item 40 (b) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the United States of America)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003 in Geneva and the Global Forum on Information Society.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss the text of these texts.
No legislation.
I, sect.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Develop development partners to provide a high-term approach to the lack of funding and support for the financial and social support of the public sector, and the efforts of the State party.
(c) In paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 of the draft resolution to add the words “the number of Member States in developing countries and countries with economies in transition, in particular in developing countries, in transition with economies in transition or in general general representation;
Subsequently, Romania also joined the sponsors.
Several initiatives at the international level will be based on the development and adoption of a common data on a common list of data, as well as to develop a common data on a common basis.
The recent initiatives for data data for data is three three points.
The State party should ensure that the programme of compensation should be fully implemented, and the Government should pay compensation for compensation.
The adoption of the Declaration adopted by the World Trade Organization at its fourth session, held in Doha, recognized the need to accelerate the movement of the goods in the goods of transit goods, and the need to strengthen and provide technical assistance and capacity-building.
(e) Promote the objective of gender balance in all public languages and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to participate in the promotion of public and non-formal public offices in the promotion of equal and equal opportunities;
Draft resolution on human rights defenders (under agenda item 11 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of the resolutions of the General Assembly on Human Rights and the International Covenants on Human Rights and the Commission on Human Rights resolution 56/15 of 19 December 2002 and resolution 2002/3 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, the promotion of scientific progress will benefit from individuals and in respect of fundamental human rights.
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report on the report of the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The Mission, the Kosovo and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings have been attacked and killed in the course of armed conflict.
Encourages the use of new public and private sources of financing for development, which provides that these sources would not benefit in developing countries, and noting that such sources would not be appropriate to developing countries, and noting the proposals of the General Assembly in the use of the allocation of special resources for development purposes;
In accordance with the agreement reached by Kazakhstan, a international agreement on foreign and stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan, in the Republic of Kazakhstan, may be transferred to foreign or stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
It was agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must be negotiated in order to create lasting peace and allow the two Israeli parties and a independent, independent and Palestinian society to establish the principles based on the principles based on the principles of the Madrid Declaration and the Oslo, as well as the principle of peaceful coexistence between the Security Council and the Security Council.
Satellite certificates;
It also provided data and analysis and the analysis of information and the analysis of the system, which will ensure that the United Nations country team will ensure the results of the results.
The system is based on results, concise and more than UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In this case, in the context of article 31 paragraph 3 of the Vienna Convention, the provisions of which the provisions of the two parties should not apply to the relationship between two parties: “The relationship between the two parties, in which it was contrary to the relationship between the reserving State and the reserving State, the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation to the reservation and the provisions of the reservation.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III, the United Nations Development Programme on Space and Human Development, the Task Force of the Task Force is mandated to implement the comprehensive global system, particularly international cooperation, in particular international cooperation, to use the use of the use of natural disasters, disaster relief and disaster-related services, as well as to use the use of the use of the use of information in the global sector.
A total of 50 non-members of the Ministry of Conduct, such as the University of the University of the University of the University of the United Nations, including the United Nations University of Human Rights, held by the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Agenda item 57
(The unit should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Welfare and Family, and the Ministry of Social Affairs of the Ministry of Social Affairs, in order to promote the development and elimination of all forms of discrimination in all forms of discrimination, in order to promote gender equality and gender equality in all forms of discrimination.
In order to use the use of timber, coal coal and fuel, the decision No. 811 of the Government decided to adopt a “social programme” for the approval of a “Social programme” to be held by more than 100 million people.
A/48/44, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP, in addition to the cost of sharing of resources, is the development of regional disaster management strategy in the Caribbean, and to strengthen the Central Emergency Response Organization.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group in the past year included the concerns of the General Assembly in General Assembly resolution 56/201 and the compilation of the CCA and UNDAF (UNDAF).
Table 2
Rule 67 Method of application
In this regard, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “based applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following items of the following agenda:
(a) Employment of employment: a flexible approach to employment and capacity-building in different locations;
However, it was also emphasized that the number of weaknesses, such as the use and purpose of individual organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector had made more than more than the United Nations staff to the United Nations staff in duty stations.
One member of the State was convinced that the private company is not a private-profit sector, since the other sectors of the sector included that the number of activities of the population should not be employed.
Most members welcomed the proposed revision of the classification of duty stations.
While the members of the Committee and the organizations of the working group of the Working Group, it was suggested that the use of other data collection methods should be used by the members of the Working Group, and that data collection data should be conducted in some cases, but that data collection data should be considered in some cases, but that the local police survey should be considered as a useful or necessary approach.
Afghanistan, Angola, Armenia, Australia, Australia, Belarus, Belgium, Iceland, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ecuador, Romania, Romania, the Republic of Korea, Ecuador, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the
(i) Advisory services: the Mission's request to provide capacity-building in support of capacity-building, strengthening the strengthening of national national mechanisms to enhance the development of women's development and to promote the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
General Assembly Documents
[States] The general insolvency law should recognize that the application of the application of the application of the application of the obligation to be made by the State party or in the financial and financial market, as well as a net or net factor in the application of the State's or financial markets.
With regard to the cost of compensation for these costs, the cost of the cost and valuation of these costs, the Panel finds that the Panel has been referred to in paragraph 11 of the first report of the First “E4” Report of the first instalment of the First “E4” Report of the First Committee, which was not reflected in paragraph 11 of paragraph 11 of the first report of the First Committee, which is not reflected in the same requirements.
A number of proposals have been discussed in the next report and in the preparation of a international commercial forum and in the Monterrey Conference and discussed these proposals.
There was a need to know the need to share experiences.
However, Algeria intends to accede to the international legal law of human rights in 1989 and after the transformation of the country party.
There are a substantial calm in a more calm, which resulted in a decline in the streets, but that the movement of the movement of the “wowal” movement remains often often often often often often being subjected.
- Nigeria has made their willingness to provide a secondary medical facility;
It is estimated that more than 5 per cent of cluster munitions have been launched or fired by the launch, they have been able to be used in the ground.
Assessment of the work of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator of the Second Global Environment Facility (DP/20033)
(b) The amount of compensation for the amount of compensation to the General Union
Takes note of the activities carried out by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in its activities in the world;
The Forum recommended the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, to cooperate with Governments and to cooperate with Governments in cooperation with indigenous peoples, in consultation with indigenous peoples, in consultation with indigenous peoples, in order to address the rights and exploitation of children, child prostitution and sexual exploitation, and urged States to take their own rehabilitation programmes.
The Forum recommended the experience of UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, UNDP, UNDP, UNFPA, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments, as well as in collaboration with the United Nations agencies, as well as in collaboration with indigenous peoples, as well as the participation of indigenous children and young children in 2004.
The Forum recommended the report of the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UNHR), to prepare and participate in the Forum's dialogue in the field of policies and programmes in the field.
At the same meeting, on behalf of the States and organizations of the United Nations, statements were made to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), Mr. Kakaka Kakaka, Ms. Kakia, the People's Rights of the People's Indigenous Peoples; the People's Democratic People's Republic of Korea; the World Development Organization of the People's Republic of Korea;
Introduction
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, which has signed the Treaty.
In the urban security, the Office of the Office of the National Police of the National Police of the National Police has been upgraded.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations International Fund for Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
These costs are included in all expenditure: consultants ($5,000 ($5,000), travel ($1,000) and miscellaneous supplies, equipment and equipment ($500,000).
In addition, in recent years, the number of investigations in recent recent investigations have been conducted by UNMIK and the United Nations Logistics Mission in East Timor, which are being implemented in the Mission.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the implementation of the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the Suppression of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, on 10 November 1995, and calls upon States parties to comply with the obligations set forth in these agreements, and expressed its intention to review the implementation of the Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the Force of SFOR in order to ensure the effective management of the stability of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as to ensure the effective management of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns Israel's destruction of thousands of thousands of thousands of mines in Lebanon, and it has continued to continue to continue and continue to reduce the loss of large material.
Reaffirms the relevant relevant resolutions of the Conference of the Islamic Conference,
Recalling the resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this subject, particularly in particular its fifth session of the World Summit on the Least Developed Countries, as well as the general provisions of the Beijing Declaration adopted by the Summit at its twenty-fourth session,
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on the follow-up to the implementation of the present resolution and to report on the thirty-first session of the International Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Concerned that multilateralism in arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament in the field of disarmament and disarmament is to recognize the threat of international peace and security to threaten international peace and security to threaten international peace and security and undermine the basis of the confidence of the international security system;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea on the situation of the Republic of Azerbaijan;
Resolution 1-1
Recognizing the challenges posed by the world in the world's integration and integration of globalization and integration, and strong economic groups, as well as the challenges posed by the world,
Taking into account the economic difficulties of the free market economy,
Recalling its resolution 29/9/9 of the Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference,
Acknowledging that the Charter of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference is aimed at efforts aimed at promoting the objectives and principles of the Islamic Heritage and the principles and principles of the Islamic Heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of the Seminar.
Calls upon the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations bodies, to increase a positive scientific study on the ground and its impact on the economic and social impact of the region and to protect desertification in their territory.
At the thirty-first session of the International Conference of Foreign Ministers, held in the Islamic Republic of Iran, held in Tehran from 27 to 30 May 2003 (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue)
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
The acquisition of concession
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan has issued a letter on 9 March 2003 (decision 10/3/3 of 9 March 2003); and stressed the need to implement the implementation of article 9 of the Act on Money Laundering (No. 28), and the provisions of the provisions of a formal document on money-laundering in the form of a formal document.
The preliminary report provides a important framework for preventing the legal and practical issues of use of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Commission on Human Rights provided protection for indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted 12 protocols, which has expanded the general guarantees of non-discrimination.
Noting the rapid increase of the global road traffic, injury and the number of people,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected the Vice-President (Belgium) and Mr. Jean-A-Apent (Belgium), Vice-President, on 27 January 2003.
The organization of the delegation of China on the development of the global public public health capacity (item 61) (item 61) will be held on 19 September 2003 from Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the drafting of constitutional drafting and the current new constitutional process, and stressing the need to ensure that the new Constitution of Afghanistan must be the new constitution of Afghanistan and to ensure that women fully participate in the process of the Constituent Assembly and the Constituent Assembly of the Constituent Assembly;
The Council welcomed the progress made in implementing the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed its satisfaction with the Government of the Government of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Korea and expressed its appreciation to the Government of Ethiopia and ECOWAS, and again expresses its appreciation to the efforts of the Government and ECOWAS forces in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Role of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President of the transitional and Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo was sworn in the same day, and the Government of the Government was sworn in a referendum on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council made that the Government should intensify its efforts to strengthen the African Armed Forces and the police of Sierra Leone, as well as the capacity of the Security Council in order to ensure security, and that the Security Council should take special attention to the strengthening of the United Nations system in the field of peace, peacebuilding and reconciliation, and that the United Nations system should take special attention to the strengthening of the United Nations system in the field of peace, peacebuilding and reconciliation, and that the United Nations system should take special attention to the strengthening of the United Nations system in the field of peace, peacebuilding and reconciliation, and that the United Nations system should take special attention to the full deployment of the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding and reconstruction of the African Union, and that the United Nations system should take special attention to the full deployment of the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding and reconciliation of Sierra Leone; and (d) the United Nations system, in order to ensure that the United Nations system in the field of peace and reconciliation;
The delegation of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed with the view that the exchange rate rate would not be avoided, and that the actual vacancy rate of non-post posts would not be avoided, and that the actual vacancy rate of non-post posts was based on the actual vacancy rates for 2002, but that expenditure was based on the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to address the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in particular particular attention to extrajudicial executions, arbitrary executions or arbitrary executions, or to prevent further deterioration of such cases.
The Special Rapporteur is particularly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“On the circumstances of article 19 of the draft article 19, Haiti, after the end of article 19 of the draft article, it was clear to make a vote to participate from the Committee on Contributions.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Further reaffirms the Declaration on Principles of the International Principles of Principles for Friendly Relations and Cooperation in the Charter of the United Nations,
The number of troops of the Mission have been a integral part of the total United Nations military, demobilization, reintegration and reintegration centres of the United Nations.
In addition, the deployment of military contingent-owned contingent-owned contingent-owned equipment is required to provide the capacity of a contingent-owned unit in any area of operation.
The fight against terrorism is essential to promote understanding and tolerance among civilizations and to eradicate poverty and tolerance, and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nii (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the Czech Republic, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Estonia, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland and Slovenia, and Ukraine, and Ukraine, made a statement.
I would also like to extend your predecessor's predecessor's predecessor's predecessor — France, which is very difficult.
It is regrettable that there is a serious threat to the lives of the world in the world, as a result of the recent number of lives of more than 120 people, such as the fact that such acts are a serious and very difficult way, and that we have become a serious global problem, and that we have become more effective and effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community recognizes the seriousness of the problem.
We are working to the CTC to seek guidance and guidance to the United Nations and non-members of the members of the United Nations.
This situation has also been seen to understand the political considerations of the parties, which may also be regarded as a motive for a positive or systematic impact of the Government.
Commission on Human Rights
• The coordination of the relevant bodies of the relevant bodies to facilitate the issues and questions referred to in these bodies and to provide information on the following issues;
Section 1: What is the social capital, policy, and the development of the United States Statistics Division:
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the most overwhelming majority of the EU's EU has not received the legal rules of the data on data data, but some of some countries have been used to apply to the electronic environment in the electronic environment.
The Office would clarify the information of suppliers in the suppliers to determine the message and whether the addressee is able to provide the message and whether the addressee is able to provide the identification of information on the ground.
It should be noted that the Model Law does not address the responsibility of the law as a result of the legal responsibility of the United Nations system.
The Heads of Arab States, inter alia,, inter alia, supports the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation and Ukraine, on 26 April to commemorate the International Day for the Prevention of Crime and Children.
I now give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation, Mr. Nudi, Ambassador of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report, containing the understanding of the draft articles on the property of States and its property (see annex I) and the understanding of the draft articles on the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Relations between the International Relations of Consular Relations, article 41 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, provides that all individuals are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country.
All funds from the UNFCCC Trust Fund will be used to participate in the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Social activities are a way to create the ongoing process of the world.
• Government provided services;
I would urge the Council to urge the Council to implement the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement to establish the establishment of a national human rights decision and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is now to ensure full and clear attention to victims of victims.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be invited to visit the country to the end of September.
For example, MONUC has worked with the parties to establish the role of the Transitional Transitional Transitional Government in the context of human rights.
More progress has been made far far far, in particular the refugees of Afghanistan living in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Report of the Chairman on the general debate of the general debate (10 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will wish to consider the report on the consultations to discuss the issue and to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, at its seventeenth session and at its seventeenth session, considered the request of the Government of Croatia to consider the request for the activities of the Government in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the secretariat of the Secretary-General to fully utilize the secretariat of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to fully utilize the mechanisms of the United Nations system, as well as to the Secretariat of the United Nations High Commissioner for International Development, and to provide a comprehensive report on the success of the International Conference on Financing for Development, and to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, including the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus;
d Africa should not be allocated to two permanent seats, and two seats should be allocated to the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I am particularly reminded to pay attention to the urgent appeals of UNRWA to provide important services to the Palestinians of hundreds of Palestinians.
The Division will provide more technical interpretation on the scale of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation for the Government of Cuba, and thanks to its readiness to facilitate the opening of the COP to be held in Havana and for the generous assistance of the Conference;
In addition, the Israeli occupying forces killed two years of the two years of the two years of the two years of the Palestinian boy, Al-Lar Al-Qh, and that they have killed the village of the town of the village.
In some cases, the level of recruitment is less high-level in the period.
In the preparation of a plan of work, the assessment of rapid deployment of the deployment process, namely planning and recruitment, the implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Extradition and mutual assistance may have a certain extent to the legal law?
(d) (e) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to consider discussions with non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations within the framework of its second periodic report.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is responsible for the decision of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 48th meetings, held on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that, in accordance with paragraphs 16 and 17 of the report of the Secretary-General, the amount of $80,000 dollars in the amount of the financial period for the period ended 30 June 2002, in which Member States agreed to increase the balance of the balance in the amount of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, and in accordance with the provisions of the above above,
Documentation
The Security Council and the Security Council have responded to the country.
Chairman: Mr. Nikkk (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 November, the United States of America has been able to take discriminatory measures in the territory of the territory of the United States, or the State of the United States, as well as the other forms of discriminatory measures.
No.
The term “electronic record” was intended to be the meaning of its meaning.
Question: The application of electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, Pakistan ordered a number of young women who were killed by a one of the murder.
In the resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system, aimed at establishing a comprehensive and comprehensive process of disarmament.
The Government of the Palestinian people and the Government of the Republic of Korea is very concerned that war is not a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq, and that there are no humanitarian humanitarian crisis to the people of Iraq.
It is absolutely important to emphasize that the international community in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), the international community that the Middle East is not not only in the Middle East, but must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement measures in the national and international levels should include the content of gender equality and corruption in various occupational professions.
The Committee is first at the first time focused on the composition of members of the Committee, working methods, working work and reporting reports, and subsequently adopted the terms of reference.
A new challenge and threats.
Mexico reiterates its conviction that the United Nations is fully trust, as well as other means of peaceful coexistence and other means of peaceful coexistence, as well as to strengthen international disputes in the current impasse, as well as to address international disputes to international disputes.
In this process, we are not only to verify verification mechanisms and strengthen its ability to implement the important tasks — namely to the scourge of war.
This is the fact that the United States of America received the allegations of the United States in many countries, which did not agree with the United States in many countries — or as a matter of reference to the concept of cooperation in Iraq?
The present report discussed the International Decade for the Eradication and Promotion of South-South cooperation to promote and promote South-South cooperation in the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, particularly in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC inspection team
The EU reaffirmed the adoption of the General Assembly entitled by the General Assembly entitled “Principles of disarmament in practical disarmament measures” (resolution 57/81).
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit consists of 11 posts, three of the Professional Service and three General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the work of the project should be the highest priority and should be completed to avoid the negative impact of the work and project of the Fund.
The Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues of the Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene a expert expert meeting on FDI and development.
This is particularly important in the budget and other considerations.
(Signed) Ms. Mudia L. Ms. Lena G. Ms. Larar
It is important that the maintenance and maintenance of a cost-effective-effective cost of equipment and equipment, as well as the lack of effective coordination at the global level of technical research and development, and the importance of ensuring greater coordination in this area, and encourages the importance of promoting more more and more progress in this area, and encourages the promotion of international, national and national technical cooperation.
Step
The full text of the views are available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/socdev/d/d.htm.
“On the situation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, especially in the country, recalled that the Council has consistently unequivocally condemned these activities and that the Council has consistently condemned these activities, which is a major element of the conflict, and reaffirming the need to stop the activities of armed groups, trafficking and other actors involved in the armed groups and other actors, as well as the necessary pressure on the prevention of all actors,
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in the world's export exports had increased from 7 per cent of the world's twenty-first century in the twenty-first century.
• Report of the Council on Investment and Technology for Investment and Technology
In its twenty-seventh session, the Council noted that Colombia had declared a preliminary announcement on the intention of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development in Geneva in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of the Network's web Information Network, as well as information on lessons learned on lessons learned, existing expertise and expertise.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
The dispute's dispute and issues should be resolved through peace and mutual respect to peace and mutual respect.
In the context of the current international environment, such measures have been taken to strengthen international relations and international cooperation in the field of trade, and to increase all laws, guidelines and guidelines between countries between countries and other countries.
All these areas have the major impact of the embargo, since although there are many restrictions, such as education and cultural education, as well as the priority areas of Cuba.
Despite the lack of resources, Cuba has continued to contribute to regional and international drug control in the field of sea and air.
Article 6 of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs provides that the measures taken by the Government in accordance with article 6 of the Constitution provides that the right to the right to be provided in article 13 (1) of the Constitution of the International Criminal Code of Human Rights is the right to provide the right to privacy, the right to privacy or communications of any person, or the right to provide any person or search of any person or search.
The total claim of 352 claims in the first part of the last instalment is to be converted to 2,284,845,22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
