I would like to emphasize that we will continue to cooperate with them.
Note by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President of the President stated that the Conference had agreed to consider the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and other meetings.
Thailand
In paragraph 6 of paragraph 6 of the Committee, the Committee decided that the Committee should be able to make a reasonable justification to the State party, particularly in the territory of the territory of the State, particularly in the context of the human rights and fundamental freedoms, including discrimination, and the Committee's attention.
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly decided to consider its consideration of the item at its fifty-seventh session.
Name of objects
These are included in the preparation of the inventory database, including the database of the database, and in collaboration with the joint database, and in collaboration with the number of data.
The joint network of the system is a joint network of UNEP, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Commission on Science and Cultural Cooperation (Council the Organization).
A number of programmes for the total number of children, which had been developed in the total number of children, which had been developed, but only of the programme of HIV and HIV/AIDS programmes, but only the use of beneficiaries.
Uruguay*
He rejected his husband's refusal to recognize the disease's disease.
In order to investigate the perpetrators of the accused, the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused is not to be investigated by the accused, such as the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused.
Since July 1999, he had been able to hold the activities of the law.
The present report will be submitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the Committee on the Rights of the Child, which is the final nature of the Working Group's view to the question of the nature of the provisions of the State party in the case of the State party.
The Ministers of Arab States stressed the importance of the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in the political process, and the Organization's attention to the United Nations and other regions of the League of Arab States and the League of Arab States in the Security Council.
We are particularly concerned to address the issue of health care in the armed Armed Forces.
China welcomes the ongoing measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in the implementation of the Security Council resolutions, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council, and the Special Adviser on HIV-AIDS, which had taken a series of positive measures.
During the regular regular session of the Commission, the United States of America received the Secretary-General's letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America to the United States in its letter dated 20 May 2003 “the “Fil” of the United States Commission on Human Rights.
In such circumstances, the necessary measures should be necessary to ensure that the protection of persons is necessary to ensure their rights.
The Netherlands, Mauritius, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was expressed that there was a need to be made in the absence of the right to the creditor's right to the right of the creditors, which would not be sufficient to determine the process of the political status.
The College also further further use of information technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff of the University of the College were trained in the period.
IMO of IMO
Office of the Office
The report shows that the University of the University has been strengthened to strengthen cooperation between the United Nations system and the United Nations system in its activities.
The SBI agreed that the provisions of article 7, paragraph 7 of the Convention should not affect the action taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of States Parties, which is a member of the European Community and its member States of the European Community and its member States and its member States on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the efforts of the subsidiary bodies of the two subsidiary bodies, and the Secretariat to continue to continue its efforts to promote the meetings of the members of the members of the members of the Bureau of Finland.
In accordance with the Trial Chamber on 2 November 2001, the President of the Trial Chamber, Mr. Kjić, Mr. Kjić (Germany) and Mr. Kjjjjjz, Mjjjz, Mjjz, Mjjz.
Mr. President, my delegation is very pleased to congratulate you to congratulate the Disarmament Conference on Disarmament.
Member States of the Inter-American Movement
Guyana and Sri Lanka: amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of compensation to the claimant should be paid to the same amount of compensation in the amount of USD 107,867, of the amount of compensation for the amount of USD 399,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,869,86 and 1667, respectively.
Annex I
Mr. Bare (Switzerland) (spoke in French): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for the presidency of the Security Council.
Mr. Mouo (France): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union on behalf of the European Union.
In order to maintain the fact of the Tribunal's Tribunal, the fact of the Tribunal and the 1980 and the 1980 of the International Court of Justice for the Prevention of Crimes and the Prevention of Crimes in the Sudan in the context of the Convention on the Prevention of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
While we believe that you would be able to avoid the international treaties of the Rome Statute, but we remain convinced that the members of the Council should continue to address the dialogue between the members of the United Nations and the Council, and that the members of the Council should be able to make a solution to a genuine solution to a genuine solution.
At the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly considered the importance of the international community to promote disarmament and disarmament in the field of disarmament and disarmament”, as well as the international community, as well as the international community.
It is hoped that the commencement of fissile disarmament negotiations for the commencement of fissile disarmament negotiations, which will like to recall that there is a number of documents in which it would be held in this regard.
It is also possible that other United Nations agencies and other aid providers are required to ensure the cost of buildings and premises, as well as the maintenance of the United Nations, which is a source of source of income in Somalia.
In order to facilitate the work of the Somali fisheries in Somalia, there is a number of major funding to the Government of the region in order to make a number of private groups in the past 10 years in order to provide a number of resources in the past 10 years in the past 10 years.
Paragraph 4: “The purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of a person or the use of action, or to facilitate the provisions of the provisions of the specific provisions, including the provisions of the specific provisions of the law.
At the same time, international cooperation on the basis of the financing of money-laundering action is also established.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Disabled Persons: draft resolution on the twenty-first century: draft resolution on the twenty-first century (Third Committee)
On 9 October 2003, a Israeli reconnaissance reconnaissance aircraft overflew the north of the north of the north of the north of the north of the north of the north of the north of the north of the north-west farmlands in the area of the north of the sea.
- The constitutional Constitution adopted by the referendum.
National efforts in the national sector
• The Ministry of Korea, Myanmar and the University of Myanmar is not eligible for a doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the United Nations and the Charter of the Organization on the Strengthening of the United Nations (continued)
However, in recent years, the implementation of the Convention's Convention, the implementation and implementation of the Convention is still difficult, and it cannot not be sufficient to respond to a more increase of peacekeeping operations.
In the light of the draft resolution, developing countries are still under the negotiations.
(g) Measures to prevent money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(b) The least developed countries in Latin America and the Caribbean
Annex
In addition to men and men, the unemployment rate of age is highest.
Samoa in Samoa and the public system, and the system of the public system will provide access to services.
In addition, health services should be given to the concept of “human health”, and positive dialogue with a view to the health of health.
A important aspect of women's participation is women, particularly in small areas.
At the same time, the trend in marriage is changing the age of women's age in the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
M. M. Maaa, Ministry of Youth, Youth, Youth
My delegation reiterates that the rule of procedure of the General Assembly must comply with the provisions of the Security Council and the constitutional framework.
We hope that, in order to establish the process of the process of the mandate, the process of the process process will help to ensure that it would be able to ensure that a solution to the status of Kosovo in Kosovo.
However, we believe that additional measures have been made in paragraph 21 of this resolution, which would be able to assist the situation.
The high rate rate is likely to reduce the impact of the potential.
At its resolution 578 of 3 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the necessary resources for the Office of the United Nations to continue to continue the resources for the work of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, in particular the resources for the work of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, in particular the work of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, in particular the work of the United Nations Commission on Great Britain's Rights and to develop the work of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in the field of the question of the Palestinian rights of Palestine, including through the United Nations Office on Human Rights.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States of America has been the United States of America in southern America, and the United States of America of the United States of Great Britain's Republic of Korea, and the United States of America on 8 June on the “A””” in the “D”””.
Reaffirming that the principles of the Charter of the United Nations and other international law and other international law, as well as the principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the region of the Middle East in all multilateral disarmament and non-proliferation aspects of disarmament and non-proliferation in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation in the region;
The results of the global and regional levels in the global and regional levels is established.
However, they have not been limited to the lack of existing indicators.
As a result of the sub-border nature of the sub-border regions, we have been made in the second part of the group, we must need to be carefully addressed.
(Signed) The Secretary-General:
Ber of the World Partnership
In addition, some participants stressed that human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment of women and women should be recognized in the context of the development of all goals.
For example, the transport of transit goods in Central Asia and the transit transport of the transit port of the region, which had been used to ensure that it had been used to ensure that they have not been used.
The second phase may be considered in the case of the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the Child (for example).
Letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
Ibid., Supplement No. 5 and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.1), chap.
(d) To investigate discrimination or harassment in the workplace, including sexual harassment or harassment, including sexual harassment or sexual harassment, including sexual or mental life.
Wages
Mr. Mff Kll
Case 42 42: MAL 26 - Germany: Germany, Germany, 2 September 1998
However, in some cases, it is necessary that it is not to be voluntary; it is not that the definition of the topic is not under the scope of the topic (see part of the law.
Recognizing also that national and regional processes and the participation of the regional and regional levels of the world, as well as in different regions of the world,
As a result, it was agreed that the contract had been agreed, but not only a contract.
With regard to interest, the Panel found that the report was contained in paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
As a result of the payment of the contract's payment of the two two contracts, the amount of each contract has been paid to the United Nations dollar.
The Panel finds that, in this case, it was evidence that the value of property property or property, property property and property, and the value of property in Iraq and Kuwait.
Recommendation
Analysis and valuation
The number of employment contracts, in addition to the application of the contract, the United States has a obligation to pay the payment of the travel of Kuwaiti employees in the period of the period, which had been paid to the claimant's payment of the payment of the payment of the claimant.
The suicide attack is still a ongoing operation.
Secondly, in Afghanistan in Afghanistan, the eradication of opium poppy and combating trafficking in Afghanistan must also be addressed in the region.
All terrorists have been used and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study shows that migrants had been a wide range of discrimination and discrimination in the workplace and in all areas of life.
In the recent recent months, the recent number of incidents of the investigation of women in Darfur, from 28 January to 30 January 2003, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in which the Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights, including a number of human rights violations, extrajudicial killings, etc.
Ibid.
In addition, approximately 11 per cent of the emergency response to the tsunami, the United Nations Development Fund and the United Nations Development Programme in the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme in Africa is a joint project.
The Government thanked the Government of the Government of the Special Representative, Mr. Harri Holkeri, and will support his work.
Developing countries can attract foreign investment, because that investment can be able to make a positive impact on the economic economy.
The programme of education will be required to increase the level of the higher level of girls, especially in the school level of girls, especially in particular education.
The role of the United Nations system in the field of capacity-building processes and a series of series of management reform will be a central role to ensure the quality and efficiency of quality and efficiency.
Support of food support in special situations
Housing and development programmes
Draft resolution A/C.6/61/L.14/Rev.1 entitled “Report of the United Nations Environment Programme for Climate Change (A/58/7/Add.2)
Since the beginning of the cluster, we will be able to verify and verify its identity.
• It is essential to use the comparative participation of the intergovernmental bodies to enable them to enable them in a more coherent and comprehensive manner, as well as the adoption of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council of the Economic and Social Council.
The South-General of South Africa continued to continue to continue to be the President of the Kimberley Process.
The Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture.
(a) Strengthening the exchange of information exchange of information and other other relevant information and other other equipment;
Concerned that all forms of forms of crime and other forms of crime, including other forms of crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any case, it may be possible to be considered by the Commission on the thirty-sixth session of the Commission on the thirty-sixth session of the Commission in Vienna on 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that the Committee is not all, teachers, teachers and parents, in particular in rural areas, and in particular in rural areas, and the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the monitoring and evaluation mechanism.
Children with disabilities
In collaboration with the ILO Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in collaboration with the International Programme of Health, ensuring the efforts to ensure the implementation and implementation of international and international legal law, to ensure that the children's work in the number of new and social law, and to ensure that the child Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Worst Forms of Discrimination against Women (No. No. No. 18 (No. 181) and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Worst Forms of Discrimination against Women (No.
The Committee recommends that the State party apply to the provisions of article 3 of the Convention, in accordance with article 3 of the Convention, in accordance with article 3 of the Convention.
(b) Providing special assistance for children's families;
The Committee welcomes the concept of the Family and Family Act ( 1998) adopted by the Commission on the Family and Family Act ( 1998) as well as the concept of child children.
A number of replies received by the questionnaire (S/ cent) had reported reports in the number of persons with disabilities in the health and evaluation evaluation.
It is also clear that the idea of the fact that it would be in the process of this process, but it is not only that it is not “in, in the course of the United Nations Office.
The Government of Slovakia believes that the mandate of the Security Council must be a comprehensive and complex concept of peace and security.
These factors are often often often to be used in the supply of water and transportation, which is one of the most causes of water and the use of greenhouse gas emissions.
Figure 7
Parties are reported to report on the measures and measures taken by the Parties.
The review of a review of the national communications of the Parties in Annex I is shown in the report of 31 March 2003 to improve the role and role of the International Conference on the Use of Financing, which is expected to be achieved in the context of the current scope of the existing mechanisms.
Norway has stated that, in a long-term term, a increase of more than 10 per cent would be reduced.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland states that they have provided data data for the national and international community.
The Parties may also indicate the quality of data.
The detailed details of the Parties is contained in section VI of section III.
Despite technical assistance, the United Nations has been reduced to the military requirements of the United Nations.
Particular attention to the needs of the Special Rapporteur will be subject to the issue of the legal, logistical and business system.
The mission will continue to be crucial to the United Nations and the region in the region of the United Nations and the region, in the context of the international Conference on the Middle East, security, security, democracy and development.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first to the Council to address the Council's briefing to address the issue of the protection of civilians in conflict in conflict.
Indeed, he is committed to all all aspects of the United Nations.
With regard to conflict and armed conflicts, my country has said that it is a important issue for the issue of the issue of the issue.
Mr. Mil (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, I would like to join you in this meeting.
The European Union appreciates its appreciation to the full commitment of the Security Council to implement the implementation of the protection of civilians in the protection of the protection of civilians in the protection of human rights.
Therefore, we must continue to emphasize that it is still necessary to take that the international community is needed to address these problems, but we will continue to be necessary to establish the security and stability of the international security forces, as well as the establishment of the new security forces in order to facilitate the ground.
The Committee began its consideration of this item item.
The situation in Ituri is the United Nations, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
I would like to express my delegation's political will to the political process.
General Assembly resolution 55/59.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would like to thank the Council's attention to the ongoing work of the Panel and the ongoing work of the Panel, as well as the Council members of the Council.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador for the work of the Chairman of the delegation of Chile and the secretariat of the delegation of Chile, and to support the team and the Secretariat to improve the efforts of the Monitoring and Secretariat of the United Nations.
We appreciate the steps taken by the Economic and Social Council to take steps to improve the effectiveness and effectiveness of sanctions measures, and to address transparency and transparency.
There is a proposal for a proposal.
I would like to refer to the meeting of a informal meeting on the use of fissile material on fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which will be part of the first meeting of the Netherlands.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Signature: Malaysia (12 December 2000)
Therefore, we believe that the international law of international law and Germany cannot not do not do so.
China appreciates the efforts made by the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General and the Economic and Social Council in West Africa to promote the efforts of the peace process in the peace process, and we call on the international community to take the international community to assist the international community to assist the United Nations.
• The data of statistical statistical statistics;
(a) Legal law, regulations or other procedures to provide the data of data; and
In the past five years, the number of surveys was confirmed by the Ministry of Statistics in the past five years, which had been held in the past five years, which had been involved in international cooperation in the past five years, and that they have been able to participate in international cooperation in the field of international cooperation, and that they are able to participate in international cooperation.
He called on India, Pakistan and Pakistan, to promote universal efforts to promote the universal efforts of nuclear States.
Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Al-Muadah
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the Convention on the United Nations Convention against Drugs and Desertification and Desertification, in particular the United Nations Convention on Climate Weapons (A/577)
The number of countries of the African Group of Africa, in particular countries in Africa, in the country's number of expenditure.
UNCTAD should continue to provide technical assistance to developing countries in developing countries.
I remind him to remind members of the General Assembly, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401,
Ms. Máo (Peru): My delegation on the draft Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women in the context of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: The representative of my delegation will wish to speak on behalf of the draft resolution, which had just voted on the vote, as well as the vote.
The Committee was thus adopted (resolution 58/104).
KFOR has attempted the illegal incidents of illegal incidents in order to prevent the illegal incidents of illegal incidents, and then then to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
UNMEE continues to be limited in the area of the area in the area of the Zone of the Zone in the area of the Zone of the Zone.
However, in the case of the case of international law, some organizations have been established by some members of the members of the members of the group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has affected its implementation of its strategy, since the fact that UNHCR's report (A/58/583, para.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be distributed in English, French and Spanish, in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be elected in accordance with article 28 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 39 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or the representative of the Secretary-General may be submitted or written written statements in accordance with the rules of procedure.
In the same sentence, two votes to vote
In accordance with the information contained in the report of the Committee or the Working Group, the Committee may request to provide information on the information provided by the State party, which may be requested to provide additional information for the submission of submission.
Meetings and meetings
Special Rapporteur on the establishment of the Working Group and the Special Rapporteur
Article 45
Decision on admissibility of admissibility
Elections to fill vacancies
The leaders of the military leaders have not been subjected to their combatants, which is committed to the troops.
This group had been arrested by the President of the President of the President of the President of the General Assembly.
In review of the review, the review of adequate quality services should continue to be provided to the Office of the Central Support Office, which should be extended to the Office of the Office of Central Support Services.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
A transactions of transactions shall be established by the procuring registry, and then in accordance with the relevant transactions of transactions.
However, in the absence of the low market market, it is estimated that the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost is available.
1 November 2002 (Amendment)
In the context of “equality” for “equality”: the provision of education for secondary schools are published in 1994.
In 2001, the Programme of Education for Women's Development Development Development Programme (II).
The Act is a comprehensive approach to all aspects of employment, including employment, employment, employment, employment, employment and training.
Consequently, the general right to the right to leave and the registration of the right to the right to the age of 18 years and the registration of birth.
The present table is contained in table II to the Fund and the cost of the requirements of the Fund's Fund, and the number of resources for children.
The Department also provides the need to provide the right to the establishment of a network of women for women's women, which has been established by the Ministry of Human Rights, in order to ensure that women's rights of women's women, and the need to be taken to prevent violence against women.
(b) To pay maternity leave for maternity leave or the benefits of social welfare, as well as the right to the right to leave;
Article 8
In order to be updated to the list of this list, it will be updated to provide the establishment of the establishment of its border control.
However, the prospects of 2003, in 2003, there is no impact on the impact of the global economy.
While the role of the people and the health of the population is a good objective, it is a very long-reaching impact in the country's country.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is to be made by the United Nations Environment Programme and Programme of Action, in chapter 5 of Agenda 21 of Agenda, which would contribute to the implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Environment Programme and the Programme of Action for the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals.
The regional Working Group on Science and Technology for Science and Technology for Space Technology and Technology in the region was held in the region.
In accordance with paragraph B of the Variant, a electronic electronic electronic instrument” to be treated as a electronic instrument, but also to the Secretary-General.
Since the beginning of the year, WHO has developed data collection data in the national health system.
In the same information, the Committee noted that the amount of savings in the amount of savings and expenditure, including the cost of the cost of the cost of equipment and expenditure, including the cost of rental, construction, construction and maintenance of equipment, including the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the acquisition of equipment, and the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the acquisition of equipment, and the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the acquisition of equipment, and the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the acquisition of equipment, and the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the
The role of microcredit is a evaluation of the development of a alternative development approach.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Trial Chamber will continue to be completed at the end of the end of the biennium to the end of the present session of the General Assembly: 12 and 13 of the Appeals Chamber, and the judgement of the Trial Chamber of the Chamber of Justice and the Chamber of the Chamber of Justice.
In addition to the conflict's conflict, there is a need for a view to the work of the Millennium Summit in the Millennium Summit, although the international community has been adopted and adopted by the international community.
Mr. Nzo (Costa Rica) (spoke in French): I have not been able to proceed with the intention of the Council, which would be able to identify the actions of our organization in the world.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General's Secretary-General's Secretary-General's attention to the concerns of our country.
Human resources management
In accordance with the criteria set out in the above procedure, it is important to ensure more monitoring of human rights policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue high-level efforts to improve and strengthen the coordination of emergency preparedness and emergency preparedness mechanisms, including humanitarian humanitarian action, in order to address the human rights violations of all human rights violations;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to ensure the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara;
During the reporting period, the Organization has changed a significant change in the United Nations and other international non-governmental organizations in the reporting period.
The Ministry of Women and Women has established its responsibilities for the development of “special programmes”.
The research of research in the media and the media of the media and the media of the media are organized.
Report of the Commission
Specific gender issues should be taken into account with specific programmes.
It is essential that we are crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 11 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
Meeting of the Asian Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that the number of tax subsidies for persons with disabilities should be adopted by the Committee on the Committee's concluding concluding concluding observations, as well as the Commission's concluding concluding observations.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights questions and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It is also more able to be able to integrate the European Union, which would be signed by the European Union and the European Union.
We welcome the efforts made by consensus in this regard.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to provide appropriate measures to raise the remedies of discrimination or ill-treatment.
The Committee notes that, despite the Constitution's constitutional and legal law, the indigenous people of indigenous people and the Afro-American Republic of Korea are still still women.
The State party should provide information on the protection of indigenous peoples in the next periodic report of the indigenous people and the use of indigenous peoples in the next periodic report, as well as to provide information on the protection of indigenous peoples.
The Committee emphasizes that the State party had obliged to support the “dit””” to provide the State party's efforts to assess and return to the family's families.
In order to improve the work of the work, the Committee requested the State party to report in its next periodic report on the case of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to take a view to the legal law in order to define the concept of the concept.
While the Committee has repeatedly been requested, Papua New Guinea, in New Guinea, the United Nations Convention on Human Rights has not been submitted to the submission of article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, which had not been submitted to the Committee.
In view of the statistics of the Government's national policy, the State party recommends that the State party to report on the status of women in the report of the report of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in its report on the report of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Committee recommends that the State party's report on the availability of public access to public public sources should be given to the Committee's observations.
Addendum
She would like to congratulate the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on his statement.
Requests the Parties to the Convention in Annex I to the Convention on the list of data and reports submitted by States Parties to the Convention in Annex I to the present list of data and reports, and to the Secretariat;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, particularly in particular, in particular the World Bank on the World Trade Plan, which has shown that it is a key area for the development of a culture of knowledge.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the role of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the President of the Permanent Representative of the United Nations High Representative for the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Belgrade.
(d) To consider the necessary need to prevent the use of weapons of mass destruction, taking into account the need to prevent the use of weapons of mass destruction;
The approach may be likely to find a strong spirit of unity, unity and commitment to the international community.
In respect of non-post expenditure, the Office for the Protection and Protection of Persons and its staff for the travel of staff, the Office of the Office of the Prosecutor and the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Internal Oversight Services;
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations of the draft agenda of the Intergovernmental Working Group on 31 January 2003 and 31 December 2003.
In accordance with the amendment to the amendment to 17 December 196 (e) of 17 December 1994, the General Assembly decided to be held in accordance with the United Nations Security Council on force of the Security Council.
Mr. Boo (Japan) (Japan) will increase the highest life of the high life (Japan) in the period from 31 December 2004 to 31 December 2004.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General on the report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation for the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 98)
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 588 of 18 December 1991, and resolution 50 of 18 December 1991, the General Assembly decided to consider the issue of the Commission's consideration of the item in the first year.
Third, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its efforts to strengthen the role of the United Nations system and programmes of the United Nations system, as well as its subsidiary bodies, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and Development.
The Task Force of the Task Force for Disaster Reduction and the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategic Plan, and has also worked with the two functions.
The Ministry of Women's Ministry of Women is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which is established by the Ministry of Women's family family.
Please indicate the selection or mechanisms of the Government of the Government of the Government to identify and investigate the relevant entities of the Taliban, such as Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida or the Taliban, or to provide assistance to those individuals, groups or entities or entities who are directly to them.
The meeting of the Conference of Experts (Guatemala) was established by the Conference.
There is no doubt that the United Nations and the African Union and the African Union and the United Nations system must also continue to be strengthened and to ensure that the financial assistance are needed to enable them in Africa and countries in Africa and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
While the country country has made a country, national policies have access to equal access to access to access to education, girls, women and girls, in particular, women and girls, in particular, to improve the impact of HIV/AIDS.
In 2005, the rate of HIV-AIDS rates in the world, 20 per cent in 2010.
A effective response to the long-term and effective response to the long-term strategy must be integrated and strengthened.
The findings of the United Nations system in the field of the United Nations system shows that it would be able to identify the experience in the national level of the evaluation of the evaluation of the country level.
These workshops and meetings were held at the meeting of the Committee and the Subcommittee on the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In this regard to this issue, the Organization's Organization's Organization, the Organization's Organization, the Organization of Trade and Development agreed that the United Nations Development Programme is a priority priority.
A new strategy to promote the collection of data, and the use of ICT programmes and programmes to address the global environmental environmental environmental environment.
As the report of the Secretary-General, progress has been made in the report of the Secretary-General in East Timor.
These agencies are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs, Department of Disarmament Affairs, United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the United Nations Office for Human Rights, the United Nations Office for Human Rights (UNHCR), the World Food Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) In accordance with its respective activities, in accordance with its respective activities in the carriage of carriage of carriage in the carriage of carriage of carriage in the carriage of carriage, the loss of loss, damage, damage or delay in the period.
The second second term was the first sentence of the second sentence.
In paragraph 10 of the A/CN.9/547, para.
OIOS has also found that it had not been able to establish a plan for the management of the management of the management of the management of management.
The Working Group's Working Group should take a view to the identification of the procedures and other cases of such countries.
I would like to refer to four points.
UNIDO should focus on the development of the developing developing countries in developing developing developing developing countries to increase productivity and production of production and production, which should be able to provide a clear approach to the development of the social responsibility of developing countries in developing developing countries, as well as to promote the development and tools of developing countries.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure of the Council, it may be sent to the present date of the present session of the General Assembly, in the date of the date of the present session of the Conference.
For the date of this document, it is not estimated that the estimates are submitted and issued.
In order to promote employment and support to the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action, ILO has developed the implementation of the International Programme of Action to assist the implementation of women's employment plan in the framework of poverty strategies.
Transport of the airport in the airport
He regrets that the Conference had not been able to reduce the export subsidies of agriculture and agricultural subsidies, which had been made by the General Assembly, in order to provide a increase of $1 billion million in the world, which would contribute to the world's population in the world, which would help in the world world.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will be new in a new-level dialogue, and to increase the international community to increase the development of development projects and projects.
At the same time, the study has been introduced to study on the Elimination of racism and racial discrimination.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the work of the Institute's work in the Ministry of Education has been implemented in the implementation of the Model Law on Law (No. 988) and the adoption of the Plan of Action, including the establishment of the National Plan of Conduct, and the establishment of the establishment of a National Plan for the conservation and protection of the conservation of the conservation and protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including the national level, including the mandate and work of the national level, and the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and requests the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, including the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;
At the same time, she also welcomed the main international efforts to implement the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Plan of Action.
She stressed the need to implement the measures made by the Ministers of Ministers of States to the national drug control strategy in 2008 and to implement the measures taken in 2008.
Announcements
She said that, in particular, the number of recommendations of the United Nations Office on Trade Cooperation and the recommendations of the International Technical Assistance Agency had been assessed, and urges the Secretariat to expedite the full implementation of the full implementation of the full implementation of the recommendations.
Further further clarification would be made to provide further clarification in the report of the report on the performance report.
The delegation of the United States hoped that the Secretariat had provided the proposed technical analysis of the proposal, and hoped that the Advisory Committee had proposed recommendations.
(b) The use of users of users in a common management system is to integrate and implement the implementation of the programme strategy.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of the following three posts: Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur, as well as the Chairman of the Subcommittee on the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged the developed countries to increase the poorest countries of ODA in developing countries, to reduce the debt burden of developing countries in developing countries, and developing developing countries in developing countries to integrate developing countries in the international and social levels of developing countries, and in the context of the world between the developed and developed countries.
In order to strengthen the cooperation between the Economic and Social Council between the Economic and Social Council, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened in a lasting basis, the United Nations General Assembly in the United Nations General Assembly in order to enhance the efforts of the United Nations General Assembly in order to enhance the security capacity of the United Nations and the security of peace.
Recalling also the relevant resolutions of the Commission on the Commission on Narcotic Drugs resolution 2002 of 24 July 2002,
The authorities of the Red Cross is also involved in the involvement of armed conflict in armed conflict, with a view to the Protocol to accede to the Protocol.
The President of the General Assembly reminded the attention of the Commission to provide a written written written written review.
The Committee noted that the report had been reported in the report of the report on the basis of the legal provisions of the Convention, but the lack of information on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and replies are contained in the report of the CERD/C/C.195.
In accordance with rule 11 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the State party urges the State party to investigate and punish the perpetrators of the complainant, and to ensure that the complainant had been investigated by 15 April 1995 and to ensure that the complainant had been established, and to the Committee, in order to inform the Secretary-General, in order to inform the Committee at its 30 days.
As he had been subjected to the right to the death of torture, his right to the right to the right to the right to the right to his right.
In accordance with the report of the International Human Rights Commission (see para. 88) (see para. 8), the State party stated that it was clear that the complainant had been able to take a view to the fact that the complainant did not have to be able to be taken by the complainant that the complainant had not been able to be taken by the complainant.
The Committee's consideration of the consideration of the Committee should be considered by the State party to prosecute the complainant's obligations to the Republic of the Republic of Torture, as a result of article 10 of the Convention, as a result of the obligation of the State, as a result of the obligation to be subjected to a person or to return to the country.
Submitted by the complainant
According to article 3 of the complainant's claim, the State party submits that the State party's State party is not unable to investigate the case of torture in the case of detention.
The Council noted that the Working Group intends to submit a substantive contribution to the review of the periodic review of the report and the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General.
The Guide could explore the scope of the scope of the insolvency law.
The Government of Equatorial Guinea has expressed its own position in the international community and forums, and the President of the President of the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of United States of America on 11 September 2001 and the President of the President of the United States of America, in New York, the President of the United States of America and the United States of America in New York, in New York, the President of the United States of America and the United States of America on 11 September 2001.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the secured creditor is a secured creditor to ensure that the secured creditor could be able to guarantee the encumbered assets of the secured creditor to protect their rights.
A alternative approach for alternative or alternative means may be required to identify the name of the secured creditor in order to avoid the debtor's claim in order to avoid the conditions of the State party.
There is a need to provide information on the exchange of information on the relationship between the parties between the parties and the parties in the context of the relationship between the parties.
However, it may be able to be able to make a right to the right to the secured creditor's obligations to the secured creditor in order to make the right to the secured creditor.
The Office of consultants provides the work of the drafting guidance and guidance guidance.
Reaffirms the need to eliminate the human rights violations of human rights and human rights violations in Vienna, in Vienna, in Vienna,
See chap. ]
Concerned that women belonging to women, women and women, women, women, women and internally displaced persons, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women, women and armed conflict
Urges States to consider the Convention against the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and two protocols to the Convention on the Smuggling of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Territory and the Prevention of Persons against Women, Especially in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Trafficking,
It is committed to the establishment of a international security environment, and to ensure that the international community is a essential security environment to ensure that the international community is a essential security of all States, and to eliminate the nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, development and development programmes used the indicators of project projects rather than the indicators of achievement.
The Americas of the Americas, 7 October 2002 and 8 October 2002 (S.S.
The information provided by Iraq has been provided in the report of Iraq, which did not have a thorough review of information.
The principle of disputes between the international community and the international community of the international community reflects the principle of the principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the Government of the United Kingdom of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of America.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a document to the United Nations document, in accordance with the documents contained in agenda item 11 of the provisional agenda of the United Nations.
The proposed estimates for the period, including the cost of the cost of computer materials.
General Assembly
Review of the Convention on the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that, in addition to the production of export liberalization, it was noted that the least developed countries and/or/or developing countries had increased to reduce their poverty in the country's poverty, which had led to the role of the State's ability to develop the role of the State's development of the development of the country.
At the plenary plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted the conclusions agreed on agenda item 2 of the agenda.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
While progress had been made in the last year, the Special Rapporteur has continued that the Special Rapporteur has continued to be implemented in the past year.
In 2003, more than more than 100 million people have been infected with HIV/AIDS, the HIV/AIDS pandemic has been infected with HIV/AIDS in the world's HIV/AIDS.
Although the HIV/AIDS pandemic is a problem of health, it is that it is increasingly increasingly aware of a development, security and human rights.
The information and knowledge knowledge can be aware of the awareness of women's concerns in the status of the status of women.
Working Group on the Protection of Liability of the International Criminal Court on the Consequences of the International Criminal Court
International law: international cooperation and expansion of the international law.
The Government has slow progress in a effective and effective system system in order to establish a effective system.
In January 2003, the number of the military defence and police force of Timor-Leste has been hampered by a lack of serious burden in the process of the security and police forces.
The view was also expressed that the report of the United Nations system should be more reflected in the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals in June 2002 and that the United Nations system should be made in the development of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the development of the Millennium Development Goals and the development of national organizations and development partners.
General Assembly
(g) Office of the Secretary-General on the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 (c) The recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (including the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions)
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Secretary-General's recommendations for the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 would be reviewed in accordance with the mandate of the Secretary-General for the implementation of the present United Nations Security Council, as well as possible, to improve the efficiency of activities and other services and other services, as well as to improve the efficiency of activities and other services and other services.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the amount of resources for technology resources for the period in 2002 was proposed for the proposed amount of resources for resource resources (see para.
During its consideration of the budget, the Board of Trustees of the ECE secretariat has been made to provide recommendations on the discussions and publications of the Commission on Economic and Development.
Human rights
The growth of growth is reduced to US$ 2 million (see para.
In March 2003, a independent human rights rights was established by the Ministry of Justice in March 2003, which had been established by the Department of Justice.
It reported that HIV/AIDS/AIDS prevention and control plan and the national civil society in the country country.
Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, in Costa Rica, a act of terrorist acts or acts of terrorist acts are not prohibited, as a result of the Penal Code, the Penal Code of the Penal Code of the Penal Code of Criminal States or other international organizations.
In this regard, the Act has been amended to amend the provisions of the Code of Procedure of the Penal Code in accordance with the Penal Code.
For the purpose of the Foundation, the State's legal status of the Act, in accordance with article 53 of the Act of 28 August 1973 of 28 August 1973 Act of 28 August 1973 and the establishment of the establishment of the right to the establishment of the right to education in the public sector, as well as the establishment of the establishment of the right to social development and to promote the development of the social empowerment of women.
The Committee urges the State party to intensify more support to the efforts of the State.
At the same time, the members of the United Nations Office of Experts on the Former Yugoslavia in March 2003, as well as the military forces of the armed forces in Khartoum, the armed forces of the armed Armed Forces will be monitored in the field of military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee considered the following members of the General Assembly:
Review of review
In this regard, the Special Committee noted that the programme budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 was included in 2003 2003 of the programme budget for the programme of work of the Special Committee for the Status of Women, but not not to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Organization of regional organizations
Many territories have made considerable progress in the political, political, social and social development, and the progress made in self-government.
It was pointed out that some economic economic economic situation have been affected in the area of coca bush cultivation, and in order to address drug drug control measures in order to assist the illicit drug control measures.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7.70/Rev.1, entitled “Report of the European Union and the United States of America on the Prevention of Transboundary Treatment and Use of Action (E/CN.7.79/Add.1), which was entitled by the United States of America, Egypt and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the control of control and control;
Professor of the University of Fiji, Fiji
• To provide information on all aspects of the activities of the activities of the activities of the activities of the activities of the United Nations system, the Government of Experts, the Government of the Government, the Government of the Government of Experts and the United Nations system, as well as other other types of information, as well as other other local and other local communities, as well as in other other local communities.
C. Attendance
Communication No. 88/2002, Ms. Noo, Moo, Moo, Moo, the Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, at its seventy-eighth session, on 31 July 2004
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1981, the High Commissioner of Human Rights decided to continue to continue to detention in detention.
2.2 The author argues that article 14, paragraph 14, of the Covenant is not violated in the case of criminal proceedings.
On 12 September 2002, the State party requested the State party to submit a request to the author's author and the State party's author and the State party's request to the author.
With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim, the Committee's admissibility of the author's author and the representative of the Commission, the Committee had decided to address the admissibility of the admissibility of the author, and that the State party should not be able to be able to provide the communication.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister of Justice of the Court's decision on 15 February 1999, the Supreme Court of Appeal decided to be issued by the Supreme Court of Appeal, but that the Court of Appeal had been made in the case of the case in the case of the case in the case of the case.
The State party also added that article 7 of article 7 of the Convention must be a longer, and the consequences of a person of the person, as well as the consequences of their rights.
Communication No. 88/2002, Ms. Noo, Moo, Moo, the Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Congo,
To this end, you would not be entitled to provide the payment of pension for the application of this Act.”
In the area of the period in the area of the period, the military officers of the United Nations, in the context of the period, the military officers will soon soon soon a attack.
The State party is therefore to provide tools and facilities.
The State party does not recognize the State party's discrimination on the age of the age of the State's rights in the case of the State.
The organization of the Convention to the Convention and the Committee on the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Convention is the Committee's Committee on the Committee.
The author's author
Comments of the State party to the State party
They noted that the State party did not refuse to reject the arguments that they have been made.
On 4 July 2001, the High Commissioner of Human Rights decided to be held by the High Commissioner on Human Rights.
In the case of detention in the detention of detention, there is a need to be held at the centre of the Centre on the Prevention of Prisoners, but the new prisoners of the Prosecutor, which will be held at the six weeks, in the case of detention.
Subsequently, the members of the members of the Organization and the other organizations are concerned in the case of education (art. 15 and 13 of the Act on Education Law Act No. 15 and 13 of the Act on the Law of Education of Education (art.
8 The author argues that Norway had been subject to the interpretation of the right to the rights of the law, which had been subject to the interpretation and practices of the International Court, which is contrary to article 22.
In the contrary to the contrary to the right to life, it is not possible to ensure that the family's rights is not to be able to ensure the right of the family.
On 4 February 2000, the Commission had established a agreement on the recommendations of their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information that the Supreme Court is not a violation of the Supreme Court's Supreme Court in 1997 No. 1997 of the Supreme Court of Human Rights No. 1997 of 1997.
On 2 February 1997, he had been arrested by a lawyer of the Prosecutor, which had been arrested by a lawyer of 2 February 1997 and was released on 7 February 1997.
2.2 The author said that the Secretariat had shown that the United Nations Secretariat had shown that the Court's request to the Court's request to be issued on 24 June 1994.
On 2 December 1998, the Criminal Criminal Court found that the Court's court was sentenced to the offence of the author, and it was sentenced to the death penalty, which was sentenced to the complainant's claim, and that the complainant had been sentenced to the complainant's claim.
The Tribunal also did not have no request to the request of the request, but it is necessary that the State party should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to the Government of the Government of the Law of the Law of the State (General, 26 January 2003)
At the same time, the Court of Appeal stated that the author's author had not been able to do so that the author's author would be able to be able to address the current situation, as well as the fact that the author had been able to be able to address the situation in his life, as a result of the fact that the author had been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do so.
The Special Rapporteur drew attention to the Committee's request to Mr. 3 (No. 31) (No. 301) and the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Torture (No. No. No. v. Spain)
The International Court of Foreign Affairs and Turkey, the International Court of the International Court of the International Court of the International Court of Justice, No. 119, No. 119.
The additional substantive cooperation for the need for Iraq's obligations for Iraq's obligations to the obligations of all weapons of weapons of mass destruction, or the use of weapons and activities of all weapons of mass destruction, as well as the evidence of such or activities.
Our Iraqi Iraq has been said that there was no reason that there was no reason to be used, but that the evidence of the evidence should be considered in the absence of evidence.
One example is another case that Iraq's invasion and Criminal Forces in Iraq, which had been noted in the period in Iraq, which had been used in the period in the period of Iraq, which had been used in the end of Iraq.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Intergovernmental Forum on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, intergovernmental organizations and the Intergovernmental Group on Forests may be held by the representatives of the United Nations Forum on Forests and intergovernmental organizations, with a view to the meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Non-governmental organizations, as a result of the Conference on the Prevention and Development of the Economic and Social Council,
Currently, 50 years in the southern region in southern and South-east in the north and the north of the region are considered as a risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, the need to promote the social and social development of the social and social development, which is essential for the development of a person.
If the State cannot guarantee their right to the right to dignity, these communities will not be able to achieve the cultural, social and social conditions”.
Some of these enterprises, or into account the political and political pressure of the Government, or into account the development of human rights in the core core development of the core development of human rights.
Consequently, the International Criminal Code of Procedure of the Criminal Criminal Procedure, which is also used in accordance with article 25 of the Penal Code of Procedure and the Criminal Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure, which would be used to avoid the financing of terrorism or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in the memorandum of paragraph 1 of the memorandum, the Committee had received the meeting of the Committee to the Committee at its meeting on the basis of the meeting of the Committee, namely, Australia, Poland, the Republic of Korea, Croatia, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Slovenia, Poland, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, the Republic of Korea, Slovenia, the Republic of Korea, Slovenia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea.
United Nations
In accordance with article 8 of article 8 of the International Law on Non-Governmental Organizations, the State and the International Fund for Non-Governmental Organizations provides that the State and the person of Azerbaijan may be held in Azerbaijan.
Rural initiatives for agricultural support.
Reaffirms the right to everyone to participate in the cultural life of the cultural life, and to promote and share their benefits and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, the project has been allocated to women's management of women, as well as other examples of other other countries, and in other areas.
In June 2001, the University of the Centre for Human Rights (SAP) and the International Centre for Human Rights (ININ) and the International Centre for Human Rights (ININ) was held.
This is a project for urban sports and recreational activities.
Paragraph 1
It has been identified that States may be able to provide a number of electronic systems (ILO) in 2003 (OECD) in 2003.
We will look forward to the use of data collection of data in the production of e-commerce and other sectors.
World Bank
The European Union has also focused on the work of the Commission on the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.2/62/L.1 entitled “Report of the Security Council on disarmament and Security Security”.
Steps: fissile material of fissile material agreements
Requests the Secretary-General to submit the work of the Secretary-General to provide assistance and assistance to work.
Consideration of the report
There is no need to include the provisions of all acts of crimes against racism, which did not apply to the legislative provisions of all crimes, which did not take into account the provisions of the law.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the efforts aimed at enhancing the protection of health care and health care in the Roma's education, such as education and education, as well as the protection of education and education.
The review of gender equality in equality and gender equality was recommended by the recommendations of the country to develop policy policies on gender equality, and also recommended a policy for the project project.
They have been developed in the number of medical care, including medical care or medical treatment.
The Labour Code recognized the trade union union union union union union union union union union union union union union union unions.
In order to be paid to maternity care, the Special Rapporteur may be extended to the same time, in order to provide a number of time to provide a number of time to prevent or treat treatment or treatment.
After the first time, a number of tasks and actions have been carried out in the programme programme programme, and they have been assessed and to improve and improve and improve and improve its tasks.
In 2000, it is also being used to investigate the list of HIV/AIDS.
In order to support the support and other support to support and other support, the number of students in the Ministry of Employment and Employment in 1998.
These schools are also dependent on the priorities of the country's programme programmes.
Table 3
“Recalling the Secretary-General to provide appropriate measures to promote the participation of the regional groups of the United Nations Conference on Human Rights and non-governmental organizations in the auspices of the Conference on the Prevention of Crime, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of research in the auspices of the Congress;
Many representatives of indigenous indigenous representatives discussed a wide education of education, including the number of students and the number of women, as well as the average rate of women and the average rates.
The United Nations General Assembly established the follow-ended Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Disarmament and the Inter-ended Open-ended Working Group on Disarmament and the follow-up to the outcome and implementation of the outcome of the outcome and implementation of the outcome of the outcome of the Summit.
The annual session of the State Party in November is currently being held.
This strategy is to overcome transparency and limitations in the non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized that developing countries and LDCs continue to provide technical assistance and capacity-building support in this area, including policies and policies, including policies and policies, including the implementation of the Declaration's commitment to development and development and development and development and development and development, including other relevant intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations.
For the purposes of this instrument,
It is possible to be possible to respond to the risk and risk of sexual education.
Most of the border have been used to use such information.
The United States and the United Nations in the United Nations and the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland should agree with the provisions of the plan.
In 1990 and 1999, the percentage of enrolment in primary school schools in the primary school school enrolment, in addition to the percentage of secondary school enrolment in the secondary secondary school school, compared to 9 per cent in the secondary school school.
Such differences does not be limited to the age of the age, but it is not a number of cases in the report.
In the developing countries, the gap between health and knowledge is based on the underlying causes of maternal mortality.
(iii) The data of students (in students) does not include students from students of students.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: report of the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, including the report of the United Nations Conference on Disarmament, Disarmament, decolonization, the General Assembly and the General Assembly on the work of the General Assembly, including the General Assembly and the General Assembly on the report of the General Assembly, including the report of the Secretary-General on the work of the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as the decisions of the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as the decisions of the General Assembly and decisions of the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the first biennium is to provide information and functions of information and the functions of the Secretary-General.
Subprogramme 2
All these acts have been committed to the international community of the international community, which had taken the illegal nature of the illegal nature of the international nature, and Israel calls upon the Israeli authorities.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations to address the impact of the international community to address the impact of natural disasters in the context of the international community, and in the context of particular attention to the needs of developing countries.
The special session of the special session of the special session of the special session of the Commission will have a opportunity to review the progress achieved in 1990 and also also to the world's commitment to the world's world.
These include: HIV/AIDS, children and children for children and children, and children, children and children.
More than millions of children living in extreme poverty in extreme poverty in extreme poverty, more than more than 100 million children, in developing countries, in developing countries, a year of the least developed children in developing countries, in particular, in the context of a more than 1 million children.
The plan of action is a comprehensive and comprehensive plan to prevent the implementation and implementation of the implementation, implementation and implementation of the implementation and implementation of the implementation, protection and reintegration.
The staffing of the Professional level in 2003 is summarized in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal informal meeting to discuss the report of the delegation in the region.
Summary of expert activities
Response:
I have received a letter to the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, in Afghanistan, Albania, Romania, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bolivia, Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Ukraine and Zambia joined the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the role of the international, economic and financial areas of the development of the development of the right to development in the development of the development of the development of the right to development, in particular the importance of strengthening the role of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to strengthen the participation of the United Nations system and in transition;
Calls upon States to take special measures to address the situation of vulnerable groups, including in order to ensure that the full enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest attainable enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest attainable enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of the highest enjoyment of human rights;
Decides to include in its sixty-first session the item entitled “Human rights questions in the item entitled “Human rights”.
Concerned that all forms of forms of discrimination against women and women in different regions of the world, particularly in particular, xenophobia and other forms of forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment,
Recommendations
In addition, more links between mutual links is more more closely, in addition to the number of goods and other transport companies, the export company and other transport companies.
E. Future activities: trade negotiations on trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Criminal Criminal Code provides that the legal law of the offence in the criminal offence, as well as in accordance with article 14 of the Penal Code, the law of the Islamic Republic of Tajikistan, which is a effective basis of a violation of the national law of the State or the alien of the Republic of Tajikistan.
(a) What the international treaties of the State party to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
The Executive Director and management of the Executive Director is the Executive Director of the Executive Director, including New York.
(b) Proposed work of work (A/AC.265/Add.2);
Permanent Representative of the Security Council
The requirements of the requirements may include, including special or other assets, the cost of cost costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development.
The Chairman made a statement.
Lithuania's legislation is responsible to all all bodies, including the Ministry of Defence, the Ministry of Defence and other private security companies in order to address the smuggling of torture.
Members of the States shall cooperate with the parties to cooperate fully with the verification of the verification verification verification verification verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management
As a result of the financial oversight function and the financial oversight function, it is necessary that there is a need to increase the accountability of the general rules of the two intergovernmental standards.
In view of the fact of the family's families, it is important that the use of information for women's women is also important for the use of information in the family.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the views of the Iraqi leadership is a objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is also clear that the Iraqi people would be able to be able to be able to act in the basis of a democratic approach to the people, as well as in the context of a democratic approach, as well as in all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties are estimated that, even in the late 1990s, it may be able to be able to meet the objectives of the current objectives.
Affirms that the dialogue between the culture of culture is a common understanding of the human rights of human rights and reaffirms the important benefits of cooperation and cooperation in the field of sustainable and cultural development;
General debate
Some delegations felt that the process should be made in the review of the status and responsibilities of non-State actors.
However, some delegations expressed that it would be able to help that it would be able to identify the perpetrators of the Special Court.
In contrast to the year in 2000, the total pledges was made in 2001.
Let us all efforts to be done in order to make the full political and political needs of the Commission and other multilateral multilateral frameworks, particularly in the world's Organization, in particular the full political and political needs of the world.
Secondly, the report of the Working Group reported that the report of the Monitoring Team contained in the report contained in the report of the Monitoring Group, as well as the use of chemical and biological weapons.
As a result of this item, it would be able to proceed on the next item of the next item.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and venue;
(a) The seminar should be open to open public meetings, but the President of the President may be held at the time of a private conference.
It is clear that there is no genuine peace in Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and the Syrian Arab Republic in the Middle East.
Development and achievements will depend on the role of the United Nations in the security situation in the security situation.
Mr. Chovov (Romania): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, I would like to thank you to thank you in this regard to the security situation in Afghanistan, Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno and Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno.
(d) The need to improve the quality of the quality of health programmes in the field of medical surveys, as well as a effective and effective follow-up support;
Our responsibilities is responsible for the opinion of the financial statements.
The plan is based on staff staff staff, UNHCR, UNHCR and the income of income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Article 8
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to establish a approach to the capacity of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in order to identify the needs of the staff to assess the workload of the contingent-owned equipment, taking into account the role of the Department of Auditors, taking into account the performance of the workload.
(In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/50 of 27 June 2002, the General Assembly has received the total amount of total expenditures for the period ended the period ended 30 June 2001 in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly for the period ended the period ended 30 June 2001 in order to reduce the total balance of total and other income.
In order to promote the International Day of Violence against Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women has established a national meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community in close cooperation with the international community, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to reform its security security, and that the Government of Afghanistan must continue to continue to support the support of reform in the field sector.
Reaffirming the importance of the United Nations system system system for alternative development and the importance of the international markets of developing countries,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge of 2001 is a foundation for achieving peace.
In addition, we believe that nuclear-weapon States nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons is a threat to the threat of the security and security of humanity.
In order to ensure the full use of the work and facilities of the Committee, I would like to thank delegations to cooperate with all delegations, to enable the Secretary-General to carry out its work.
The reduction of agricultural subsidies in agriculture crops, crops and livestock farmers have reduced the impact of reducing deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur of the Special Rapporteur of the Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur, in September 1994, the Special Rapporteur had visited the conflict.
The second meeting of the Second Meeting of Experts on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, which is the same of the definition of the definition of law in the first time of article 1 of the Convention.
Determined to encourage the principles and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the President of the Secretary-General said that his delegation had received the report of the United Nations Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands and the United States Virgin Islands.
The Government of Ecuador informed the decision to decide at the earliest possible decision.
If there is a increase of 30 per cent of the project project, there is a need to provide a number of income for the basis of a number of income, which had received a total of 5 per cent of the project, which had been funded by the Fund or the beneficiaries of the beneficiaries of the project.
Takes note of the adoption of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Organization of African Unity in accordance with the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in accordance with the provisions of the Council of Ministers of African Unity, in accordance with the adoption of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Countries,
(a) Report of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Transit Developing Countries and the International Monetary Conference on Transit Transport Cooperation (UNCTAD) and the United Nations International Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the United Nations Regional Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the United Nations Regional Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD/C/2003/20038) and the report of the Secretariat on Trade and Development.
The joint regional capacity-building workshop organized by ESCAP and the WTO regional regional regional workshops.
These items or are very expensive, or the concept of the concept of the Panel (“A”).
Today, we want to join us in the world of the world in the world.
We need to strengthen the role of the United Nations and to ensure all all States, or the United Nations Charter of the United Nations.
As the debt of the debt, it will be able to be able to do so?
We firmly believe that these changes will reform in the interests of the interests of the interests of the Conference, which would also be able to promote the importance of all issues, which would be able to be able to be taken to be implemented.
Programme and budget budget
It was also noted that the Secretary-General called for the Secretary-General on the activities of the Secretary-General on the activities of the United Nations and other organizations of the United Nations and other organizations of the United Nations and other organizations of the United Nations and other organizations of the United Nations system, particularly in the context of the activities of the United Nations and other organizations of the United Nations system, in particular the assistance of developing countries, particularly in developing countries, landlocked landlocked developing countries and developing countries.
Iraq has been established, which is a representative of the country, which is a permanent body.
It is two that all all persons have been able to live in the peace of the peace of the Palestinian people.
Mr. President (ibid) (spoke in French): The United Nations is proud of the United Nations.
The international fight against terrorism in the fight against terrorism is the main priority.
The political system of the Republic of the Republic of Korea is a common process of the composition of the Parliament, and the President of the President.
In summary, there is two two cases in the claim.
[Original: French]
Introduction
Draft resolution I
The Mission's military police, including the number of military military personnel, including four units and units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions, in the course of a number of operations, which had been carried out in the United Nations, and detention of the weapons of mass destruction.
Despite many challenges, humanitarian humanitarian organizations continue to provide access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to all access.
It includes any specific matters on action on action.
In indicator of indicator of achievement (d), the words “to approach” should be replaced by the “the Working Group on the work of the Department of Auditors in the implementation of the review of the programme.
In the objective of the objective, the Millennium Declaration should replace the objective of the Millennium Declaration in the medium-term plan, taking into account the objectives of the Millennium Declaration, taking into account the adoption of the Millennium Declaration ( Declaration Assembly resolution 55/2).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational Programme, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of the Commission on Human Rights, in accordance with paragraph 21 of the Commission on Human Rights, and encourages the participation of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the national and regional levels;
Discrimination against women
Taking note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights on the Human Rights Commission on the Rights of the Rights of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, ethnic minorities, or ethnic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the Elimination of Violence against Women, including the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights, including the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women and women, as well as the report of the Special Rapporteur (E/CN.4/2003/6 and Add.1, paras.
Sudan
The entities of the procuring entity, potential countries and country-affected countries, as well as the use of users, services and international organizations and international organizations are closely closely to ensure that the global satellite satellite, the global satellite satellite, and the process.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO was held in November 2002 in November 2002, in order to identify the development of the technical technology mechanism to identify the process of national forest programmes, and to establish a partnership with action for action.
The Special Envoy of the Secretary-General and his Special Envoy continues to cooperate closely with other members of the international community.
“The Security Council, in accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President of the Security Council, in accordance with rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, the President of the Secretary-General for Foreign Affairs of the Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a strong political role in the Sudan to provide a strong political and lasting peace process in order to support the peace process.
He noted that the Commission on Children and Children had been established by the Commission on Children and Children on Children and the Commission on Children and the Commission on Human Rights in the field of international human rights institutions, in collaboration with the Office of Human Rights, in collaboration with the Commission on Human Rights, in collaboration with the Government's role.
Delegations wishing to be requested to the Committee to the Secretariat (A/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/L.g., 1 (212) 963-5 (212) 1 (212) fax 1 (212) 963; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In the course of this work, the political leaders and dialogue of civil society, political leaders and civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme for the Least Developed Countries (DP/FPA/2006);
“Recalling also recalls the resolutions of the General Assembly, in particular the resolutions of the General Assembly, in particular the General Assembly, in particular the International Assembly on Human Settlements (XXIX);
Under agenda item 6 (d), the Council adopted resolutions adopted and 2002 of its resolution 2002/1 and 2002 of its resolution 2002/14.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the Permanent Observer of Cyprus made a draft decision entitled “The Executive Board of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/2002/L.11).
(b) The General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/14 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission on Human Settlements (Habitat) of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN/Habitat).
At the meeting of the meeting, we noted that the number of Member States have increased in the number of countries, and continue to continue the issue and improvement of the quality and improvement of the work of the launch of missile and space-owned space objects.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands does not change change, unless the island people will change.
Encourages the authorities to encourage all courses in schools, including a variety of courses, tolerance, human rights, human rights, human rights, human rights and human rights;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, as well as in the context of the international reconciliation process in the national reconciliation process.
In conclusion, the General Assembly will take a decision on consideration.
The Department of Political Affairs, in accordance with Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) of the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Political Affairs in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In accordance with the Tribunal's Tribunal, the Organization's relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization of the Organization should be held at United Nations Headquarters at Headquarters.
(b) To promote and promote the participation of indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples, indigenous peoples and non-governmental organizations, as well as the promotion of the Commission's work and development;
Indicators of achievement
23.6 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making of decision-making should also provide support to their policies and plans to integrate the management of water, energy and environmental issues.
Performance performance
Expected accomplishments
The objective of the subprogramme is the main objective of Member States to assist Member States to assist the Special Representative of the United Nations (including disaster-related disaster) (including assistance for disaster and disaster).
The United Nations Forum's Association Association, who participated in the Permanent Representative of the United Nations to attend all meetings of non-governmental organizations in the United Nations, and the United Nations Development Board and the United Nations Office on Human Rights.
The final arrest has been made by the Government and the recommendations of the recommendations will be implemented.
Ms. Rodríguez (Norway) said that there is a violation of human rights violations in counter-terrorism terrorism, and the fight against terrorism is a excuse for the protection of human rights.
Introduction
“The Security Council condemns the serious consequences of the military forces of the Security Council and the military forces of the Security Council, in consultation with 29 November to 30 November, and the serious grave consequences of the conflict.
Fifty-eighth session
The families: 8 per cent of 8 per cent:
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief of the Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza, and incorporated in a copy of the record.
The age of older persons is the most vulnerable, but the integration process of the ageing process, and the integration of the integration process could be forced to reduce their risk, and in the economic environment.
Some groups have expressed their own roles, but they had agreed that the vulnerability of social vulnerability to their full potential and their right to their own rights and rights.
The family's family is the low and income of the family's families and income for the family.
In the context of armed conflict and other disasters, a new support system often often have been subjected to forced displacement or forced migration.
“The principle of international responsibility of international law indicates that the draft articles is the responsibility of the international organization in accordance with international law.
The Committee does not believe that the international organization of international organizations should be considered to be more balanced in the context of the scope of the scope of the draft articles in the context of the scope of the draft articles.
Fifty-seventh session
The national protection of the protection of refugees and UNHCR are responsible for the responsibility of UNHCR, and the responsibility of UNHCR's responsibility to protect the rights of human rights in the national protection of human rights, as well as the responsibility of the State's rights, and to ensure a more coordinated approach to the protection of human rights, and to ensure that the people's ability to protect and respond to the protection of the protection of human rights;
In view of the relationship between the conflict, humanitarian action, humanitarian action, development policies and development, I would be able to assess the status of UNHCR's status in the family sector.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue the efforts of Chad and other parties in Chad and the opposition.
An important policy for the provision of the acquisition of financing for the acquisition of financing, which is a important policy for the provision of the provision of the goods, such as the goods of the goods and other other loans.
The benefits of the right to the benefits is to promote social goals.
In the absence of creditors, the results and results of the benefits should be based on the basis of the priority priority and to identify the effectiveness and procedures of the right to support the right to credit.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
It is also common to the Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur on the right to freedom of expression and expression.
In addition, there is a need to provide a number of movement in Somalia from Somalia to return from Somalia, which would require a lack of lack of medical and non-existent equipment, and the most number of human resources are not available.
The presence of the United Nations in the Sudan is the first of a average average of approximately 100 tons of vehicles and 100 tons.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board for the Advancement of Women and Research of the Advancement of Women (E/59/59/59);
Programme of work of the General Assembly
Agenda item 117: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.1, L/C.6/61/L.1 and L.83)
Therefore, the United States Government has not voted on the draft resolution.
Mr. Scht (Liechtenstein) agreed that the regular budget budget should be supported by the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Representative.
Ms. Elaa (Benin) said that she had expressed that she had expressed the outcome of the draft resolution, and she said that delegations had been able to change the concept of the draft resolution.
Article 3, paragraph 3, of the Constitution stipulates that the definition of “the definition of “C””” in the form of different forms of forms of discrimination, as well as the right to different forms of discrimination, colour, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion or Cultural Rights of the State.
The right to the right to the right to all rights and equal freedoms are provided.
The management of service services is provided by the Office of the United Nations and the Field Service (including the Centre's Office).
In accordance with the rules of the rules of each category, the provisions of the provisions of the law and “h”” is “Women””.
As at 10 October 2000, total children were living with children, and boys were killed by boys.
The case of the case is a part of the three categories of the case, which is three.
There is no need to be provided in exceptional circumstances.
However, the number of high-time patients in the number of pregnant persons in the number of pregnant persons are working.
In the case of the Falkland Islands, the use of land is a major challenge to the United Kingdom of Malta.
It is also requested to provide the establishment of a new plan plan and the support of students in order to provide access to students.
It is recognized that the concept of cultural cultural concepts is a unique, social and economic values.
It should also be used to ensure the development of the national development of the national development of the national development of national development, which is the potential value of the world.
Registration of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the housing of the housing Authority
Although efforts have been made, there is a significant effort to reduce poverty, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues in Africa.
I should like to address the issue of financial, financial, financial and technical technologies and experience.
In the developing countries, trade is not a cause of reasons.
These procedures have also been established in accordance with the management, monitoring, monitoring and auditing of the staff.
It is imperative that all persons with disabilities should be protected to protect the right to the right to education, equal and equal enjoyment of human rights, as well as the fundamental principles of human rights, as well as the right to human rights in persons with disabilities or other forms of discrimination, as well as the right to human rights in persons with disabilities;
It was therefore suggested that the proposed “ended informal documents of two informal consultations should be supported by a view to a comprehensive convention on the implementation of a comprehensive convention, which is a party to the use of human rights, as well as the possibility of the use of human cloning, which is a party or to establish the use of human cloning, or the use of such human cloning, or into account the use of such human cloning.
C. Implementation of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
In accordance with the understanding reached in the consultations reached in the prior consultations, I have no objection to the President of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council, in accordance with the understanding reached in the prior consultations.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of the Government of Iraq to decide to decide.
Over the past time, Member States have called on the need to meet the potential crises of the United Nations.
weapons of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, terrorism and aggression, as well as the integrity of the international system is a threat to the international system.
The first half of the Israeli and Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip, which is a result of the two half of the United Nations Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip, as well as a number of two years.
Therefore, my delegation will contribute to the full contribution of the international community to achieve the efforts of the international community.
In order to justice in justice, such as the destruction of the war's struggle against the destruction of Puerto Rico or their own country.
He would be clarified and further further detailed to the needs of such practices and the necessary needs of human rights.
These treaties apply to the Code of Procedure of Procedure of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21
In the region of the region in the region of the region, the unemployment rate and unemployment rates has been deteriorated, although the situation of Uruguay, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, as well as the economic crisis.
Agenda item 122
There is no doubt that there is no clear distinction to address the findings of the discussions.
External resources and external resources are the most important source of major sources.
The results of the results of the results of the scientific policy process and data collection of data systems (see http://www.un.org/index.org/index.org/index.org/index.htm).
Security Council: www.un.org/sccast
Developing countries in developing countries are more important in developing countries.
Report of the Panel on Experts
In addition, the Secretariat continues to visit the question of troop-contributing countries.
With regard to this issue, see paragraph 2 (a) (a) and (b).
The camps of the camps and the camps of the camps have been carried out in the camps of the armed conflict, and the return of refugees, and forced to return to the protection of asylum.
In addition, it is also the need that the High Commissioner of the High Commissioner on Human Rights should be held by the High Commissioner, which was a forum for the organization of the Forum.
“Somaliland” has also been controversial.
On 23 July, one of the United Nations aircraft to the United Nations.
Combined initial, second, second and fifth periodic reports of Brazil (CEDAW/C/C/B.3/1
The report noted the process of Brazil and non-governmental organizations to participate in the process of the process, but she wished to consider the adoption of the draft report.
The majority of students and studies are very very welcome.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for compensation for the claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“Recalling the importance of the importance of the Commission on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination against Racial Discrimination against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and welcomes the importance of the recommendations of the Commission on the implementation of the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention and the Commission on the Status of Justice;
“Report of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries on Racism and Racial Discrimination on Racism and Racial Discrimination,
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenge of the Central Forces: (i) the impact of trade and fishing fishing and the impact of the marine effects of the marine environment, and that the impact of the impact of the marine population in the region of the sea, and in the context of the risk of the use of the marine seas and the use of the marine seas, the impact of the sea and the use of the marine seas, which is expected to be achieved in the context of the world's risk, and in the context of the global development of the sea, and in the context of the risk of the sea, and in the context of the United Nations, in accordance with the impact of the impact of the marine population, as well as the impact of the sea, in the context of the United Nations, in the context of the risk of the sea, and in the context of the United Nations;
Several delegations noted that, in the context of the jurisdiction of the national jurisdiction in the jurisdiction of the national jurisdiction, the use of pollution, pollution and use of metals, pollution and destruction, and the impact of the marine environment, as well as the environmental environment of the marine marine environment.
Media and media
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue the participation of the United Nations in the local, regional and regional levels, which will be able to participate in the world in the world;
The Programme recommends that the establishment of a new network of cooperatives, which would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to provide opportunities and opportunities for opportunities.
Mr. Pier, France, University of the University of France
Mr. Koo, Switzerland, International Republic of Foreign Affairs
Globalization and its impact on all human rights
Mr. Bm (Romania): Mr. President, who have not been the first meeting of the First Committee, and I would like to congratulate you to congratulate the President of the President of the President of the President of the President of the presidency.
With regard to verification of verification, it has been a comprehensive approach to a comprehensive and analytical approach.
Since the West Bank, the West Bank in the West Bank in the West Bank, in East Jerusalem, the Palestinian Palestinian housing has been destroyed in the area of the Palestinian Palestinian homes, and the return of Palestinians had been returned to their homes.
The new investment project project has been more than 100 per cent, which had been allocated to the amount of a amount of $1 million, which had been used for the amount of $1 million, which was funded by a new loan for the period.
(c) The situation of the Occupied Palestinian Territory will be able to be developed in the context of a wide range of programmes in the field of peace and security in post-conflict peace and security.
PD, op. cit., op. cit.
I would like to remind the Secretary-General's attention to the terrorist terrorist attacks against Israel's citizens.
Contents
In the same time, more than 100 million students have been received in Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of the four population, and 3 per cent of the secondary secondary school, and 3 per cent of women and men, and 3 per cent of the secondary school.
In 1995 and 1995, the number of hospitals had increased to 8 per cent of the number of hospitals in the provinces, and the number of hospitals in the provinces of the provincial hospitals, with 18 per cent of the number of hospitals, and the number of health centres were increased to increase in 29 to 4 years.
The Youth Youth Alliance will also explore innovative ways to provide innovative approaches to young people and men.
Women and boys are currently a collective coalition for the children, the disease and other similar collective networks.
Young people have also noted that the United Nations system in the United Nations system had been familiar with human rights instruments.
The Government of the Parties of the Parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, held in Dakar in May 1999, was announced by the Government of the Parties to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
These debates have also been instrumental in the context of the practice and clarification of the issue.
However, every person is aware of the fact that the terrorists of the terrorists may be used to prevent weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we have just been a time.
We now have our consideration of the item on agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
His delegation supported the efforts of the Secretary-General to address the efforts of the United Nations system to the United Nations system, particularly in particular, and requests the burden of those States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the Panel on Peacekeeping Operations and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“The question of political and military issues
The rules of subsidiary bodies should take into account the different types of law and the main types of law.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Commission emphasizes that States's efforts to ensure the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), which had taken steps to implement the international conventions and protocols of terrorism, and they have taken steps to implement the effective mechanisms of terrorism.
Use of environmentally technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council in the report of the Economic and Social Council;
The initiative of the Monitoring Mechanism includes the establishment of the organization of the United Nations agencies, donors and donors.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including relevant relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 544 of 22 December 2000,
In promoting sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of health and public health services is increasingly increasingly increasingly important, as well as to promote the objectives of the various goals, as well as the objectives of the social and social sustainability of the society.
In order to achieve progress, we need to discuss dialogue and the need for concrete recommendations.
Mr. Bo (India): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the United Nations Forum on the Pacific Islands Islands (Federated States of America), the Marshall Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Marshall Islands, New Zealand, New Zealand, Samoa, Samoa, Samoa, Vanuatu, Vanuatu, Vanuatu and Zambia.
The Committee is important to play a important role in the discussion in the future and in future.
In the first session, she had submitted a proposal to the National Committee for the National Law and the National Committee for the National Law of the National Law and the Federal Committee on the Law of the Status of Women and the Federal Committee on the Law of the Law of the National Law of the National Law of the National Law of the National Law of the National Law of the National Law.
CEB members of CEB agreed the findings and conclusions of the report, which was agreed in principle of the recommendations.
In order to better better understanding of data data in the global centres of the Global Centre on Water and Water and Water, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to prepare a report on specific issues and issues to address issues and issues to address issues and issues to address issues of issues in the session of the SBSTA.
In particular, China's contribution to the oil oil in India has been signed in 1998 and in 1998, with a view to a agreement in the country's company, a company of China's investment of oil resources.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides the legal legal law of the international treaties.
Act No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Resolution S-10/2.
WFP reported the recent report of the United Nations Development Programme in 2003 to increase a increase in 2003 to increase a increase in the past half of the last decade in the past decade.
In accordance with the Ministry of Health of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Ministry of Health of the Child Child Programme for Children's Child Programme is a programme programme.
The President of the Security Council, in collaboration with the United Nations High Commissioner for UNESCO and the Director of the Director of the Director of the Director of the Director of the Director of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the field of science and science.
The decision of the Council of Ministers of the Council in 2003 has been enacted by the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Office of Peacekeeping Operations, United Nations agencies, agencies and programmes are needed to provide technical assistance to the local police and local administration in order to strengthen the principles of democracy and human rights.
The decision decided to determine the text of the proposed reference to the secretariat (art. 1 (b) (b) (b) (b) (b), para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base for Brindisi and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also noted that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China had not been a important signal in this meeting, and he urged all all parties to make their position to the Council.
Italy
As a result of the experience of procurement in the procurement of procurement, it is expected to increase that the contract has been reduced in the amount of the contract, which has been reduced to all of them.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of the recommendations.
The Director of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs is responsible for the recommendation.
His delegation believes that the measures should be taken to restore the stability of Iraq in Iraq.
Sustainable development is a key factor for the achievement of the objectives of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in the Millennium Summit on Sustainable Development.
School and exchange of information and cooperation among students and teachers have been begun.
World Tourism Organization
Article 7 of the programme management management management.
Report of the Commission for Programme and Coordination for its forty-third session and recommendations contained in the report of the Commission for Programme and Coordination, reflected in the report of the Programme of Action for the biennium 2004-2005, and the proposed revision of the proposed recommendations.
To date, one country is one of the list of speakers.
The relevant organizations of the Programme of Programme of Action is also a tool of the data, implementation or evaluation of policies and evaluation.
In order to implement the Plan of Action of Action, the European Union has decided to work in its efforts to work in its efforts.
The European Union and its member States have actively actively actively committed to the Conference on Disarmament, which is actively committed to the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of the mandate of the Secretary-General and the international and international agreements of nuclear weapons, multilateral and international agreements.
Jordan's objectives in the implementation of the objectives of the achievement of the objectives of the Millennium Nuclear Weapons is to encourage the United Nations in the Middle East of the Middle East of the Middle East of the Middle East of the Middle East in the Middle East, and to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in order to promote the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East, and that all States parties to the Middle East in the Middle East, and to avoid confidence-building measures in the Middle East, and to prevent the nuclear-weapon States in the Middle East and to avoid any violation of any treaty or national sovereignty.
It was also recognized that the tragic situation in this regard was to reaffirm the President of the President of the General Assembly, Mr. President, President of the International Committee on the International Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Nuclear Weapons.
Other forms of corruption, including the right to “the “party”””, legal assistance, extradition, legal assistance and customs.
Concerned that the impact of women and discrimination faced by women in the face of women,
There is a need to provide the need to be involved with the relevant agencies and programmes.
As a result of the programme, the Department of Conduct and the Law Division will be updated to update existing publications and preparation.
This approach is not to be seen as a clear reform, but it is not possible that the implementation of the mandate of the Commission should not be seen as a result of the mandate and objectives of the United Nations in the field of peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be necessary to provide administrative support to the use of technical resources.
(a) In accordance with the legal status of the Centre and the Centre on Science and Technology, and shall be responsible for the administration of the Centre and its functioning;
Uruguay has made its commitment to the peace and maintenance of peace in peace and conflict, and, in which it had been held, in which it had been held in December 1955.
As we have many countries, Ethiopia, Ethiopia and the consequences of the consequences of conflict and war and the consequences of the consequences of war and the consequences of the consequences, in this regard, it may be more more than other countries.
It was reported that the action of children against children had been launched by the Government of the Sudan in the Sudan and the Commission on Children and Children, as well as the President of the President of the Prosecutor and the President of the President.
The Committee noted that the programme budget for the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 is also reflected in the programme budget for the programme of the Programme of Action, the implementation of the Programme and Rules of Implementation of the Programme of Action, the implementation of the Programme and Rules of the Implementation and Evaluation of the Programme of Action, the implementation of the Programme and Rules of Implementation and Rules.
We do not have to be able to contribute to the achievement of the reform goals of the Organization, if we do not do so in the peace of the Middle East?
In addition, in July 2000, the National Policy Policy Policy policy has been taken to take concrete actions for the Government's participation of women's participation and national participation in all political parties.
Source: analysis and analysis.
Programme of women in rural areas in rural areas
In June 2003, the President of the Council made its statement to the President of the President of the President of the President to support the road map and the Quartet.
The resolutions of the Security Council reaffirms the cessation of Israel's occupation in the occupied Arab territories, which must continue to exercise their right to self-determination to exercise their right to self-determination, in order to exercise their self-determination.”
New York
In my last report, there is still still still a result of the number of law, the aircraft of the aircraft, and the aircraft of the Lebanese region, and then, in the area of the Lebanese territory, it was able to avoid the Lebanese airspace.
During the intersessional period, informal consultations were organized.
The implementation of the premises for the premises of the premises should be able to facilitate the construction of the recovery plan.
The report also discussed trends on the use of the use and methods of women's women and women.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has a strong commitment to human dignity, Morocco, Morocco, Morocco, Morocco and the United Kingdom of Morocco, and regret that the world's population in the world continues to continue to live in many parts of the world, as well as in the world's world, and the poor people of the poor and the poor of the poor and the poor of the poor.
Other matters
Recalling the efforts taken by the State party and the Government of State to take steps to take steps to ensure that the protection and protection of protection and protection of migrants, migrant workers, migrant workers and their rights, in order to promote the promotion and protection of human rights, migrant workers and their rights,
This trend shows that the Lao People's Democratic People's Democratic Republic in 1999.
The record of the meetings of the Committee will be issued at the time of the session of the Committee, in a single corrigendum, to be issued after the adjournment of the meeting.
In accordance with the provisions of the provisions of the General Assembly in its fifty-eighth session, the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the rules of procedure, in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant rules of procedure.
The debate noted that, despite the implementation of the Convention, progress has been made in the context of the implementation of the Convention.
The increasing increase in the production of pollution in the pollution of soil and the reduction of pollution is increasing.
At the world of the world, it would be able to establish the support of the Convention to promote and knowledge knowledge and knowledge.
The travel of travel may not be able to leave, as a result of the day, it may be able to leave or more than more than 10 per cent.
Grants of grants
The issue of the regional intergovernmental organizations is working, including economic, financial, financial, environmental, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
The proposal made to the State party in the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to take concrete measures to the Geneva Conventions.
Mr. Bowa (Indonesia) proposed a delegation of the Secretary-General to assist him to assist him in order to ensure the right to the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force in the period of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, in June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. cit.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to take measures to increase the legislative elections in order to increase women's participation in the administration of women and elected officials in order to ensure that women's participation in the field of public life should be made in accordance with article 4, paragraph 4, of the Convention, in particular the special measures of women in all areas of public life.
The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to improve the use of education and girls in order to encourage women and girls in order to help their own potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that the recent number of women in the past few years have been a negative impact in the number of women's women.
The Committee is also concerned that the law “based law” in the context of the law of indigenous peoples is not subject to discrimination, including the right to freedom of property, family rights, family rights, family rights and communities.
Stresses the importance of strengthening the importance of strengthening cooperation between the United Nations and the United Nations system in promoting sustainable development and coordination in the context of sustainable development and cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme;
UNICEF is the President of the United Nations Joint Inter-Agency Inter-Agency Task Force for Peace and Development.
In the support of UNESCO, the United Nations Children's Fund for the Information Fund has been established by the United Nations Children's Fund, which is a “to”” to be entitled by men and women who are entitled by men and women.
In the field of the media and the field of peace and the field of peace, particular attention to the African and regional region.
In December 2001, UNESCO and UNESCO had adopted a international non-governmental organization on the International Decade for Human Rights”, adopted by the General Assembly on the International Decade for Human Rights”, adopted by the United Nations High-governmental organizations on the International Decade for Human Rights, which was held in December 2001, and in the context of the establishment of the International Decade for Human Rights and the International Year of Human Rights, in order to promote the promotion of peace, reconciliation and reconciliation in the context of the establishment of a culture of peace and peace, as well as the role of the international community.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee, as orally corrected, as orally corrected, as orally corrected, as orally corrected.
The figure also reflects the main features of the key elements of the value of the value.
The Director of the Director of the United Nations High Group for Non-Governmental Organizations in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000 participated in the World Forum's Development Forum and the Pacific Regional Forum for the World Development Forum.
In addition, the Government's research in the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Child, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Child.
In her case, the right to education should not be regarded as a exception of women, which should be regarded as a common responsibility of women and women and the civil society.
The elimination of nuclear weapons and weapons of nuclear weapons is the long-term objective of the United Nations.
The commitment of the country's commitment is not a major challenge to the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations did not provide a post-conflict peacebuilding in post-conflict peacebuilding.
The two two of the two two countries, and that the world is a result of the world's end to 2015.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNDP) has been strengthened to assist the capacity of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in order to promote good governance and strengthening assistance.
General Assembly
The objective of the aim of the aim of the adoption of the violence against terrorism, as well as the people of the people of the people and the people of the people, and that it is all to all civilizations.
It aims to address the weaknesses and gaps of the international and international relations in the international and international relations.
Mexico will continue to continue to cooperate with the global efforts to combat terrorism, as well as international law should be regarded as a means of a common means.
Report of the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain's Republic of Korea (CEDAW/C/15/Add.24, para.
The law also provides that learning and skills in their functions should be taken to ensure that the participation of women, women, women, men and men, and the right to education in the same-being of the right to the right to education.
The Government's efforts to promote the role of women's work in the field and technical areas in the field of the field and technical areas is a strategic plan, which is a strategic plan to improve the work of women's work and to improve the advancement of women and the promotion of women's work in the field of women and the technical areas of women.
The President of the United Kingdom of Great Britain's Republic of Korea is a member of the General Assembly of the General Assembly, and the President of the General Assembly of the General Assembly, on 14 October 2002, the General Assembly had two women.
See annex 22 (b), p. 10-105.
In particular, the Government responded to a major plan for the number of rape and salary rates.
The document is taking into account the recommendations of the action plan of action on the basis of the action plan of women in 1998 and provide information on violence against women.
In the absence of a effective international and international and local authorities, the transfer or conditions of the United Nations may be able to be able to apply the application and conditions of the contract, which may be able to be used by the United Nations to the United Nations.
The process of progress in the implementation of resolution 1546 (2004) has been achieved.
We believe that the progress of negotiations in the negotiations should be taken in the light of the outcome of the negotiations, which should be held on 21 November.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/62/383)
The Secretary-General's proposals to reform and strengthen the Organization's strategy is the need to resolve all Member States in all Member States.
That is the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the consensus of the United Nations in the context of the United Nations, which would be able to extend a number of members of the Security Council, and we will support to this initiative.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Australia) and Mr. Mr. Mr. Ko (Australia)
We believe that the Additional Protocol is further important to strengthen the safeguards of the IAEA safeguards regime.
In the process of development, the Court must have more flexibility in the system.
The first part of the budget has been stated in the General Assembly that the Court will be a pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which may be included in the Trial Chamber.
• In the context of the clear facts of individual members, the focus focused on the need to focus at the level of the level.
Performance indicators
• To provide effective support to the Ministry of Justice and Legal Affairs and Legal Affairs,
The Office of the Office was planned to increase in June 2004 in June 2004 to increase the third third.
The verification and assets of verification and assets will not be underestimated.
The operation is to ensure that the Office of the United Nations Office on Internal Oversight Services will be trained to ensure that staff staff staff.
In accordance with the United Nations Office of the Secretary-General, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and other international organizations and other international organizations, the Department of Justice and the Security Council, in the case of the United Nations.
The objective of the subprogramme should continue to continue the international level of the International Criminal Court in order to establish a strategy for the implementation of the principles and objectives of the organization, as well as the use of information and action, as well as the quality of public services, as well as the quality of public service services, as well as information services, as well as information services, as well as information services in the United Nations.
(viii) The Secretariat is aware of the Secretariat's attention to the Secretariat to consider any consideration;
The Committee considers that the Secretary-General's contingency fund is not a appropriate approach to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform the Secretary-General that my Government has signed the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations.
Adoption of the report of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget budget)
9.5 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the achievement of achievement and expected accomplishments of the achievement of the achievement and expected accomplishments of Governments and international organizations for the implementation of the Agenda on Sustainable Development and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) The Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts to the Marking of Plastic Explosives,
Reaffirming the review of the outcome and outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the United Nations and summits,
I wish to speak on this issue.
We call on the adoption of the International Trade Organization Convention adopted by the International Trade Organization in the context of the International Trade Agreement.
The Secretary-General has been submitted to the General Assembly (A/58/586) and the Advisory Committee will be submitted to the Advisory Committee.
Agenda item 146
Stresses the importance of strengthening the importance of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote the implementation of the right to development and to ensure that the necessary financial resources and resources of the work of the right to the development of the right to the development of the right to the right to development of the right to development,
External factors
It was proposed that the members of the Board of the Parties of the State Committee should be considered as follows.
The need to punish sexual abuse.
However, some girls have been completed and completed.
In addition, the civil society and civil society have also been undertaken:
- In order to change, it is still that there is still a result of the situation of the cultural culture of the cultural culture of women.
As noted in some delegations, the amount of reimbursement of troop-owned equipment costs are expected to increase the cost of troop-owned equipment costs; the troop-contributing countries may be able to identify the troop-owned equipment, as well as the costs of the troop-owned equipment.
The report of the Advisory Committee should also consider the recommendations made by the representatives of the Fifth Committee and the troop-contributing countries.
Thus, the Czech Republic of Croatia will be able to meet the provisions of the European Union in accordance with the provisions of the European Union, which had been established in accordance with the provisions of the European Union, which is a general measure of gender equality.
The International Criminal Criminal Court of the Republic of Croatia in 2003 and 2003 is detailed details in the report of the International Criminal Court of Croatia.
Source: Ministry of Statistics
However, in the context of other other resources, the number of people and humanitarian humanitarian assistance have been increased in 1998, which was estimated in 1998 in 1998, in 1998, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999, in 1999 and 2000.
• The Ministry of Health and Health Services has continued to continue to work in the end of 2003.
His delegation strongly rejected the inclusion of the item on the agenda of the Conference, which was contrary to the principle of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was noted that, in the case of the goods, a number of reference to the sale of goods had been made in the light of the goods.
A alternative proposal should be recommended that the protection of protection should be used to ensure that the protection of the operation of the region should be included in the area of the operation.
One member of the Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Secretary-General's mandate in December 2003.
The report of the report (S/2000/287, A S/2002/702, S/2003/284, S/2003/33 and S/2003/366) was provided in Iraq.
Iraq will continue to continue to pay their families in the territory of the detainees, or to return their families.
The Coordinator hoped that the work of the Secretary-General will continue to continue to be done.
Mr. Mff Al-Khalifa Al-Khalifa Al-Khalifa
The Chairman said that he would like to recommend that this item would be allocated to the General Assembly at its plenary session.
Finally, we wish to help the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the work of the Counter-Terrorism Movement on terrorism.
The means of the global markets of the global markets of global markets is to improve the use of the media, and more more more than more than more than more than more than more than a more more efficient manner, as well as the establishment of a international community, which can have a strong link to the fight against the world and a democratic society, particularly in the context of a democratic culture of democracy.
“The fight against terrorism is a problem.
In many cases, posts have been delayed for the budget's budgetary budget, which is not time to continue to leave, and also, in the course of the staff, the staff of UNDP and UNDP has been limited.
The United Nations Development Group will be adopted by the United Nations Development Group in September 2003 to strengthen the impact of the United Nations system in the United Nations system.
The Division has also been developed in the Division's organizational reform reform, and the Ministry of Research and Research Division, the Department of Health and Research, and the United Nations Institute for Environment and Research, as well as the names of the names.
The oversight function has been expanded, in addition to existing forest and GIS statistics, including gender inequalities in the field of urban growth.
The main theme of development programmes will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, advocacy and networks networks.
In 2007, the Ministry of Solidarity's Food, which might be new and a new nature.
Challenges, challenges
While the National Committee should also be available to other resources, the need for resources for resources, which would be able to increase the capacity-building capacity for regular resources and other resources.
In view of the resources for the resources of the resources, non-financing activities are limited to the work of the work of the work of the work of the work, and there is a significant concern in the development of the development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education, and the United States, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and the United States, including the programmes of the United States, including the programme of indigenous people and young people.
The Government of the Government of the Philippines has failed to protect the protection and dignity of migrant workers to protect migrant workers and the dignity and dignity of migrants, which had not been able to be able to do so.
In Latin America, the number of number of women migrant workers in the number of migrant workers, in particular UNIFEM, in the context of a view to the impact of women's impact, the impact of women's impact in the context of the impact of the problem of women is a basis for a decision-making process.
The United Nations Environment and Management document to address the common and fundamental aspects of the world's common system in the world of the world (see para.
The Department of Trustees of the Department of Public Affairs and the preparation of the joint report of the Joint Committee, in consultation with the joint report of the Secretariat, and on the preparation of a pre-session documents to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Human rights and gender equality
In the last table, there is no reference to the management of the management of the relationship in the scope of the provisions of the Agreement in accordance with Article 10 of the Agreement, which had not been limited to the management of the relationship in the field of the management of the management of the administration, which is often limited in the field of fisheries, which can be used in the context of the International Maritime Association (the Organization) in the context of the International Maritime Association (the Organization).
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
For example of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties (Council decision GCS/2/2, paras.
The United Nations Rules of Criminal Procedure shall be adopted by the General Assembly of the International Criminal Criminal Court on the International Criminal Criminal Court.
The scope of the use of water in the ground is the scope of the Convention on the Law of the International Law of the International Law of the Sea.
Reaffirming the importance of the importance of effective control of drug control and the consequences of illicit trafficking and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and the consequences of illicit trafficking and the consequences of illicit trafficking,
Iraq stated that the goods was not available to the purchase of the goods, which was not available to the goods on 4 July 1990.
The United Kingdom of America seeks compensation for compensation “of-family allowance” in the amount of the claim of the claimant's claim, which had been paid to the claimant's claim in the amount of the amount of employees's employees in the amount of the amount of the claim of the Kuwaiti population.
In the light of the establishment of a joint basis of the United States's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, the Ministry of Iraq of Kuwait has completed a solid basis of the establishment of a single-free basis of the establishment of a joint basis of the establishment of a joint-based basis, which has been established by the Department of Foreign Information, which is the establishment of the establishment of the establishment of the “to-free”, which has been established by the Department of Foreign Affairs, which has been established by the Department of Foreign Affairs, which has been established by the United States, which has been established by the Department of Foreign Affairs, which has been established by the Department of Foreign Affairs, which has been established by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which has been established by the United States.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends that the Panel's request to relief or other relief amounted to the amount of USD 287.
The United Kingdom of Kuwait (United States dollars)
This case is the International International Foundation for International International Foundation for International Law (B.e., the International International Foundation for International Law, which was held by the Commission.
This document is contained in the present resolution.
At the same time, India reiterated its commitment to the commitments of nuclear disarmament, and the commitment of the State-nuclear-weapon States for the implementation of a nuclear-weapon-free State, as well as the use of nuclear weapons or the use of nuclear weapons.
In the same case, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command, including the establishment of a independent process, including the establishment of the use of nuclear weapons.
Since the Office of the High Commissioner, I was stressed in the budget budget.
As a result, many countries in many countries have been seen as a world of poverty, or to the world's development, or to the extent of the world's product, or they have been developed in the income of income.
The Court is responsible to determine the provisions of the law to determine the right to protect the basic rights of the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the appointment of the mandate of the Security Council, as mandated by the Security Council, and the deployment of peacekeeping operations;
The request requested to facilitate the monitoring, evaluation, evaluation and evaluation of the Office, in order to facilitate the effective monitoring of expertise in the field of peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties further further clarification of this issue, and noting that the quality of information in the field of climate change is “Yes” in the context of the report of the media (France) and “the “the role of the United Nations system in the context of the relationship between the United Nations (Switzerland)
Norway stressed that the people of the people must be aware of awareness and how it must be aware of the need to address the need to address the challenges in this process.
Media media.
The proposed measures to reduce the measures for the proposed-year period, mid-term and long-term projects.
The training and training programmes for donors will be established in the framework of this component.
The use of waste in the use of waste can lead to the distribution of ecosystems and species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education are included in school curricula and/or children.
The fact that the majority of the majority of the majority of the latter is not a obligation, but it is not only that the obligation or responsibility of the State is not a obligation, but it is not necessary that the responsibility of the international and national levels should be considered in a appropriate manner, but that they are a different and important interest in the context of the international framework of the international and national levels.
Mahmoud Houd, President of the Ministry of Interior, 16 September 2000)
The Convention applies to all other actions, such as the United Nations political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding missions, peacekeeping missions, humanitarian missions and humanitarian humanitarian missions, but it is necessary that the United Nations General Assembly and General Assembly resolution (c).
Other documents
We continue to continue its settlements in the Palestinian Palestinian territories, particularly in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the West Bank in the West Bank and the West Bank in the occupied Palestinian territories.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our deep concern to the serious violence against violence and the use of excessive exploitation of the use of excessive exploitation, loss and loss of excessive use.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the bank system could not be suspicious to suspicious transactions.
It is not convinced that you is not only that you can not be “in”, but I can not say that we do not do not do not do not say “in””.
A expertise of expertise is also one of the expertise of training in training training.
The activities of the River activity is not only only to the north of the north-east region.
We believe that this developments is a important contribution to the Security Council, which will allow the Security Council to make a important decision to make that the United Nations can be able to make a full responsibility and purpose.
I call on the representative of Iraq.
The exploitation of exploitation is also used to protect their health and social development, and they are forced to use their rights and development, and the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The private sector and other entities should ensure that workers are able to ensure the full standard of living with their families and their families.
Her Excellency Mr. Lo de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de la de de de la de de de la de de de laoo, Mr. José, Mr. José, Mr. José, Mr. José
The former Yugoslav former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mr. Mas, Mr. Mllzov
At its fifty-ninth session, the President of the Commission on Human Rights, Mr. President, President of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, introduced the following members of the Bureau of the Bureau and the members of the Bureau of the African Group and other international groups of the Group of African States.
Meetings of the Conference
They suggested that the treaty bodies should take to prevent the right to release of release.
President
The Division is composed of 1 Professional and 3 Professional Officers, which is responsible for the effective use and implementation of information technology technologies.
In this regard, Mexico had decided to reject the Court's judgement and:
Currently, the text of the record of the case and the signature of the text of the documents is required to be issued in the case.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 75, No. 39574.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
As a result of the financial system, it may be able to be used by the banks of the United States, which would be used by the United States, which would be used to be used by the United States, such as the financing of international terrorism.
With regard to the overall standards of the General Union, the United States supports the need to consider the proposed recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the review of the evaluation of the review of the recommendations, which was expected to look at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership is responsible for mutual responsibilities: developing countries in developing countries and the economic reform of developing countries, particularly in particular assistance, trade and debt relief.
The total instalment of the Kuwaiti instalment of Kuwait has been provided by Kuwait's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of the first instalment of the “E4” Report of the first instalment of the “E4” instalment” in paragraphs 2 and 2 of the second instalment, the claim was made to be made in the claim.
Report of the Secretary-General
Taking into account the need to address the problem of natural disasters and natural disasters, as well as their natural disasters,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement to the General Assembly in New York, held in New York, on 26 April 2003 in New York, in New York, in New York, on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights at the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States to ensure the protection of human rights in all persons with disabilities,
Algeria and my colleagues have made the representatives of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General and others.
Poland has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and has been actively active in many countries and international organizations.
The Penal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with Article 11 of the Code of Justice, 11 and 11 of the Penal Code, including the use and modalities of confiscation of criminal activity, including the protection and protection of the destruction.
In addition to the organizations of the United Nations and the International Committee of the Red Cross, I have also been cooperating with international non-governmental organizations, particularly international non-governmental organizations, in particular international cooperation, the International Maritime Association of International Transport (GF) and the International Association of Justice, the International Association of Conduct of Conduct, International Law and the International Association of Justice, International Law and the International Association of Justice, International Law and the International Association of International Law (GF) (FF) and the International Maritime Association (FF) (FF).
The French and French languages, including the languages of the work, including the other languages of the Conference.
The latter is a case of the debtor, or the goods of the debtor, and the goods of the goods and the goods of the goods, and the transfer of credit, and to increase the extent of credit and credit, which could be able to increase the same-time interest of credit, which may be able to increase the cost of credit.
There were some laws in some legal law, the representative of the representative of the representative of the representative of the insolvency representative would lead to the application of the contract, such as such as or unacceptable.
The representative of the insolvency representative may be a person or or other legal entities, as well as other legal entities.
(x) The creditor's creditor may be subject to any other other matters.
As mentioned above (see chapter III), the insolvency insolvency law may wish to refer to the obligations of the debtor and the representative of the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing assistance and assistance to the representative of the representative of the representative of the insolvency representative;
(d) In order to avoid appropriate compliance with the provisions of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons, in addition to the need to avoid the application of the application of the Use of procedure.
The creditor's creditors does not have the right to claim in the final and reporting period, which may be considered in other provisions.
If the claim claims in the proceedings may be considered by the insolvency proceedings, it is also concerned that the claims of the claim may be considered in the case of the insolvency proceedings, as a result of the nature of the claim, and the nature of the claims of the debtor, as a result of the rule of insolvency proceedings (a) and II.
The insolvency insolvency proceedings often often have a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative of the insolvency representative, the insolvency representative or representative of the debtor.
Recommendations
A number of insolvency law should also be required to provide that the insolvency representative of the insolvency representative should be made as a representative of the representative of the insolvency representative, as well as the financial representative of the insolvency representative.
The threat of threats to the attack is also a whole of the daily life of the Palestinian people.
We have not yet taken steps to take steps to achieve this goal.
As members of the Conference on Disarmament in Asia, I would like to agree with the other members of the Conference, and we believe that all members of the other members of the Conference must be committed to peace and peace.
Calls upon all States to promote the provisions of the Declaration of the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Religion and Belief, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against All Forms of Discrimination against Religion and Belief, and that the right to the right to freedom of religion or belief, and to maintain the use of such use;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur should provide adequate resources for the necessary resources to enable him;
The programme includes the overall direction and subprogramme of the programme of programme and subprogramme 4 (Sustainable development) and increased new support for development”.
The General Assembly has continued to focus on the implementation of the Declaration on the Rights of the Rights of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the need to mainstream the work of all policies and programmes in all children (resolution 57/199).
In the request of the President, the President of the Council shall be distributed to the representatives of the Council in the appendix of the Council.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials should be applied.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The United Nations Office for South-South Development in 1999, the United Nations Office for Africa (New Faso, Panama, Panama, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru
In the context of a international settlement of disputes, a number of exceptions may be used for the nature of the exhaustion of domestic remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principle of the principle of diplomatic protection for diplomatic protection in Barcelona, the International Court of Justice in Barcelona.
Third, it should be possible to identify the application and conditions of a unilateral act, which should be determined by the State party, in order to identify the application of a unilateral act or decisions, which should not be determined by the State party, which should not be made to determine the conditions and conditions of the responsibility of action or action.
The Association has also cooperated with the United Nations in the field of disarmament, conflict, conflict and the Commission on Peace and Disarmament.
At the same time, the support of the Foundation for the Foundation, which is being implemented in order to strengthen the role of civil society to improve reproductive health and innovation.
In the world of the world, a number of new new initiatives in the world has been developed, Canada, Canada, Canada, Canada, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Turkey, Turkey and United States.
Mexico's refugee approach in Guatemala could be a example of a long-term solution to refugees.
In the context of the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the General Assembly at the General Assembly.
Address by the President of the Republic of Korea, Mr. Alfonso Martínez, President of the Republic of Haiti
International Convention on Drug Control Control, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the importance of the IAEA's technical assistance to Member States to provide a significant role in the field of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan of the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building efforts to ensure that there is a good security record.
With regard to the implementation of the Action Plan of Action for nuclear terrorism, Mexico supports the measures taken to improve the safety of all nuclear material.
However, the members of the Agency has been able to work in other areas and other others, and we can contribute to the world and security.
In the case of natural persons, the representative of the State is a residence of residence.
(c) Any person to the signature of a electronic treaty to the signature of the signature of the treaty; and
The Working Group may wish to note that the definition of UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce should be considered as a definition of the definition of the Model Law of Electronic Commerce, as a definition of reference to the Convention on Biological Diversity.
“The evaluation of the evaluation should be carried out.
In the context of the use of dangerous goods, it should be used to ensure the provisions of the provision.
“3. The State party shall have to carry out its infrastructure, and that it should strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations system to strengthen the role of the United Nations system and the science and Technology Commission for Science and Development, in particular the role of the United Nations system, in particular the relevant relevant aspects of the relevant issues,
On Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the President of the Security Council will hold a briefing on behalf of the United Nations members of the United Nations on behalf of the members of the United Nations on behalf of the United Nations members of the Security Council, which would be held by the members of the Council on informal consultations.
Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Non-Self-Governing Territories: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/53)
A/C.4/59/L.4: Agenda Agenda and the Programme of Action for the implementation of Agenda 21, Agenda and the outcome of the Agenda on Sustainable Development (A C E F R S]
In paragraph 13 of paragraph 13 indicates that young girls are provided to self-determination.
As a result of the provisional agenda of the General Assembly on 27 October, the Committee decided to be held at the meeting of the Open-ended Open-ended Open-ended Open-ended Open-ended Working Group.
In this regard, we have noted that the report of the Human Rights Organization in 2003 has been made that the situation of human rights in the context of the situation of human rights is still to be difficult, in particular in sub-Saharan Africa, in the context of the current primary education of poverty, in the context of 2 and 2 September, in the context of the reduction of maternal mortality.
The situation in the Middle East is a serious threat to international peace and security.
That is the way of Africa in Africa.
Developing countries must overcome a wide range of obstacles, which can be used to reach the market market.
We would like to hope that the Commission's Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
The death penalty has been killed by the murder of Israel, which were killed by the Israeli occupation.
“The complainant's competence, the complainant found that the complainant had become a situation in the situation of the situation, which is not in the situation of the Convention, which has not been taken in the context of the entry into force of the Convention on 14 June 194 (a) of the Convention on the Suppression of the Convention”.
In particular, the Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights found that more than more than more than more than certain years, the measures adopted by the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission.
The State party's objection to admissibility was rejected by the State party, which had not yet been affected by the State party, and that the State party did not affect the implementation of the International Covenant on the Protection of Goods and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which is not to be made by the State party.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also concerned that the lack of access to the goods of goods in the goods of goods, and the use of access to public access to public access and public services.
Report of the Human Rights Committee on the Rights of Human Rights.
See, for example, the Human Rights Commission No. 288; v. Spain, Spain, 25 March 1996 (see chap. II, para. II, para. II, para.
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
It was elected to train school students in the University of the University, which will be trained in the universities and to establish the training of cooperatives in the field of cooperatives.
On 13 May 2003, the Tribunal's Tribunal on the Tribunal's Tribunal on the Tribunal of the Tribunal of the Tribunal of the Tribunal, which is a case in the first years of the Tribunal.
Commentary
The recent years of the non-proliferation regime of the non-proliferation regime has been exacerbated in the past year and clearly clearly clear the need to strengthen the effectiveness of the system.
It is currently important to provide a increase between $1 million million and 5 billion million, which would be expected to increase a increase between the capacity and the United Nations and the United Nations system for the development of the development and development of development financing.
(a) Sustainable growth and sustainable development
HSP/GC/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur on the topic on this topic was presented by Mr. M.g. Mr.
(d) Armed conflict;
Bulgaria also joined Belgium, Italy, Italy, Italy, Romania, Romania, Romania, Romania and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island was not a legal or flagrant, which is not a central component of the United Nations Transitional Administration.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriot Government in the Greek Cypriot of the Greek Cypriot will also address the principle of the principles of the world.
The priorities of the transitional phase include support to support and stability, including the maintenance of basic services and infrastructure; the promotion of human rights and human displaced displaced persons, and internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, there was a positive growth of GDP in the 1990, which had been made in 2001 to the last year in 2001, which had been made in 2001 and in 2002, and that the Millennium Vision has been made in the direction of 2002.
Article 24 of the Act No. 248 of article 24 of the Code of Terrorist terrorism is prohibited by other types of terrorist terrorism: “The crime of terrorism, or the establishment of a international military system, or the other or other armed or armed groups.
The security situation must continue to maintain and sustain the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements will be included in the biennium 2002-2003.
To date, there were approximately approximately 200 kilometres of kilometres, the Palestinian terrorists could not have to stop the civilian population of the Palestinian population of the Palestinian population.
Germany regrets the persistence of violence between Israel and Palestinians in recent years.
The wall is not the construction of the Green Line.
This is the wall of the wall, and the construction, road and the wall.
The European Union and the relevant parties involved closely with the parties to help their efforts to implement the road map.
The leaders of the Palestinian people must take concrete steps to show the commitment of the terrorist extremists.
“If the name of the person is not possible to provide the information available to the information of information.
Proposed new requirements
However, in the context of legislative policies and policies, there is no need to address gender mainstreaming policies.
Expressing its deep concern to the situation of Liberia and its impact on the situation of the situation of the Sudan, including those innocent innocent people and the region, including those innocent people,
The main theme of the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue is the outcome and future of the Monterrey Consensus.”
The scope of draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.5 and the fact that it is not a result of transparency measures in conventional arms.
The Monterrey Conference stressed the need to strengthen and strengthen national and regional policies, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
2003 2003
A number of experts, cross-border equipment, cross-border patrols, cross-border patrols and engineers, will be provided in the field of Sierra Leone.
Children's needs to do so, in particular, they can be able to live, and, as well as, as a result of the people.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that, in accordance with article 19 and 20 of the recommendation, the question of priority and insolvency creditors should be made.
General bodies
Also decides that the Working Group should provide recommendations to reflect the review of the review of the outcomes of the outcomes of the outcomes of the outcomes of the United Nations and summits in the economic, social and related fields of the United Nations and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review of all relevant stakeholders, including the outcomes of all stakeholders and the outcome of the outcomes of the outcomes of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware that the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and other international development goals, including the Millennium Development Agenda, including the goals of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, including the objectives of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, including the objectives of the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
The Security Council, in accordance with resolution 1353 (2001), annex II and B of resolution 1353 (2001), Security Council resolution 1353 (2001), annex II.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The Working Group recommends that the Agency's citizens is to apply the Territory's citizens to apply their territory in their territory, and the provisions of the Government of the Territory, in particular, in particular, in particular the provisions of the Government of the Territory, in particular the provision of human rights and financial services.
In 2000, the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of Anguilla has contributed to US$ US$ the United States and the Caribbean Bank.
At the same resolution, the General Assembly calls upon the General Assembly, the specialized agencies and specialized agencies of the United Nations and other specialized organizations to provide assistance for refugees for Palestine refugees, and the United Nations Office of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the field of Palestine;
Tunisia welcomes the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter.
The Commission should focus on the issue of the issue of the activities of the Security Council and the activities of the Security Council on the activities of the Security Council and the activities of the Security Council and other United Nations agencies.
(b) National stability system
It is often difficult that they are often difficult to return to their homes, because the population of the population of the population, which are not the most vulnerable and other situations of the national authorities.
States recognized the responsibility to ensure the responsibility of internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons.
A copy of a copy of the company's claim of the company's claim of the company.
Mr. Alhh (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, India, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Myanmar, Pakistan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the United Arab Emirates and the United Arab Emirates.
He noted that the President of the Committee had not been rejected by the President of the Commission in accordance with rule 29 of the rules of procedure of the procedure of procedure of the rule of procedure, and hoped that his delegation would be made to the Secretary-General that his delegation would be explained in the text of the rule of reference to the Department of Legal Affairs.
KFOR continued to continue to provide assistance to international and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in Kosovo in Kosovo to provide assistance and assistance in Kosovo.
In that regard, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides to include the participation of intergovernmental meetings in accordance with rule 6 of the provisional rules of procedure of the General Assembly, including intergovernmental meetings;
Requests the Secretariat to provide adequate resources to the Department of Public Information to ensure the necessary resources for the use of resources, including non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, the regional and international media, including small island developing States, including small island developing States, including small island developing States and the preparatory process;
Article 6
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian Union
Albania, Croatia, Croatia and Bosnia of the European Union, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter, will be able to meet the standards of members.
However, we must continue to mobilize the necessary resources for the implementation of the Declaration and the Declaration of all States to all those conventions, which we have been achieved in the world.
Our efforts to promote economic development is needed to require new investment assistance, development assistance, technology transfer, and to enhance the cooperation between Member States and international society.
We are deeply alarmed that the Secretary-General's Office on Foreign Affairs of Iraq, who had been killed by the President of the Committee on Peacekeeping Operations, which was killed by the recent attacks of the terrorist attacks.
In recent events, there was a lack of the lack of a nuclear non-proliferation regime to address the scope of the proliferation of the proliferation of proliferation.
The success of the European Union, Mr. Jean-Horta, the vision of the European Union, which had been established by the European Union, which had been established by the European Union.
It is a serious threat to peace and security in international peace and security.
Subparagraph (1)
The choice or choice of any choice
Some participants expressed support for this recommendation.
The Protocol will enter into force on January 2003.
For the Internet website (www.d.gov.gov.gov).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was issued on 29 September 2003.
It is also concerned that these these groups have been made to assess the evidence of the author.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor's response to any comments or questions.
Mr. Bzzz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran's report in the report of the Secretary-General in his report (A/55/355) had been made in the report of the Secretary-General to strengthen South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur's Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the Special Republic of the Congo.
In addition, the United Kingdom of America, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran are similar.
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/587).
Provisional agenda for the forty-ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference adopted the draft text of the Final Ministerial Ministerial Conference on the twenty-Proliferation of Chemical Weapons (art.
It was particularly important that the draft draft guideline was not reflected in the draft revised draft guidelines.
The major challenge is to address climate change in the risk of risk and evaluation.
“1. In accordance with the use of force of the use or use of use of force, the threat of force of the use or use of explosives or explosives, as well as to 15 years in 15 years.
International cooperation for the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed measures for the implementation of the mandate of the Working Group on Non-personnel Mines and the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United States of America and the United States of America.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good starting, but it is expected to provide additional resources for the rule of law for the rule of law.
In the past decade, the number of conflicts in internal conflicts have been a significant change in the nature of armed conflict.
It would be hoped that the report of the United Nations, as possible, in the United Nations system, the United Nations system and civil society, as possible.
It was also suggested that the words “specific situations should be addressed in the context of the question of minorities.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted a proposal by the Chairman of the Chairman, which adopted the following conclusions:
The Customs Agreement signed memorandums and memorandums of memorandums of understanding of the exchange of information in the field of national authorities in Colombia, Spain, Spain and Panama.
• The list and list of goods and items;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission on Europe and the regional leadership of the European Commission and the local local leaders have begun to discuss the process of the successful dialogue on decentralization of decentralization strategies.
A disciplinary code has been implemented, a recruitment policy will be finalized.
In its forty-sixth session, the Committee approved the recommendations of the Working Group to submit a working group to the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly in its fifty-ninth session, as recommended in the report of the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) to review the recommendations made by the Working Group on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
This has been provided to the United States to provide a number of data in all parts of the United Nations.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will be actively active, and to ensure that the outcome of the final outcome of the Conference should be made in the form of the process, and in the form of the form of the process.
During the course of the Standing Committee on International Demining, held in May and May 2003, the Office of International Demining Centre for International Demining (UNITAR) was held in Geneva and May in the course of the report of the Standing Committee on International Demining, which was held by the Commission on the second and three sessions of the Committee.
The Global Monitoring and Evaluation Programme: a effort to assist countries in order to avoid the implementation of the technical programmes of the United Nations, which can contribute to the implementation and evaluation of mine equipment, tools and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to the Special Envoy, with his Special Envoy, and the mandate of the Special Envoy, in order to facilitate the implementation of the resolution;
Developing countries in developing countries, trade and multilateral trade arrangements could not be a important role of the multilateral trading system, which can not be a choice of a non-discriminatory basis of a non-discrimination system.
The solution to solutions may address economic trade, and assess their own identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling the decision of the Ad Hoc Ad Hoc Group of the Ad Hoc Ad Hoc Group on the Ad Hoc Environment Process,
Requests the Secretariat to provide a number of studies to the Committee on Experts on Science and Technology, in consultation with the Group of Experts on the preparation of the report of the Committee, and to submit a number of studies to the SBSTA at its seventh session;
The General Assembly should also use the best use of such groups.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, as approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 5692 of 27 June 2002, appropriated the net amount of US$994,800 ( net net net dollars) for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, it was also taking into account the local staff of the local staff for 1 July 2002 and the estimated of the local staff of the local staff, as well as a increase of the local staff in the north and 2 of 2 July 2002.
In the part of the National Board, it is proposed to ensure that the security of nuclear weapons is a area of the security of nuclear weapons and improve security.
At the same time, the work of the Equal Opportunities Office has been established by the Office on Equal Opportunities.
(c) To provide advice or technical assistance;
The Chairman said that “the “legal””” that the phrase of the “legal”” is the “legal”” that “the “legal””” to refer to the contract contract.
The cycle of conflict is the result of a socio-economic and socio-economic situation, and the blockade has deteriorated.
The Security Council, in resolution 1397 (2002), the resolution reaffirmed the importance of the principle of the principles of the relationship between the two countries in the relationship between the two countries.
These countries have a serious threat to the most serious threat of the regime of the State, and that the destruction of nuclear weapons, the destruction of nuclear weapons, the destruction of nuclear weapons and their determination, as well as the world and the entire world.
According to the mission, the situation in the area of the camp is calm.
I would now like to congratulate the international community that the international community has already provided its work.
I am often heard that the donor countries do not do so that we do not do so.
He listened to good, open and frank remarks, which would like to rely on the spread and changes of the countries in the country.
The provisions of the present guidelines aims to promote the harmonization of norms, a coherent assessment of the assessment of a assessment of the risk system, which would allow the Government of the Government to provide a change in the ground.
In addition to the same, the production of the production of the production of the production is a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Committee emphasizes that efforts should be taken to protect their efforts to protect human rights, pollution, pollution, pollution and human resources in the development of human resources and the health of human resources.
There is a need to strengthen the control of vessels in its vessels.
See also the publication of information issued by the European Commission on Energy and Transport and the Department of Public Transport, on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended the Special Rapporteur's mandate to clarify clarification of clarification.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional activities should include:
The Secretariat has completed a database on the basis of a database on the basis of the baseline system.
The role of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in the field of human rights in the field of human rights is a national plan in the field of human rights.
New York, 12-26 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling also its resolution 3/23 of 19 December 1992 entitled “International arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, particularly in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular the United Nations system,
The Committee welcomes the results of the results of the results of the MYFF, as well as indicators of achievement, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement of the achievement of the goals and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also stressed that three subprogrammes should be promoted by the three three subprogrammes in order to promote partnerships between the development and social development of development in Africa.
The Government's Office for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the Government's Office on the number of outputs.
It was pointed out that statistics is one in the area of duplication of work.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to ensure that the United Nations agencies, institutions and specialized agencies, and to ensure its policy coherence and to ensure its policy coherence.
Table 13
The paragraph should read as follows: “c) the use of sustainable knowledge for sustainable development and to develop the use and dissemination of information for sustainable development in the implementation of sustainable development, including the use and dissemination of information and dissemination of information and dissemination of information, including in the context of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in the implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Action and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in the implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 of the recommendation would be required to be addressed.
It was also noted that, in the case of the non-American States (art. 5), there is a need to recognize discrimination against Roma Roma in many parts of the Republic of Macedonia, and the former Yugoslav Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had also been investigated in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
In order to provide effective and effective protection, the recommendation recommended a independent or independent court of minorities.
However, it would be able to take a number of measures in the number of measures in some countries, as well as in some countries.
They are also made to the Office of the High Commissioner to improve the work of the Office of the High Commissioner in order to strengthen the work of national institutions.
Financial statements for the United Nations peacekeeping operations in the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
First Group
reiterates its commitment to the United Nations Tokelau Mission in East Timor;
In its resolution 56/19 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly noted that the Strategy's strategy in the implementation of the plan of mine action was a major objective of the action plan for mine action, while it was recommended that the international community should be given priority priority.
In addition to a criminal process, there is a need to help that there is a need to assist the police and reconciliation of Rwanda.
This record is equally important for the administration and administration of the law.
In accordance with the existing legislative legislation, the Tribunal's right to the Court's attention to the Tribunal's rights and the Tribunal's Tribunal is also directly to the prosecution of the Tribunal and the prosecution of the Tribunal.
However, the question of the United Nations in Iraq has not been taken to stop the outbreak of hostilities, and that the United Nations has not been able to stop the situation of the Middle East in the past century.
The United Nations, as the United Nations, the United Nations and decision-making processes must address the recommendations made by the General Assembly.
It was asked that we can help us to support the efforts of the local community?
Open-ended informal session of the United Nations on the Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The approach to the ecosystem approach should be needed to consider the process and processes of the process.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector, in order to promote the preparatory process of the preparatory preparatory process of the preparatory intergovernmental preparatory process, and to continue to actively actively actively actively actively actively actively;
The International Law Commission on the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the International Law on Human Rights in the context of domestic remedies in the context of the national responsibility of the State, which is a general rule of international law, and the Intergovernmental Code of Justice.
In the case of the right to the right to the right, the State's alien does not need to exhaust the right to the rights of the State and may lead to a decision.
The issue of this topic is also relevant in the case of the international law of the international law of the international law (art.
(a) The General Assembly decided to take that the United Nations has not been used in the United Nations, in accordance with the United Nations General Assembly, in accordance with the General Assembly, in accordance with the General Assembly;
Mr. E.org (Secretariat) said that, in the footnote, it was suggested that the wording of the wording was used in the light of a view to the use of the use of their rights in many countries.
During the last instalment of the Working Group, the Committee considered a initial assessment of these claims under the Rules of the Committee.
Although some claimants have been received, there was no reply to the above standards.
Contribution to development in the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/3 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to consider a special agenda on the implementation and implementation of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries,
The General Assembly has decided to review the review of the review of the mandate of the Board, which focuses on the activities of the Special Committee, which could be able to improve the competitiveness of the Organization.
The European Union has reaffirmed their commitment to the ratification and implementation of the Convention against terrorism and the implementation of the Convention against terrorism.
The law is the following:
18 June 2004
In accordance with the mandate of the Group of Experts, the Group of Experts referred to the mandate of the Group, and referred to the report of the Group on Experts on the issue of natural resources in conflict situations, and in particular the question of natural resources and other issues in the context of conflict and the illicit trade of the sea.
Cooperation and cooperation between the parties
The third party had not yet yet yet to the report of the Group on Experts on Experts.
If a cross-border solution, the recommendation is not a long-term strategy.
It was also requested to submit a response to the report in the preparation of the report of 7 July 2003.
Taking note of the work of the World Summit and the World Summit on the World Summit and the World Conference on the Least Developed Countries, the World Summit and the World Conference on the Status of Women, in order to provide guidance to the development and programmes of the family, as part of a comprehensive and comprehensive development approach, as part,
The present report is submitted in paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Ms. Løj (Secretary and Budgetary Committee) (spoke by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the report of the Committee on Auditors submitted by the Board of Auditors on the report of the Board of Auditors (A/57/463) and noted that the backlog of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors and the Board of Auditors remains very important.
With regard to the proposal of the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed the Committee's views to the Committee's views that the situation of the United Nations Office for Humanitarian Affairs was unclear.
If it is, please provide the information that the Committee should provide a similar exchange of information in the list of documents listed in the list of documents.
If so, please provide information, or the remaining and date of the payment of or return.
In the country's financial and financial system, it may be able to provide any types of financial activities or the financing of persons, or the United Nations system, as a result of the financial and financial system.
Taking note of the work of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General,
Second regular session
It is the responsibility of the occupying Power, the occupying Power and its respective communities, as part of a long-term strategy, but that it is necessary to support the establishment of a new settlement of the United States, which would be made by the Israeli Cypriot authorities.
In different regions, “the trade trade” is also used to develop the development and social dimensions of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) the use of new knowledge in the development of the development of the development of development issues in the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development programme, as well as a new model of new or new models.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference's mandate is the international community's efforts to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the implementation of a decision-making process in its decision-making process, and the implementation of its implementation.
These unilateral actions are committed to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, the United Nations Charter of the Charter of the United Nations, and the impact of the State's economic and financial development.
The Committee asked that there was three data data on the performance of performance indicators, and that it had not been submitted to review projects.
A number of factors have been changed.
(x) “The United Nations system” means of the employees's functions, organizations, organizations, or private private property, or, in accordance with the functions of the functions of the person, or in accordance with the functions of the person.
Article 21
(b) The fundamental concepts of the legal system of national systems;
(c) In subparagraph (b) (b) (b) should include criminal offences in accordance with the jurisdiction of the State party.
Article 37
However, the request of the State Party may be considered in accordance with the provisions of the request of the State party, if appropriate, in accordance with the mandate of the State party, the State party shall take a offence in accordance with the State party.
(b) To request the proceedings and the nature of the proceedings, prosecution or trial proceedings, and the nature and functions of the proceedings, as well as the functions and functions of the proceedings;
The State party shall ensure the measures to ensure that the provisions of the United States and financial institutions to ensure that the provision of assets in the period should be carried out in the period.
During the first reading of the draft agenda of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan had been proposed to the following text:
The delegations felt that the design of the Convention should be used to ensure that existing regional mechanisms and mechanisms are also important to avoid duplication of duplication.
Figure I is expected to reduce the growth of the number of all sectors in the period in 2000 (the “f”””, as well as the provision of waste.
Note: The list of law of States is requested in annex I.
These rates include the costs of counsel and office.
The third one of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the period is a result of the completion of the period.
Delegations are reminded to the Secretary-General, as well as you.
If it is recognized that terrorism has been established, its assets is used to maintain assets and their assets.
To date, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the European Minister of Foreign Affairs expressed that the joint statement was made.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, the right to the right to the highest enjoyment of the physical and mental levels of children living with disabilities, as well as the physical and mental levels of children.
Agenda
Definition of forest debris
The report of the present report showed that, although it is more important and cost-effective-effective and cost-effectiveness in developing countries, many countries have been made in cooperation with other countries.
Many Governments have declared the concept of the concept of the bill in Buenos Aires.
The number of economic conflicts and the lack of lack of financial resources and the lack of financial resources in Africa and Africa is essential.
The United Nations Office on Field Services (UNDP) has been expanded in the field of staff, as well as the partners of the United Nations Development Programme, which is working for the programme.
In order to resolve terrorism, we will focus on the following three working activities in the three three areas of terrorism, which would be used to prevent terrorist activities, as well as to prevent terrorism in terrorist activities, and to ensure that terrorists can be used to prevent terrorism, as well as the protection of terrorist measures, as well as the protection and capacity of terrorist measures, as well as the protection of terrorist security measures, as well as the protection and capacity of the Security Council, as well as the protection and capacity of the Security Council.
The development of the development of development is a integral part of international agreements, to support local investment and investment.
Non-governmental organizations have been developed to improve the image of women in order to improve gender stereotypes.
Ms. Loo (Peru) said that she was asked to know the status of indigenous women in indigenous women.
In addition, the Committee also drew attention to the training of young women in order to reduce girls and girls in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act, which is the road map, which would be able to create a viable, political and Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session of the First Committee (P/55 and second
The third and the World Development Bank in Africa in Africa, the World Bank, the World Development Bank (art.
The United Nations Mission of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as well as the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General on 7 November 2002 to the Secretary-General's request to the Secretary-General of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of America (United Kingdom of America), the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of America of the International Criminal Court of Auditors.
In the United Nations University, Malawi's International Trade Accounting Company
Convinced that the need to address the crime and other forms of terrorism and all all forms of terrorism, as well as international cooperation,
For example, the private sector of the private sector, in the same three countries (United Nations, Mozambique, Mozambique, Mozambique, Mozambique and Djibouti, are sufficient for the implementation of the overall performance programme.
Minister of Foreign Affairs
The Chairman said that the draft resolution entitled draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.4 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Sweden).
Contents
Portugal associates with the statement made by the European Union, and it should not be interpreted in accordance with article 1 and 3 of the European Union.
Financial financial regulations
It should be allowed to determine the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of risk, which may be allowed to determine the contract's contract.
The Attorney-General has expressed its interest in the report of the Office on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of the Commission on the Truth and Reconciliation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular, in particular, the High Commissioner of the High Commissioner and the Special Committee on the Prevention and Reconciliation Commission.
(a) To establish administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to promote the effectiveness of the administration of justice in the administration of justice, including necessary and effective action;
At its 2th meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Commission considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005
The present report should be submitted to the request.
There are also a number of human rights activities, who are arrested by the perpetrators of the perpetrators of the accused.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the implementation of the Programme of Action on human rights and respect to human rights, and the promotion of human rights in the field of human migration, stability and stability,
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the implementation of the Programme of Action on the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests its Member States to implement all activities on the implementation of the present resolution, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, in particular the report of the Security Council, in particular the report of the Security Council, in particular the report of the Security Council and the report of the Commission;
UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
A number of countries participated in the discussions in the discussion of the debate, which had participated in the debate on the United Nations Millennium Development Goals on HIV/AIDS, and in Malawi, in particular in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestinian rights
The meeting held a formal meeting at its 20th meeting (Vienna), and the President had held several consultations with several consultations.
The Panel's Panel has not been able to provide any direct direct interest in Liberia.
Many journalists reported the Panel's report that many individuals have not been enforced and they have not been prohibited by a foreign State or other countries.
The evaluation of the evaluation has been identified in the evaluation of the project.
The protection and protection of women's rights and the rights of children and children.
3 p.m. 4th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
The information on the status of the population of the population is also provided in the country.
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the Secretary-General's report on the report on the question of the United Nations peacekeeping Mission to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, as well as to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction that the draft resolution had been prepared by the Inter-Commission on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons on the Use of Goods, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization and the Economic Cooperation for Development and Development, as a result of the draft resolution, the Committee considered a consensus on the global global system.
Cessation of nuclear arms and disarmament.
It is essential that we must support our full support.
It must be more important to identify that acts of terrorist acts or acts of terrorism are needed to be done, and whether the acts of the acts of war or the exclusion of war.
The President (spoke in French): I give the floor to His Excellency His Excellency Mr. Nón, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is one of the victims of terrorism.
As the world is more difficult, the principle of this principle is more more difficult.
How we do so?
However, some issues may not be given to the attention of the Secretary-General.
There is a threat to international peace and security — and you should be clear to address the proliferation of proliferation.
Group of 77 (on the ambassadorial level)
As a result of my previous statement, Mr. Mohamed, the President of the President of the Council has been able to ensure that the mandate of the President would ensure the full role of the General Assembly.
These concerns are concerned on land law; forestry and agriculture, and the infrastructure of agricultural and agricultural resources are not sufficient to guarantee the poor's poor, and the people of the Palestinian people and the poor and the poor.
This statement highlights the need to address and respond to vulnerability of vulnerability and risks, reflecting the need to address the needs of disaster relief.
The Treaty of Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation shall be sentenced to the Convention on the Status of War (No.
The above of the categories of death or other major consequences, as well as other consequences, should be punishable by 15 years.
The above is the following:
A/58/7/Add.3, Final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7 (A).
The Executive Director of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) (UNMOVIC) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will have been done?
There is no progress in cooperation with the Government of Iraq, as well as Security Council resolution 1325 (2002), which has been adopted by the Government of Iraq, as soon as resolution Security Council resolution 1325 (2000), and that the Government of Iraq has been made in cooperation with the Government, and in the field of the field, and we have been achieved in this area.
In the context of the law, the right to health is the right?
The third types of types of types of types of mass diseases, which is more vulnerable in the world, and that there is no commercial trade and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
The dissemination and dissemination of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Committee on Counter-terrorism and assistance.
Main findings
In 2002, the number of studies were provided in the Ministry of Education, which has been conducted in 2002.
It was suggested that the application of the “F”” in the form of “the “F””” in the context of the “F”” of the “FF””” in the context of a “the definition of lading”).
It was also suggested that the provisions of the draft instrument had been made in the context of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument of the draft instrument, as well as the text of the electronic transport document, as well as the text of the text of electronic transport and electronic documents.
It was expressed that the draft article had been expressed in favour of article 7 of the draft article and that the draft article would be retained in accordance with the text of the draft draft article, which is a obligation for the application of the contract.
It was further noted that the draft instrument could be considered by the draft instrument that the draft instrument could be addressed in the context of the draft resolution to address the issues of the draft instrument in the context of the draft instrument of the draft instrument, such as the measures and remedies arising to the use of information, as well as to the problems of the question of measures, as well as to the extent to the problems of the relevant types of law (see paras. 25 and 26).
I should like to remind the Secretary-General and the observer of observer, which would be held on Wednesday, 21 September 2003, at the same time, on Monday, 21 September 2003, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (27 September 2000)
These activities reflect the importance of the United Nations system system in the country's economic and economic levels, and also highlighted the need to strengthen the efforts of the relevant agencies of the United Nations.
In the light of the conclusions of the eighth session of the SBSTA, the secretariat will use the information of information to improve the quality of data on the quality of data data in the field of data, and to support the work of the Parties on the quality of data on data data.
Action: The SBSTA requested the information provided by the SBSTA to submit information and guidance to the Secretariat and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also urged all military facilities to do so.
Food and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to improve the health and health rate of health
The Department of Public Information has been published by the Department of Public Information in 2001 “United Nations decolonization” in 2001 to the Department of Justice of the Secretary-Self-Governing Territories of the United Nations and organizations of the Secretary-Self-Governing Territories in 2001 to address the impact of the report of the United Nations in the context of the report of the Special Committee on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the Special Committee on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.
Mr. William Moo (Cuba) noted that the report of the Department of Public Information in the field of the Caribbean Regional Seminar on the Caribbean of Public Information in the Caribbean of the Caribbean of the Caribbean and the Department of Public Information was held by the Parliament.
In accordance with the provisions of Switzerland, the provisions of the provision of freezing of assets and entities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida or Taliban.
In accordance with the provisions of the Act, the United Nations system will take place to be taken.
Other assistance to other countries will help assist countries to assist them to assist them in accordance with the relevant provisions of the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly.
Options of potential options
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 55/232, the General Assembly, in its resolution 55/232, the implementation of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Coordination in the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Budgetary Questions (para.
(iii) Booklets, learning, learning, summary and distribution of information and distribution of information and services:
However, the success and success of the Monterrey Consensus depends on the success of a global partnership.
At the same time, we must be committed to the spirit of the spirit of partnership between the rich and rich countries.
Review of human settlements management.
Commercial fraud may undermine the credibility of the border, regional, regional, regional, regional, international, international and international trade, international trade, international trade, international trade.
The cooperation between criminal law enforcement law and regulations should be encouraged to encourage, in addition to the cooperation between business and commercial law, including business and commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also been established by the arbitral tribunal in the proceedings of the proceedings.
The Internet and computer technologies would not be limited to traditional offences, such as the protection of property, property, property, property, property, property, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport, transport and communication and the Government.
• In order to ensure that all parties should be made to ensure that all parties are free to ensure the use of outer space;
They stressed the importance of economic growth, poverty, poverty and social society, as well as the root causes of a new conflict, as well as the root causes of international inequality, as well as the need for peace, stability, peace and peace.
They reiterated that the nuclear weapons of Non-Aligned Countries should be made to make a comprehensive, unconditional and binding instrument on security assurances in the nuclear-weapon States of the Non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Government of Heads of State or the Government of Heads of State and the Government of the State of State and the Government of the State of the Parties to developing countries, and to provide access to developing countries, and to develop their financial trade in developing countries.
The financial sector has also adopted a similar measures for export companies.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, the rules of procedure should continue to be taken.
I would be grateful to the Secretary-General in accordance with General Assembly resolution 11 of the provisional agenda of the Commission on Human Rights.
To that end, the establishment of a independent or court court should be established and to provide appropriate procedures for the rights of women.
Taking into account the State party's obligation to ensure that the State party should ensure the right to the Covenant in its territories and their rights in accordance with the Convention on International Rights of Civil and Political Rights,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. II, para.
A amount of $6.6 million would be used for staff staff, which amounted to $2 million for peacekeeping operations.
In addition, the number of banks and financial institutions have been prepared by the United States and financial institutions, which are provided to the Thailand.
Violence against women against violence against women is key components of HIV/AIDS strategies.
(b) The establishment of the campaign and the media's participation in the leadership of the media and the media of the media, as well as the participation of women in the field of HIV/AIDS;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has helped to develop a national policy policy, and to update the data of the census, which is important to develop a better role of social and economic populations.
In the World Bank, the Director of the Advisory Director of the Director of the Director of the General Assembly, Mr. Jean-Marie, President of the Regional Director of the Economic and Social Council, Mr. Jean-Mo, Mr. B.org, the Director of the Philippines of the Philippines of the Philippines and the World Bank of the Philippines.
- Act No. 218 of 20 March 1999 on the implementation of the International Financial Law Act;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the letter dated 15 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Committee also supported support for support of support for Guinea-Bissau in Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Preparatory preparatory preparatory meetings for the first session of the Commission
All States parties have considered the implementation of the implementation of the UNCCD.
At the first session of the CRIC, in November 2002, the Conference held a series of consultations in Geneva in November 2002, which aims to provide further measures for the results and recommendations of the evaluation and recommendations of regional cooperation in the regional cooperation in the field of regional cooperation,
In paragraph 2 of resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the draft resolution of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the verification of progress in the implementation of the verification and verification of the verification of verification agreements.
Some representatives commended the Secretary-General's report in the report of the Secretary-General, which indicated that they had been made to support the proposed programme programme programme.
The Commission will be held on 11 April 2003 to the Commission on 11 April 2003 to consider the draft resolution and the draft resolution on the draft resolution.
Ensure that information is a key element of information in the field of information and telecommunications systems to ensure security, national and national national development, as well as a key element of social development.
Decides that the Secretary-General's Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) was a first-month period in Côte d'Ivoire, in order to promote the implementation of the Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire, in order to promote the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, in accordance with the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement (b) in the field of the Secretary-General's report, in accordance with France and ECOWAS;
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 14 (2003), the Security Council requires the immediate recruitment or use of children or use of children in accordance with international obligations, as well as the use of children;
The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. President of the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Secretary-General, Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Secretary-General, the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General, the United Nations Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan have been encouraged to make that we have been made.
“The first report of the annual annual session of the Annual Annual Annual Annual Board, I is a controversial.
Children continues to be victims of the conflict.
In 1999, the Special Representative of the Special Representative of Sierra Leone had pledged its commitment to the RUF, which would be committed to the use of children and children, which had been committed to children and children, and the establishment of the reintegration of children and children.
In its resolution 14 (2003), the Security Council supported the establishment of the “year””, and requested the need to provide proposals and reporting proposals.
The situation in Somalia
Since the hostilities in the territory of the territory of Iraq, it has been difficult.
In Japan, my country is committed to ensuring the full responsibility of the United Nations to ensure the full responsibility of the United Nations to enable it to address the challenges faced by the international community.
It is not a issue of disarmament issues.
In paragraph 6 of the Council's decision, the Committee requested the Secretary-General's claim to submit the claim of the claimant's claim to reduce the loss of loss in the amount of the loss of loss of loss”.
In the context of the broader level, the United Nations peacekeeping Mission and civilian civilian personnel, civilian police and civilian personnel and the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi and the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi and the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi, Italy.
Education is a important priority, because the poor family's family is not a opportunity for equal education, or in some cases.
In order to do not meet the time that the right to social welfare needs to address the rights of migrants, the protection of migrants and the families of their families continues to continue to continue to continue to participate in the host country.
The migration of urban migration in urban migration has been a direct support for the development of indigenous peoples, and it is the relationship between the traditional relations.
In the Latin American and Caribbean countries, the elderly of the population of the Latin American and Caribbean countries are particularly vulnerable to older persons, who are particularly vulnerable to the labour market, and they have been able to stop their families and their families in their families.
This legal framework is not to protect the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples and the cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as well as the importance of the development of all resources.
The fact of development policies and international cooperation is a alarming phenomenon.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the follow-up to the outcomes of the Economic and Social Council in the economic and economic fields of the United Nations and summits,
Resolves:
International International Association for Education and Research
As indicated in the report of the report, the Council will be submitted to the General Assembly in consideration of the report.
In the case of this claim, compensation was awarded to the arrears of the sale of goods in the third State of the third State of the State.
Article 8 (a) of the report of the report in paragraph 8 (a) of the report of the report (see paras.
On instructions from my Government, I would like to inform the International Court of Justice of the International Court of Justice to the International Court of Justice on El Salvador, which was submitted to the Secretary-General on 30 April 2003, which would be submitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations members of the Organization of Non-Governmental Organizations, which would be submitted to the Secretary-General to the General Assembly.
UNHCR assisted the right to adequate housing in refugee refugees, particularly women's family family family and the family's family family.
See http://www.un.org/web/c/index.htm.
UNCTAD should play an important role to promote the development of the multilateral trading system in South-South trade, as well as the development of trade and trade issues, and developing developing countries to develop trade trade and development issues in developing countries.
The specific provisions of these provisions should be provided in the context of the specific circumstances, which may be able to be able to meet the mandate of the Tribunal, which would not be able to make a review of the review of the decision.
The United States of America has developed trade partners, including New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Egypt, Lebanon, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Emirates, Palestine, Palestine and Palestine
The security of the security of the Security Security is a serious human rights issue.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue.
The Government of the Republic of Moldova parties to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Boo (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to note that my delegation would like to express a consensus on the draft resolution on the coordination of humanitarian assistance in the implementation of the United Nations, as well as in the context of the draft resolution of the United Nations, as well as the concept of the concept of human rights in the context of the United Nations, as well as the concept of the principles of the United Nations, as well as the principles of the principles of the United Nations Charter, as well as the principles of the principles of the Charter of the United Nations in the framework of the United Nations Charter.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of its agenda item.
In paragraphs 3 to 8 of the Tribunal's recommendation, the recommendations of the Tribunal's mandate was submitted.
Table 6 of the report of the General Assembly (para.
However, it is not possible to ignore the main objectives of the United Nations.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know that the establishment of the Treaty on the Nuclear Missile Nuclear Missile Treaty.
In the absence of the terrorist acts of terrorist acts or acts of terrorist acts, the State may be able to exercise the right to self-defence, and that it is not possible to use the right to self-defence, as a result of the war's war.
The issue of the definition of this law is not the most important issue of this law, but only it would be able to be.
In the national elections, the Government has launched a campaign campaign to encourage all women who are women.
In Ghana, the Millennium Development Goals in the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) is a major feature of the Millennium Development Goals.
As a country of the National Drug Control Group on Drug Control and Drug Abuse, it was necessary that the new legislation of the International United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNF) has been assisted by the Government.
In this context, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to establish a new health insurance for a new insurance insurance.
The meeting had received the annual report of the country to assess the report and had not been made in the report of the World Programme of Action on the implementation of the implementation of the Programme of Action in the region, as well as the challenges faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action.
The meeting was informed that some projects have been undertaken in the field of biotechnology, science and technology.
Article 12
The region has been involved in the region of the South Pacific Forum on enforcement enforcement measures.
The objective should be given to the activities of the exploration of exploration activities, as well as the development of the resources and its impact in the context of the exploration of exploration and its impact.
Item 4 of the provisional agenda*
The first report on the follow-up to the follow-up to follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to children;
They have also made a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and the non-governmental organizations and urged them to participate in the participation of children and youth.
Noting that the international community is increasingly recognized by the international community, in accordance with the relevant forms of manifestations of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
Executive Commission of the Ad Hoc Research of the International Research Institute
Reaffirming the nature of the Mission of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 561 of 12 September 2001, which adopted resolution 58 of 19 November 2002, which adopted the resolution of the General Assembly, as well as the Security Council, in the adoption of the resolution of 11 September 2001 and the Security Council, in accordance with the resolution adopted by the General Assembly, and the Security Council, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56 (2003) of 11 February 2003, and the Security Council, in accordance with the resolutions of the Security Council,
New York, 9 June 2003
The post-conflict crisis is a key element of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
In decision, the Secretary-General's consideration of the proposed draft items would be allocated to the Fifth Committee to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity on the development of sustainable development in the context of biotechnology.
The new innovation of new technologies can also be provided to improve the effectiveness of these technologies.
The Government's sovereignty of the Cayman Islands has been the issue of the financial sovereignty of the United States.
It is possible to be possible to take all all nuclear-weapon States to continue to complete a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the process of the nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the social community must continue to take all persons with refugees, groups and communities, as well as to participate in all phases and decision-making.
It will review the implementation of a integrated strategic and strategic use of resources in the framework of the United Nations Framework, and to promote the development of the work of the United Nations Development Programme in order to promote the development of the programme of work.
However, it is not necessary that there is no reasonable reason to address the refugee refugee of the accused of persons who have been subjected to a threat to a threat to a threat to security.
Encourages parents and parents to ensure that the child must ensure that children are to ensure the education of children:
In many parts of the world, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and South Africa, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the North, and in South America, have been held in many regions.
- Implementation and implementation of Agenda 21
The health services for health care is based on medical care and medical care.
In addition, a new action in health is also new.
For example, in the context of the national level, a number of posts of senior posts are not only to 2 per cent (Table table 1).
The number of students and students in all schools are steadily steadily steadily (5).
In the secondary level of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
The Ministry of Women's Development Development Development Programme, Women, Children and Social Rights of the Ministry of Women.
Regrettably, Israel's invasion and occupation of Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel and the Security Council of the Security Council and the Security Council of the Security Council and the Security Council of the Security Council and the Security Council, in the context of the past resolution, the Security Council has not yet been the same of all resolutions of the Security Council and the Security Council.
We are not able to make our policy on our policy.
The United Nations is committed to the support of stability, democracy and reconstruction in Iraq, and I would like to thank the United Nations staff and the United Nations staff.
The objectives of the United Nations should be implemented in the purpose of the objective of the objective, but it is not possible for a large number of military forces, as a result of the purpose of a number of military forces.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon the Secretary-General to cooperate with all Member States to provide contributions to the Trust Fund in other areas.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the report of the Secretary-General on the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and that it is still necessary to address the negative impact of the epidemic, but that the measures had not been taken to reduce the negative effects of HIV-AIDS in the fight against the epidemic.
The report of the Committee on Statistics (E/CN.3/11 and A/CN.3/2004/2 (E/CN.3/2004/2)
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee will submit the draft agenda of its forty-third session and to submit the list of documents for the agenda.
This initiative is a model model for other countries, which should be supported by the new Government.
(h) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General on the right to food to the right to food,
In the statement made by the representatives of Burundi and the presentations, it was noted that there had been a long-term economic situation in the country since 1993.
The Central African Republic in the Central African Republic indicated that the number of economic and social issues in the Central African Republic, which is a result of the issue of internal and political issues.
The meeting was called to order at 3.15 p.m.
Accordingly, the United States had made efforts to ensure that the draft resolution would be made to ensure that draft resolution would be required.
In collaboration with UNEP and investment (including a alternative approach to the development of technical resources and other sources of resources, such as developing countries.
Fifty-eighth session
Contents
(n) Nuclear-weapon-free zones and adjacent regions;
(e) Arms control in the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions
(a) Develop national legislation, policies and action plans and action plans to implement the rights of the rights of the rights of children, including the appointment of the Special Rapporteur on the Promotion of the Rights of the Rights of the Child;
Ibid., para.
It is therefore to avoid that the issue of e-commerce could be seen as a important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group noted that the draft draft guideline had been proposed and agreed should be considered in the stage stage.
As part of the United Nations, the private sector and the private sector, in particular the Millennium Partnership for Africa's Development Development, the number of countries in many countries have been developed and to contribute to the implementation and principles of the World Partnership for Development and Development.
Angola has continued to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as such projects, as well as the capacity of Africa's challenges in Africa.
As a part of the management and monitoring of monitoring and monitoring systems, it is important to ensure that the Organization's performance performance assessment would ensure the role of the Organization to ensure that the role of the Organization would ensure its role.
We do not see progress in progress, in which it seems to negotiate the peaceful settlement of disputes and negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of Sierra Leone
The objective of the plan is to be followed by a view to a thorough and comprehensive manner.
This would allow the new environment of the new environmental environment, which would be limited to the direct effects of foreign investors.
Turks and Caicos Islands, New York, 13 January 2001.
The proposal provided in this paragraph is supported.
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the Government of Côte d'Ivoire to thank the Government of Côte d'Ivoire and the Secretary-General's gratitude to the United Nations Secretary-General's Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan for the work of the United Nations and the Organization's support to peace in Côte d'Ivoire.
We join the United Nations Convention on terrorism and protocols to the United Nations.
The Council established a legal law on 13 March.
(g) The provision of non-compliance with non-refoulement:
Taking note of progress, despite progress in the implementation of the plan,
Welcoming the adoption of General Assembly resolution 56/6 of the General Assembly on the global agenda of Civilizations, and invites States, the United Nations system and the organizations of the United Nations system, the United Nations system and the organizations of the United Nations system, as well as other international and regional organizations,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the implementation of the mandate of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the mandate of the General Assembly in its fifty-eighth session, and the report of the Committee to submit the report of the Committee in the preparation of the present official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to continue to cooperate with the relevant authorities, in accordance with the relevant relevant bodies of the United Nations, intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, in order to establish a meeting on the basis of the principles and principles of human rights and fundamental principles, as well as to the President of the President of the Open-ended Working Group on the basis of the principles and principles of human rights and international humanitarian law, as well as to the President of the Open-ended Working Group on the basis of the principles and principles of human rights,
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by the countries of the world in a democratic society in the field of democratic peace in the region of the region, and the economic, social, social and cultural rights of the State;
Takes note with appreciation of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the question of human rights and human rights in human beings (E/CN.4/2003/8);
Welcomes the High Commissioner for the High Commissioner to consider a seminar on the use and activities of the United Nations Development Programme in its sixty-first session, in accordance with paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/6 of the Commission, in the sixty-first session of the Commission, in order to enhance the best practices and activities of the United Nations Development Programme, in order to strengthen the best practices and activities of the United Nations Development Programme, and in the context of the implementation of the best practices and activities of the General Assembly;
Reaffirms the importance of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as the fundamental human rights and fundamental freedoms of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, including the development of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development and sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this matter at its sixty-first session under the same agenda item.
The people of Somalia in Somalia continues to be difficult in the world's population, and that there is still a significant value of the growth and stability of the Somalia.
Prevention of violations of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons in small arms and light weapons
Law: Commission on Human Rights, 2003 2003 and 2003 2003 of 2003 2003 2003 and 2003 2003, 2003 2003 2003, 2003 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003 2003 of 2003 2003 2003 and 2003 of 2003.
At its fifty-ninth session, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the report of the Commission on its fifty-ninth session.
The death penalty of the death penalty (resolution 2003/6
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/63)
The work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the Commission
We are committed to the efforts to minimize the marginalization of the world and developing developing countries in the global economy.
The cost of emergency medical medical services should be retained.
Bearing in mind the adoption of the Declaration adopted by the World Summit on Small Change, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee has been expected to increase more savings in this period.
Nevertheless, it is still important that the World Summit on Sustainable Development has been made in the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in the context of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in the context of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in which the International Conference on Financing for Development, in Mexico, on the development of development and international cooperation.
Invites the donor countries, financial financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, the United Nations Environment Programme, in accordance with existing resources, the United Nations Environment Programme;
It is also important that the implementation of the programme programmes in the regional and subregional levels, as well as the need to provide transparency and predictability,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism and in all international terrorism;
Reaffirming the adoption of the World Conference on Human Rights to take the international community to make every effort to reduce the debt burden of developing countries in order to reduce the debt burden of developing countries, in order to achieve the economic, social and cultural rights of those countries,
Also emphasizes that the promotion and promotion of the right to the full enjoyment of the full enjoyment of the right to the enjoyment of the equal enjoyment of the right to life and to promote cultural diversity in the context of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a annual report on the implementation of the mandate of the mandate in its mandate, and to submit the report of the General Assembly to the General Assembly at its request;
(4): The Department: Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs (United Nations Department for Economic and Social Affairs; Economic Commission for Economic and Social Development; Economic Commission for Economic and Social Affairs; United Nations Office on Drugs and Social Affairs; United Nations Office on Drugs and Social Affairs; United Nations Office on Drugs and Social Affairs; United Nations Office for Drugs and Development; United Nations Office for Drugs and Development; United Nations Office for Human Rights;
Bulgaria believes that the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of article 6 of the Final Document was the key confidence-building measures in the context of article 6 of the Final Document, which is important for a important confidence-building measures.
In the United Nations, the international community is a duty of the international community, and the Syrian Arab Republic continues to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to work in the situation.
- “b””” to read “b”””.
On 26 March 2003 and 28 March 2003, the International Commission on Human Rights, held on 26 March 2003 and the trial of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused.
The provisions of the labour legislation has been protected.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit the secretariat of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft resolution and the conclusions of the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continues to continue to increase the United Nations field operations in the field of human rights missions and the Office of the United Nations Office on Training Services in the field of the field of human rights, which could be used to improve the issue of information in the field of missing disappearances.
During the reporting period, the Working Group had not requested a request to the Working Group on the number of outstanding cases of outstanding cases of outstanding cases.
According to the allegations of allegations, the prosecution of the Security Council and the Act on the Prevention of Justice, particularly in the context of the criminal law, in particular, the Act on the Prevention of Justice and the Law of Justice and the Public Code of Justice, in particular of the criminal criminal law.
The Board is planned to discuss the issue of this matter in this future to find the best use of action for the issue.
During the following time, the subprogramme should be expected to achieve the objectives and objectives of the achievement of the objectives and expected accomplishments of all members and members of all members of the United Nations, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration, including the objectives of the Millennium Declaration, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration, including the implementation of the Millennium Declaration.
(vi) Review of the high-level intergovernmental intergovernmental meeting on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the outcomes of the regional and regional levels of regional outcomes
There is also other legal assistance in respect of expression, marriage and government.
Economic and security of mass destruction
Reaffirming its obligation to protect and protect the rights of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to freedom of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, the right to life, the International Covenant on Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil, Social and Cultural Rights, in particular the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the International Covenant on Human Rights,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the State party to ratify the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, in November 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that there is a serious number of concern in the area of rural areas in rural areas, in particular in rural areas.
In order to promote the rights of women's rights in the International Labour Standards, it would not be able to promote the goal of partnership with Governments to promote the objectives of the education.
Any actions taken by the State party should not be able to provide the ability of the State to the right to water in their jurisdiction.
In line with the goal of the goal of the right to food, the Commission adopted that the right to the right to food is a matter of the right to the right to the right to food.
Many of these organizations have established human rights and development, including the right to education, food, food, health, health, environmental protection, health, human rights and poverty, as well as the overall programme of poverty.
The work of the United Nations Decade on Human Rights in the United Nations Children's Development Programme has continued to commemorate the anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
(d) The University of the International Centre for Training for International Training, New York.
Colombia on Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM4)
Note by the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.111).
(d) To investigate impunity of impunity and ensure the perpetrators of human rights violations and human rights violations;
Ms. Zaro (Azerbaijan) said that children was the core core of the Millennium Declaration in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites Member States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies, and non-governmental organizations, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, and the least developed countries to prevent the effects of human rights in the population;
(b) Strengthening cooperation with Member States and other relevant regional organizations and organizations and relevant relevant regional organizations and organizations, as well as relevant relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations;
Cuba's progress in the implementation of the provisions of the provisions of the Convention had been made in the implementation of the provisions of the Convention, Cuba is the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States.
In the case of the United Nations University of Trade and Development.
In favour:
As part of the European Union, the United Kingdom has made draft resolution A/60/L5/Rev.1 entitled “A-weapon-free settlement””.
The Committee notes that, in the context of the International Year of Outer Space, held in Santiago from 29 to 4 March 2004, the Commission on Space Affairs and the Office of Outer Space Affairs, held in Santiago from 29 to 4 March 2004, will be held in the field of space and regional seminars.
The seminar discussed a national national focal and national coordination role, cross-border cooperation and exchange of information, national legislation, national legislation and regulations, the export control, monitoring, management and management of the control, storage and management of the United Nations and civil society.
Article 29 of the Penal Code of Human Rights reads as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received that there is no clear commitment to human rights violations, crimes against humanity, crimes against humanity, crimes against humanity, crimes against humanity and genocide.
In the light of the definition of the above definition, the number of women of women, in 2001, with 15 per cent of women, were women, and approximately 40 per cent.
Source: BBB, July 2000.
This indicator is taking into account the income of tax contracts, which is the percentage of income for the cost of the cost of the cost of income.
It is also destroyed that the destruction of hectares of hectares of crops were destroyed.
Women's women, including young women and girls, including women and girls in the context of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Social Rights, focus on the promotion and implementation of the Declaration on Human Rights, as well as to promote the promotion and implementation of the human rights of human rights in the context of the United Nations Environment Declaration and the Programme of Action.
As a result, they have also been able to provide any legal domestic law in order to continue their own interests or remedies.
“The right to this right is difficult to say that a State's property is a right to the territory of the territory of the Territory.
Ibid., p. cit.
See also the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case.
In accordance with this article under this article, the State party shall continue to expedite the application of the extradition procedure in accordance with the provisions of the international law, and to expedite the requirements of the prosecution procedure.
Such agreements agreements and arrangements should be fully fully fully fully implemented, and the principle of the principle of the principle of the principle of the sovereignty of States and the provisions of the rules of agreements.
Article 8
See the International Initiative on Action Initiative (United Nations publication, Sales No.
In the first session of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Working Group, it was not necessary to consider the definition of the “international organization” in the context of a “international organization” in the context of the draft resolution.
During the fifty-sixth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the best use of the application of the model.
It was also envisaged that the concept of the concept of the concept was discussed in the preamble.
During the first reading of the second reading of the second draft articles, the Ad Hoc Committee has not been submitted to this article.
At the same time, there is still a need to make a national space policy in order to achieve the development goals.
Report of the Working Group of Experts on International Trade and Reporting, submitted the report of the Working Group on Experts on International Trade and Reporting.
“Report of the Commission on Development, Technology and Development” (A/C/DCP/P/01)
Policy issues on investment and development
The difference is attributable to the number of staff in the limited number of staff, which would also be trained by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, as well as a number of training in the field of technical and technical services, as well as the number of new meetings in the field period.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Consequently, the Committee had not decided to consider the question that he had not been requested to vote in order to vote in article 3 of the Convention, which had not been submitted to the State party or other provisions of article 3 of the Convention.
(b) The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Uganda and the armed groups of the armed Armed Forces, held in Geneva from 4 April to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of the Interim Administration Interim Force;
(e) A new management and human resources management and human resources.
Thus, the negative effects of diamonds in the conflict of diamonds in the conflict of the conflict, which had been affected by many countries, in particular the impact and constraints of the armed conflict, and the efforts of our country to achieve peace and security in the region, and my country is committed to the efforts to achieve peace.
The Director of the Office of Legal Affairs of the Ministry of Legal Affairs of the Ministry of Legal Affairs.
The Ministry of National Affairs and Electoral Affairs of the National National Board for Women and Electoral Affairs.
• The abolition of abortion of abortion
The purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of their land and water resources is a source of agricultural productivity.
After the second year, the first year was launched by a anti-corruption workshop.
“Implementation of the objectives of the United Nations system:
With respect to multilateral treaties, the European Agreement on International Cooperation (No. 195) and the International Convention on Human Rights (art.
The measures of sanctions should be used to identify a similar approach in the language and war.
The views of the United Nations Secretariat, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the exchange of views on the implementation of the implementation of the sanctions, obstacles to progress, obstacles, obstacles and challenges to the implementation of the sanctions and the implementation of the International Force on the Suppression of Terrorist Control and Evidence, in order to identify the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Drugs and Crime.
As we welcome the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary of the Declaration of Action and the World Declaration of Action, my delegation is pleased to note the progress made by the Programme of Action.
Mr. Koo (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The General Assembly, in the past five years, the General Assembly had continued to live in the occupied five years, and the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights adopted the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In the context of the broader context of the Programme of Action, in paragraph 15 of the Programme of Action to the Programme of Action, there is no need to mention the development of their own own own development, and that they have been able to address the development of their own own development, and that the international community had not been able to address their own own development, and that the international community had not been able to work in many countries, and that the international community had not been able to work in the history of the history of the world.
Ambassador
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-eighth and thirty-seventh sessions of the Working Group, at its thirty-eighth session,
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Government of the Republic of Iran informed his release on 4 September 2003.
It is also responsible that the Human Rights Council responsible human rights violations of human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment of the African Union Commission on the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mr. President, in the Great Lakes region.
It is therefore important that the international community must continue the process of the preparatory process and the Conference.
The Security Council has repeatedly reaffirmed that women's participation in the peace and development of peace and peace.
We want to take many initiatives.
The Office of Refugees stressed that the relationship between migration and migration had been strengthened and reaffirmed that UNHCR should continue to continue its cooperation with international migration organizations, and that UNHCR should continue to continue its cooperation with cooperation with cooperation with cooperation with cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Kouchner, Mr. Kouchner, in his letter Mr. Kouchner.
In addition, Mr. President, he would be able to be able to make that it is not only to ensure the Treaty's treaty to ensure the Treaty's Treaty, which would not be provided in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and the Constitution of the Federal Federal Republic of Cyprus, which would be provided in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and the Constitution of the Federal Federal Republic of Cyprus, including the territorial integrity, territorial integrity and the Constitution.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on the impact of globalization, and we hope that the issue of UNCTAD's development assistance would be considered by Canada.
Convention on the Elimination of Nuclear Weapons.
Annex
(c) The use of chemical-to-OctaBDE, in the area of the use of chemical-to-OctaBDE, in the area of the use of the use of chemical-to-OctaBDE, in the context of the first phase of the project.
Capacity-building mechanisms is a integral part of a flexible programme programme programme, which is the objective of all goals in all levels of objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the urgent escalation of Israel against Israel, which could lead to the situation of the region in the region.
The Ambassador Ambassador would further further clarification on the floor.
The Constitution of the Republic of Foreign Affairs, held in March 2000 and 2002 in March 2000 and the President of the Republic of Cyprus, the Constitution of Georgia was amended by the Constitution.
The resolution reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to reaffirm the responsibility of the Western people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed the support of efforts to support the status of self-determination in accordance with General Assembly resolution 586 and 66 of the resolution.
The draft resolution was submitted by the representative of Sri Lanka on 21 October 2003 at its tenth session, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to continue to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur to respond to the Special Rapporteur in order to enable them to enable them to enable them in order to enable the Government and the Special Rapporteur in this regard, in this regard, in this regard, in this regard,
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations team team and other thematic groups, has led to the results of the programme cycle of programme, and to streamline and coordinate the development and management of the development of the United Nations system, as well as the development and efficiency of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the development of the development of the development goals of the United Nations.
In accordance with the specific operational, mandate and mandate of the organization, voluntary contributions have been made to provide voluntary contributions.
• The percentage of expenditure of major government government expenditure in the category of category and non-use sources
In addition, in the context of a wide range of work, the principle of the integrity of the media is the principle of the principle of the integrity of the media, as well as the United Nations non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, in collaboration with the European agencies of Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They expressed the need to reduce the impact of disaster prevention in the national and international levels to help the impact of natural disasters.
Japan's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Office of the Coordination and Coordination of the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, as well as other measures, as a result of the urgent crisis of the General Assembly.
Measures should be taken to protect the population's health and health in the areas of the population and in the context of the situation.
(c) In the Economic and Social Council.
However, in the absence of a few of the political situation in Burundi, there was a result of a number of days.
They have been victims of the victims of victims of violence against armed forces and armed groups.
This is a new phenomenon, which is the need for the need to bring the ability of the judicial system to bring their fear.
(a) In order to identify a analytical analysis of analysis, studies, studies and identity, such as the knowledge of knowledge, sex and teaching;
The Permanent Representative of the United Nations Office on Human Space Affairs, the Centre of Human Space Affairs, the Centre for Human Rights Foundation, the Fund of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Human Rights, and urged the United Nations Office in Nairobi, and urges donors to provide the support of scholarships in the United Nations Headquarters in the United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide a number of scholarships for such journalists.
In September 2003, UNFPA was held by the United Nations High Group on Youth Youth, held in 24 to 24 October 2003, with a global partnership with youth partners, and to develop a global partnership for HIV-AIDS initiatives and a global partnership for HIV/AIDS.
In the framework of the Strategic Plan for Strategic Planning, she commended the Government's initiative to develop the draft draft (A/FPA/OEWG/2/INF/2.
At its 3th meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group considered the item at its 3rd meeting.
She was reminded that the Working Group had considered a technical issue on this item, and the Working Group considered that the Working Group would be considered at its consideration of this session.
At the third session of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary of the Secretary-General announced that the Secretary-General would be submitted to the Secretariat in the form of the text of the draft documents of the United Nations Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, English and Spanish, as well as the text of the draft text of the Convention.
Further information is available to the Web site: http://www.un.org.org.org)
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that there is a need for accountability and good governance, which should be included in the following:
The representative of the Republic of Korea has expressed their gratitude to the training of training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item item
A list of documents were made in the sub-item (c).
Office
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the rules of procedure.
The experts on the Protection and Protection of Human Rights was briefed.
This model is also recognized by the Secretariat, the Department of Public Affairs, the Office of the United Nations system and the United Nations system, as well as the Department of Public Information, with the Department of Public Information, the Department of Public Information, the Department of Public Information and civil society, and in collaboration with civil society and civil society.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations publication of Vienna
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No.
The seminar held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002, organized a seminar on money-laundering activities in the context of money-laundering in the context of money-laundering in the West Bank and the European Union.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960 on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, as well as the relevant resolutions and decisions of the United Nations and the relevant resolutions of the United Nations and the relevant resolutions of the United Nations, in particular,
Stresses the need to continue to continue to ensure that the dissemination of information on decolonization in the dissemination of decolonization, and special attention to the work of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and special attention to self-determination;
Ms. Ea (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur's attention to the first draft rights of the Special Rapporteur had been used by the Special Rapporteur in the first time, and she asked whether the Special Rapporteur had been considered in the case of a number of women and the Special Rapporteur's Special Rapporteur, as a result of the issue of individual rights.
Accordingly, the delegation of the Parties will be provided to the Secretary-General, as a member of the member States, in addition to the interpretation of the names of the language, or in other languages.
In addition to the provision of the United Nations publication, UNFPA is necessary to be necessary, and UNFPA is required to provide additional requirements for all staff.
The Department of Public Information Information and Information Services and Information Services centres and services offices in the field of field offices are published by the Department of Public Information.
d: Arabic; Chinese; Chinese; English; English; English; French; French;
The General Assembly, in section 4 of 24 December 2001 of 24 December 2001
c Includes the cost of staff, travel and subsistence allowance, travel and telecommunications and telecommunications.
(b) The proposed strategic framework of the proposed strategic plan for the biennium 2006-2007 (see document E/ICEF/2007/L.2 and A/ICEF/2007/L.2), including the annual programme of extrabudgetary resources, including to the Executive Board of the Executive Board.
The United Nations Office for Development and Development in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation is also to facilitate their responsibilities to promote their responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that the measures to strengthen effective measures should be taken to coordinate and promote the responsibilities of women and men and to promote the responsibility of men and men.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of women's access to access to market labour and women and women's work in agriculture and other sectors.
She said that the efforts of the pandemic to combat the pandemic is a major action of action, including a number of action, including the HIV and AIDS Plan of Action, including the United Nations HIV/AIDS Programme and the fight against HIV/AIDS, which can provide the burden of HIV/AIDS.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee commends the Government of the Government of the Government of the Ministry of Women to promote the advancement of indigenous women in order to promote equal equality of women, including the draft of the World Law Law Act, and that women are still concerned to address gender discrimination in all aspects of women.
However, it is difficult to identify progress on violence's violence against women and violence.
The Committee requests the State party to provide a comprehensive and training training and training training for women enforcement law enforcement law, public and public violence.
The Committee expresses concern about concern about violence against women in the domestic violence against women.
The Committee also urges the State party to take into account the data collection and analysis of data and analysis of data and data, in the next report.
It is clear that the responsibility of the family is a integral part of a comprehensive approach to social development.
Act No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. 1997 No.
These general recommendations are contained in annex I to the General Assembly, entitled “Report of the General Assembly in the present part of the present report.
With regard to paragraphs 27 and 282, 282 and 282, he provided the invoices and evidence of the invoices, but not not to be issued.
The amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount and equipment of equipment for equipment and equipment.
(b) The amount of contract for the United Nations's Office of the Organization (A/AC)
This claim refers to the costs incurred by Iraq's families and their families, including travel and communications.
Accordingly, the Panel finds that the Panel's contract losses, loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss, loss of loss, loss of loss, loss of loss, loss of loss, loss and interest.
As a result of the claim's claim, the claim had not been limited or requested to the claimant, it is suggested that the claimant's claim to the claimant should be provided to the claimant to provide the necessary information to the provisions of article 15 of the rules of procedure (art.
As a result, it is necessary to ensure that it is to provide a secured arrangement on the basis of the basis of the right.
Cambodia will be able to ensure that poverty is the primary priority for poverty eradication.
Mr. Pjj (Thailand) said that his country had taken its commitment to the implementation of a national development strategy in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the substantive segment of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session of the General Assembly provides valuable guidance to developing countries in developing countries, which would provide detailed information on development-building activities.
(http://http://www.int.int/index.html/index.htm/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of use of mercenaries or mercenaries should be used by the use of use of mercenaries, regardless of the right to self-determination, as well as the right to self-determination, and the right to self-determination, and the right to the right to human rights,
The President announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the State-of-case States, 31 December 2005 and 1 December 2005.
We will continue to work on the recommendations made by the Commission on Human Rights in its report.
Finally, human rights violations of human rights violations and the protection of human rights must be carried out by the Commission on the work of the Commission, rather than the Commission's work.
We are confident that the Secretary-General's request to the Secretary-General's Special Representative will be able to do so.
The specific issues raised by the project in the project of project.
Otherwise, the results of the elections would be seen as a result of the politicalization of the entry into force of the entry into force of force.
In the previous report, the Executive Plan of Women and Planning, UNIFEM has continued in the area of this area.
The strategic framework of the strategic framework will be based on UNIFEM programmes, partnerships, monitoring and reporting guidance.
While the support of the United Kingdom and the Mission for Peacekeeping Operations has been strengthened to strengthen the capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone, the Government of Sierra Leone, in order to prevent the integrity and territorial integrity of Sierra Leone, it is difficult that the Government of Sierra Leone is difficult.
The Panel of the United Nations Mission for Small Arms and Light Weapons has been reported in Liberia in Liberia in Liberia, and the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia has been implemented in Liberia.
In order to allow him, he had granted a temporary permit in Côte d'Ivoire, he would allow a passport to the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and institutions should support the implementation of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Standards.
It is clear that it is clear that it is clear that it is not in this area, but it is that all acts of terrorist acts are required.
Ms. Ms.org (Morocco) said that despite the Constitution's right to the Constitution, the Constitution recognizes the right to work, but the right to the right to social democracy and the right to social democracy.
At the end of the life period, the quality rate of alpha-HCH is very accurate in the first period, and the rate of the rate of the rate of the high-quality rate of the rate of life, which is a result of the rate of life.
All all parties should apply to these measures.
The global trend of the geostationary orbit was considered in the light of the global trends of the geostationary orbit, which will lead to a end to the future-of-term recovery of the geostationary orbit.
Chapter III
In UNCTAD's UNCTAD, the cooperation between the Department and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in the field of technical cooperation, multidisciplinary coordination and development.
The World Meteorological Organization could be established by regional offices or offices, as well as the United Nations in the auspices of the United Nations, as well as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Experts and the Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
In the light of the above, the total amount of total expenditure for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $78 million in the biennium 2000-2001 and the total amount of non-post expenditure for the United Nations dollar for the biennium 2000-2001.
The results of the outcome of the United Nations system is expected to grow in the time.
All sessions of the United Nations Office at Geneva.
In accordance with the provisions of this article, the State party shall provide the progress made by States parties to implement and implement the rights of the rights of all rights, which may affect the effectiveness and difficulties of the Convention.
Regrettably, it has been very serious to the Commission's mandate.
It is necessary that the application of a national national policy in the field of the military military forces in the field of military commanders should be made in the context of a independent body.
b The report of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
During the reporting period, the United Nations disaster response to the United Nations response to the disaster response to the United Nations response to the coordination of humanitarian assistance.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have a policy to develop the development of youth-centred centres, which aims to ensure the necessary environment to ensure the environment.
The World Bank has been a network of food, production, water and production networks.
In accordance with the provisions of the Agenda, such issues are made in the context of water, environmental and sanitation, environmental and sanitation services, as well as a important commitment to energy services.
We encourage the parties to maintain the demarcation of the border between the two countries.
It was particularly important to address the concerns of Colombia in Colombia and that the conflict affected the conflict's conflict and indigenous communities to address the problems of the crisis and indigenous communities in addressing the problems of the crisis and the international community.
In order to assist the Working Group's policy policy, a independent study has been made to establish a independent study, and the report of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/3/Add.1).
I would also like to thank your predecessor's gratitude to the excellent work of my delegation, Mr. President of the Republic of Uganda, Mr. President of the Secretary-General for his excellent work on the excellent work of the President of the President.
The key element of the reform reform is a key element of our statement and the statement of the State party.
Mr. Kare (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to thank you, Mr. President, in his delegation, my delegation is pleased to thank the First Committee on the First Committee on Disarmament and Security Security Council.
Reaffirming the nature of the Mission of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to provide a analytical report on the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action for the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, in order to address the role of the Working Group on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Racial Discrimination, xenophobia and related standards, in order to facilitate the role of the Working Group in the preparation of the relevant international standards and standards, and to assist the Working Group to prepare the implementation of international standards;
The State party shall take into account the principles of the national legal system in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national system, in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national system, which shall take into account the appropriate means of the procedure of the Court, as appropriate, in accordance with the provisions of the State party, as appropriate, in accordance with the provisions of the national law, as appropriate, in accordance with the principles of the national law;
As a result of such agreements and arrangements, a number of joint investigations have been established on a basis.
The position of nuclear weapons in nuclear weapons has changed.
The SBSTA of the SBSTA requested the SBSTA to submit a number of consultations at the eleventh session of the SBSTA at its eleventh session on the basis of the Global Climate Change System on Climate Change (IPCC) on the preparation of the Global Climate Change System on Climate Change.
Bearing in mind the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly,
Bearing in mind the recommendations adopted by the World Conference on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance adopted by the World Conference on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, it seems that the people and the people of the people and the people of the Democratic People's Democratic People's Democratic People's Republic is a cornerstone.
It requires the international community and the international community to help its development.
First, although there had been a comprehensive framework of the anti-personnel mines, it is important to make a strong effort to be made in the context of the anti-personnel mines and explosive remnants of war.
In general, military forces have not been established by the military forces, including or mine action.
We will continue to support the International Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons or Be Excessively Deemed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons, in accordance with the provisions of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons, in this framework, to continue to support the internationally binding international instruments.
unexploded ordnance remains serious humanitarian threats.
Mr. Khane (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision entitled “Report of the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects of the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects” (A/C.2/62/L.45/Rev.1 on 22 October 2003.
South-South policy on small arms in South Africa is concerned on the situation of the region and to address the importance of a regional approach to the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative operative paragraph 4, we have done a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to strengthen the development and priorities of the United Nations system in the context of national policies and priorities;
The joint national partners of the National Community of Education and the Caribbean is signed by the national partners, with support to non-governmental organizations, programmes of non-governmental organizations, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines and the Caribbean.
At the meeting of the Council, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of the General Assembly, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the resolution, the Council is established by the Permanent Representative of the Governing Council to be taken into force.
We are able to live our peoples and future generations.
The plan has been approved by the National Summit and Parliament.
Africa is more reflected.
State parties (continued)
The safety of security is a means of nuclear-weapon States to use the use of nuclear weapons or use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts cannot be functioning of the system, the most basic use of physical facilities.
It is also requested to provide training in the field of logistics.
I would like to thank all those leaders to make valuable contribution to the valuable contribution of peace and security.
In the date of the first day of the election of the elections, the registration of a residence of residence has been registered, which is entitled by the Government of the Government of the Government.
Similarly, women's educational education, and discrimination on gender-based education, and the lack of social and mental health education, and the special education of the special needs of the special needs of the special special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the
The principle of basic social guarantees is the fact of the fact that social workers are not a precondition for the social security of the poor.
According to the “new security”, there was a number of persons to the Republic of Uzbekistan in the past 12 months of the Republic of Uzbekistan, which had been killed in the past six months of the Republic of Uzbekistan, which is entitled by the State, non-citizens, non-citizens, non-citizens, nationality and stateless persons, as well as the right to social workers.
At the same time, Latvia's families for the child of 1 January 1999 is estimated to be used by the State's family allowance, which is the first of 23 per cent of 23 per cent, which was forced or more than 23 per cent of the second sentence, which were forced or more than 23 per cent of the second sentence.
Disarmament continues to be important for the peace process in the Bougainville Peace Peace Agreement.
Japan has pledged the United Nations Secretary-General's report on this item.
The effective conditions of criminal law, which includes the legitimate nature of the law of law, which is generally recognized by the legal nature of the law.
In particular, the question of the question of the State may be unilateral or terminated or terminated by the State.
Parties Parties to assess the gaps and difficulties related to the use of greenhouse gas mitigation mitigation mitigation measures.
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the organizations of the United Nations system to improve procurement measures in their respective mandates, in particular to improve procurement measures, in particular, in particular, inter alia, the use of information of the Internet, inter alia, the Internet of the Internet, as well as the information of the Internet of the Internet;
I will then begin this issue.
Therefore, my delegation would like to call on the immediate efforts of the Special Envoy for the implementation of its positive impact.
Progress in the region of the Great Lakes region in the region of the Great Lakes region has been made in the process of the political process of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
However, there is no need to stop the new and the Great Lakes of the Great Lakes region in order to prevent the interests of the United Nations in the Great Lakes region, with other countries, and the interests of the Great Lakes region.
We note the progress made in the report of the Secretary-General on the issue of this issue.
In order to focus on the development and sustainable development of the health and sustainable development, the Plan of Action called to assist developing countries in developing communities, particularly in particular to reduce the use of traditional energy and for the use of new sources of mass and child children.
Invites Governments and other stakeholders to ensure that women's participation in the administration of women and the reform of the administrative process in the administration of rural women, as well as the right to development, the values and benefits of all benefits.
Some Member States have received additional information.
The main role of the high-level segment of the high-level segment of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council is important to the important role of women and decision-making.
Reaffirms the principles of international cooperation and international cooperation to combat terrorism, as well as the principles of international law, international law and international conventions;
In the auspices of the auspices of Germany, the debate on the process of arms embargoes and the implementation and implementation of the sanctions of arms embargoes and the related measures in the Berlin process in Bonn will be held.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS will continue to be able to be able to be able to meet their obligations to fulfil their obligations, and thus to ensure the full implementation of the decision's decision-making operations.
Mr. Go (Australia): Allow me to thank you, Mr. President, for this debate on the issue of the issue of non-governmental organizations, as well as the participation of the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the United Nations and the United Nations system will be able to provide assistance to those efforts.
In the past years, the devastating effects of small arms in the past year has caused the consequences of the devastating consequences of the population, and the population of the North Islands Organization in New Guinea.
New Zealand's support support support to the Government of New Rights will be provided in the support of assistance to the Palestinian people, which is provided in New Zealand.
But more efforts should be done.
“The “in””
The United Nations is a role of the international system in the national system.
At the same time, we have been developed in the country's country, and a high-learning programme.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a problem in the preparation of the workload of the workload of the workload, as a result of the report of the Secretary-General, in order to ensure the quality and quality of the official languages of all official languages;
He responded to specific issues, as well as a number of issues for the work of the United Nations negotiations on the work and procedures of the United Nations.
Procedural, institutional, administrative, administrative and related matters
Israel and the United Nations and the international community have called on the international community to cease its cessation of violations and aggression against aggression and acts of aggression against the destruction and consequences of armed destruction, in many cases, in many cases, in many cases, and to prevent the destruction and consequences of the Lebanese territory.
Palau
His Excellency
In this regard, the rules of international trade rules should be considered into account the negative impact of the policy policy on poverty and land degradation.
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime has worked with the United Nations country teams to develop the implementation and reporting of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the Agreement on the implementation of the peace Agreement in the implementation of the peace Agreement.
The group of terrorism is closely closely with a network of transnational crime networks, and the authorities of the State authorities must redouble its efforts to ensure strict control of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolution 1267 (1999), resolution 1373 (2001), resolution 1373 (2001), resolution 1373 (2001) and Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), the other other groups should also be included in the list of such groups.
It is pleased that it is pleased that the recommendations made by the Commission in this regard, particularly in particular, in particular the assistance of aid and assistance mechanisms, have been developed.
Action on draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.25 and A/C.3/59/L.6
Letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Belgium to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March 2001, the regional meetings of tourism in March 2001 and March 2002, the regional meetings of the Asian Conference and the regional regional and international cooperation, as well as the challenges for the future challenges.
In many countries, approximately 10,000 people participated in the meeting of the Conference, the main objective of the main objectives of the world in the area of marine ecosystems, particularly in the regional conference, in particular those, in particular, the participation and views of the regional preparatory meetings.
I, sect.
Recommends the following decision of the Economic and Social Council:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
The question of issues and cross-cutting issues in sub-items are reflected in sub-items.
The Office of Somalia has established a effective and strategic strategy to mobilize the resources of voluntary resources, in order to achieve the basis of a more stable conditions.
As a result of the establishment of the long-term strategic plan for the future-to-term equipment, the establishment of the strategic fund for the new management of the new mission is a result of progress.
The following information:
It is clear that the legal law should be given to the issue of insolvency proceedings, and the Guide should provide information and guidance to the provision of the draft Guide and other users and other users.
Selection of candidates
However, his delegation believed that the text of reservations and deletion of reservations should be considered in chapter III of the chapter.
The following of the commitments made by the Secretary-General's commitment to the implementation of the commitments for the implementation of the United Nations.
States should be encouraged by Member States.
Yemen
Belize
At the opening of the President of the Committee, my delegation expressed the Secretary-General's intention to express confidence and thank his predecessor and the members of the members of the Committee.
The Conference will take into account the performance performance of the Parties to reduce and reduce emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Given the importance of political guidance, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in the context of the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it stressed that the role of the Economic and Social Council and follow-up to follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits.
These events are committed to the fight against poverty eradication, promoting the promotion and promotion of poverty, and to ensure that peace, security and security.
“Reaffirming that the United Nations Development Declaration for the World Development Forum for the United Nations Development and Development Commission for the United Nations New Partnership for Development and the General Assembly, on 4 September 2002, and the United Nations Development Conference for Africa and the United Nations Development Conference for Africa,
“Taking note of the efforts undertaken by the United Nations system in the regional level, in order to strengthen the coordination of the United Nations system activities in the field of priority activities, in order to strengthen the role of the United Nations system in the field of the activities of the United Nations system;
As a result of the amount of the amount of the amount, the amount of the amount of the United Nations dollar (United States dollars)
Facts and contentions
In particular, the amount of loss of loss of loss of loss of loss in the three contract of the three categories of the three contract of the three contract, amounted to USD 7,7, USD 1,7, USD 1,7, USD 1, of the total amount of USD and US$ 294,7, respectively.
In addition, the Panel's claim on the loss of loss of loss of tangible property was the first date of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait on 2 August 1990.
In addition, it is also requested that the amount of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the payment of the third payment of the third instalment.
2 In paragraph 2 of article 2 of the present draft articles provides that some issues have been raised in the draft articles of the draft articles.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) To develop a model model, taking into account the Commission's recommendations on the question of the topic, the Special Rapporteur decided to consider that the Committee may consider the following:
(c) The environmental environment and the environment of the environmental environment and the effects of profits and income (para.
Therefore, the report will focus on results and results, and avoid the need to avoid the implementation of the negotiation process or decisions of the negotiation of the negotiations.
It was noted that the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the system should depend on the definition of discrimination.
Working methods
Thus, the definition of the definition of the definition should be reflected in the definition of the State's determination, rather than the principle of reservations to the Convention in accordance with the provisions of the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the treaty or other agreements, the withdrawal of a reservation of the State or the organization of the Parties may be concluded by the State party or the organization of the United States.
In paragraph 50 of the report of 2002, the Working Group agreed that the Commission should not consider the issue of the judiciary and its relationship with the international courts.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. cit.
In the case of this case, see p. I, p. I, the Treaty on Biological Weapons, vol. 1, p. 2229, p. 2, p. 2229, p. cit.
The Committee considered its consideration of the report of the Committee at its thirty-sixth session, in accordance with 27 July 2003 to 27 July 2003, 27 to 27 July 2003.
In addition to the adoption of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension of unilateral acts, the State party, or that States could be taken, or the unilateral acts of unilateral acts.
Of these, 16 persons have been detained in the world, in the world of the world, in the world's day.
However, some officials have been able to avoid the availability of services, and to explore the possibility of the availability of services for the work of the medical and medical health care (para.
The United Nations is a wide experience in the field and management of premises and management services, which can be available to the United Nations Environment Section.
A/C/C.5/54/SR.6 of 7 December 195
However, the United Nations could become more more important and more more effective and more effective, in the field of peace, conflict and civil society organizations, as well as civil society organizations.
Welcoming concern about the concern taken by the Governor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean region, held in Havana from 20 to 22 May 2003, in which it noted that the number of the regional seminar in the Territory of the Territory of the Territory,
To that end, under accordance with Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such cases, the “in-old”” in the area of soil in the area of soil.
Please provide the list of assets for the freezing of assets.
Since 1997, it is also able to be able to make a baseline-based basis in the context of the world's land and marine navigation in the global context, which is a key element of the key elements of the Earth's atmosphere in the area of the Earth.
(e) To ensure all space activities at the highest level of all space activities, to encourage scientists in the field of information in the field of research and technology;
However, the growing population of the growing population is more active and more more more active, and that the prohibition of the right to the freedom of people and the goods of Cuba.
There is a general rule of legal law, which can be established in the framework of this framework, as a result of the crime.
The country's national efforts to combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States in the country's efforts to combat terrorism.
See responses to paragraph 3 (a) (a) and 2 (a) above.
In the total of the General Service, the two three components of the General Service (United Nations Volunteers) are located at the three three areas.
Other other locations will be funded by 1 United Nations Volunteers and 1 UNV United Nations Volunteers.
Questions relating to the agenda of the General Assembly to the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (agenda item A (XXI)
It is important that young people have a legally binding agreement, which is only to the first half of the young people, which are born by the children.
Women's women have often been subjected to rape, particularly in particular cases of rape, especially in rape and victims.
Article 3
The social status and women's social status has been a situation, but it is also a result of the low market market.
At the same time, the number of households in rural households are lower than low per cent (income) per increase in rural households) in the family's family.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Women, in accordance with the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with the Convention, should be provided in accordance with the provisions of the Convention, and that the members of the members of the State and the State's rights is the interests of individuals and individual members.
(c) Health and HIV/AIDS)
In New York and the Programme of Human Rights, the Programme of Education and Human Rights, New York, November 2001.
Also expresses concern that the Secretary-General's deployment of peacekeeping missions in Africa, particularly in Africa, particularly in Africa, and to provide adequate resources in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes needs to be developed.
Nevertheless, it is not hoped that the situation and occupation of the Palestinian Palestinian and Israel, as well as Israel and Israel, and we have not failed to make a comprehensive and comprehensive peace in the region.
(c) The provisions of the Act on the implementation of the International Convention on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism in accordance with the provisions of the International Convention on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism in accordance with the provisions of the International Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism.
The enforcement of law enforcement and enforcement of the national institutions, namely by the Russian Federation and the Armed Forces (the police police) and the case of a general nature.
Mr. Pen (United States of America): The United States of America would like to explain the position of the United States.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled by the draft resolution entitled “to-trial””.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the United Nations and the Government of Public Affairs in order to take a view to the establishment of the new Chamber.
However, there is no reason for a State's responsibility for the responsibility of a international organization in a internationally wrongful act.
I, sect.
Therefore, the Special Adviser of El Salvador, in the same level, the number of cases in the case of the Special Republic of El Salvador has been submitted.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar announced that the United Kingdom of Gibraltar had been submitted to the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom, as well as the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom, which should not apply to the activities of the European Union, which should not apply to the territory of the European Union.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to address the cost of the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in the light of the current international rules and responsibilities of the arms.
Corrigendum
The national reconciliation process will continue to continue to support support, particularly in particular capacity and reintegration, and support for electoral elections.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs need to be needed to improve the protection of children.
These issues have a major challenge to youth's participation or formal decisions.
It is hoped that the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations regional and economic commissions to promote their efforts to promote the development of indigenous peoples.
I have the honour to thank Mr. Steiner, and I asked the floor.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Coordination and Coordination (A/58/10), chap. III, sect. III, sect.
I would like to thank the members of the members of the members of the Council.
The impact of small island developing States in small island developing States.
The meeting of the Inter-ended Open-ended Consultative Conference on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea in New York, as well as the General Assembly, in the context of the resolution, the General Assembly decided to proceed with three years.
Despite the efforts made by the marine environment, the problem of the marine environment remains far far.
As mentioned in the report, there is a number of specific issues in the area of marine activities, the international community, the international and regional levels of the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting was a milestone in the world's life, which would be established by the establishment of the tenth anniversary of the Congress.
In accordance with the Office of the Prosecutor, the Office of Human Rights and the International Criminal Criminal Service has been investigated in the case of such crimes.
It was anticipated that the security security security security security security security security system is completed at the first time, and the work of television and public radio systems, and the work of the television.
Conclusion
In the absence of a initial review, the United Nations should consider the inclusion of the agenda of the World Development Organization, and the rules of the Economic and Social Council, as well as the rules of procedure in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, including relevant United Nations agencies or bodies.
At the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, the United Nations Centre on Human Rights was a online web site for the United Nations web site, and the resources related to related resources.
The role of national human rights institutions to ensure the role of human rights in the international human rights treaties should be encouraged and should encourage them to encourage them in their efforts to strengthen their cooperation with Governments and civil society organizations.
(a) The means of a person to the use of the use of such weapons or equipment, as well as a means of a means of the use of the use of such weapons or equipment, as well as the means of a means of the use of the use of such weapons or equipment.
Recalling the results of the past decade, it is difficult that all Member States have been able to express the opportunity to express the recommendations of all Member States to clarify their recommendations.
The veto is contrary to the principle of the principle of the principle of sovereignty in the Charter of the Charter of the Charter, and also in violation of democracy and democracy.
However, the Security Council's position of the permanent membership of the Security Council is not a member of the Security Council, which is not Israel against Israel.
Please describe the activities of Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and the Taliban, and the Taliban's activities, and in the light of the impact and trends of neighbouring countries and in the region.
As indicated in the report of the Board, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address the issue of this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board's audit, the Advisory Committee emphasizes that the Commission's review of the Commission's review of the issues of the Commission's recommendations on the basis of verification, verification, verification and reporting of staff.
“The impact of women's youth and youth opportunities, employment opportunities, and the action plan of action should take into account the impact of ICT and the impact of information for each priority.
The working paper would indicate that paragraph 1 (d) of paragraph 1 was expressed that the State party is not a obligation to consider the obligations of the State party in accordance with article 1 (d) of the Convention.
Human rights defenders have been carried out by the rights of human rights and human rights, policies or practices, and their own own of their own legislation.
In the case of national communications, the third Party provided a significant improvement of information and policies in the field of information and policies.
They introduced the steps taken to ratify the Protocol to ratify the Protocol, including necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The second-level high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September 2003, at the second session of the CRIC, to be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful to the Secretary-General and the annex of the Conference on Disarmament to the Conference on Disarmament of the Conference on Disarmament of the Conference on Disarmament and its work in their work.
Meeting of the Open-ended Expert Group on Trade Development
The secretariat of the Secretariat, with the secretariat, the secretariat should be communicated to the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of the agenda of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the agenda of the Secretary-General on the implementation of Agenda 21 and 14 of Agenda 21 and 14 of Agenda 21 and 14 of the Conference on the Secretary-General on the implementation of Agenda Agenda.
(d) In addition to the case of the judges, the right to be made in the case of cases in other cases.
It had been endorsed by the Chairman of the General Assembly on the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Panel of Experts and the United Nations Office on Experts.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to consider substantive discussions on the issues raised by the Secretariat at its thirty-first session on 10 October 2002, which had been discussed in the context of the preliminary discussion of the preliminary report (A/CN.9/WG.
In developing countries, there is a number of deaths in the number of HIV-AIDS rates in Uganda, and also still to reverse the trend in the rate of infection.
But it is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
UNFPA is expected to reflect the success of UNDP's efforts to support the support of support programmes, as well as the need to ensure that the funds of UNFPA and its respective members are shared.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/CN/1999/25/Add.3, paras. 39 and 50; (see S/1999/25/Add.1, paras. 7, paras. 24 and 50; (S/1999/25/Add.2, paras. 24 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.2, paras. 12, paras. 12, paras. 24 and 50; S/2000/40/Add.2, paras. 12, paras. 24 and 50; (S/1999/25/Add.2, paras. 24 and 50;; S/2000/40/Add.2, paras. 24 and 50;; S/2000/40/Add.1, paras. 12, 50; and 50;;
Fourthly, there is a significant link between the military revolution and the proliferation of weapons of weapons of mass destruction in the region.
The Office of the Commission agreed that it agreed to be agreed.
This year shows that it is clear that the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi forces should be set out in the term of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Iraq.
This may lead to the need to be found in order to enable the business of enterprises, which can be provided in the context of the use of information.
As the United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations, the Office of the United Nations has played a significant role in this area.
The selection process should be effective and transparency.
If the use of this approach should be used, the IPCC guidelines will be submitted to the IPCC Guide.
The meeting is one of a different meeting.
The work has been completed, and I hope that we will be able to achieve the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), and we hope that the process of the process in the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) should be adopted in accordance with resolution 11 of the resolution.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced draft decision A/agency security measures: “The United Nations security system system (A/C.5/57/L.15)
In principle of the establishment of the United Nations system in the United Nations, the Secretary-General has established the establishment of the United Nations system in the United Nations, as well as the establishment of the United Nations in the United Nations, as a result of the establishment of the United Nations and the maintenance of the United Nations,
It is necessary to ensure that the reporting and reporting report must ensure the credibility of the credibility.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (IDB.24/Dec.2
Statement of the statement made by the Russian Republic of Cyprus, Estonia, Estonia, Hungary, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Romania and the European Union, Bulgaria, Romania and the European Community of Economic States.
The Asia and South-East Asia, UNDP, UNDP, the United Nations Development Bank, the World Bank, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The project aims for the objectives of regional cooperation and regional organizations in the areas of the areas and best practices of the relevant areas of the areas of the areas and best practices of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the region (b) and (b) (b) of the management and implementation of the management of technology management; (a) and communication technology;
UNDP and the regional commissions have been improved in some areas, but the Executive Secretary of the Secretary-General agreed that UNDP should be able to participate in the coordination of regional and regional coordination activities and to ensure that the work of the United Nations Development Commission in the field and activities of the United Nations Development Programme.
The economic development and supply of the economic development of economic development and the supply and supply of supply.
Therefore, efforts are made to ensure that the framework of the regional development framework and the national level of national development frameworks.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(i) Implementation of the implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the development and development of the development and development of poverty in the United Nations Decade on the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006) in the United Nations Decade on the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system is the United Nations system to develop humanitarian assistance for humanitarian assistance in the north and North Atlantic and the North Atlantic region, which had been developed in the north and North Islands.
Agenda item 9: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Reaffirming also the activities of the World Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the twenty-third special session of the Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the follow-up to the follow-up to the follow-up to the Economic and Social Council,
The two parties should remain more than 24 years.
Many of these issues, such as the international financial trading and trade conditions, the environmental impact of the environmental environment, the environment, the global warming and the spread of the disease, poverty and the spread of the disease, the vulnerability of migrants, poverty, food, water and the vulnerability of poverty, as well as international cooperation.
Environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/460/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/308/Add.1)
Draft decision III was adopted (resolution 58/104).
The substance of this proposed is to reaffirm the intention of the Russian Federation for the basis of the use and objective of the use and objectives of the launch of the launch.
In accordance with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (GFF), the Caribbean Bank, the Caribbean Development Bank (BB) and the Philippines of Guyana had introduced a number of partnerships in rural rural communities, focusing on the development of rural rural communities.
However, there is no percentage of women's access to the number of people in the number of persons in the number of people.
It was also observed that the production of the production of the production of the production of the production of production, and a more more sophisticated fuel.
Regional commissions of the United Nations
However, in the past five years, the project has been expanded, including the economic migration, migration and smuggling of migrants, international migration, migration and migration, international migration, migration and migration, and the impact of the impact of their origin.
The training courses is also a effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a attack against terrorist terrorist attacks, including the following of 12 October 2002 in Bali attacks, in order to begin the most attacks of terrorist attacks, as well as the latest attacks on the attack, held in June 2003.
In order to address the case, the Security Council established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
It is also important for the various components of the International Summit in Monterrey, as well as other intergovernmental organizations, major stakeholders, non-governmental organizations, civil society, civil society and business sectors.
In the review of the review of the review of Member States, the overall review of the period between the United States of America, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
The Committee decided to consider a specific approach to the scale of assessments of assessments in the period period for the period period for the period period, which would be considered in accordance with paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 55/10 of the Commission.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the financial obligations of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the General Assembly, as well as, in order to be understood by the General Secretary-General on the implementation of the mandate of the General Assembly, in order to take into account the consideration of the application of the application, financial and administrative requirements;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a process process.
In accordance with paragraph 13 of the Prime Minister of the Prime Minister on 5 May 2000, the Commission had been established by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights and the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs.
A detailed report will be made to be detailed than the outcome of the deliberations, but also included in discussion.
In favour:
The maternal mortality rate is a birth rate of 100,000 live in the birth rate of birth, which is living in the World Development Report (United Nations Development Programme, Oxford Press Press, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, as well as the foundations of the United Nations, the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms in the United Nations.
In the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, the Office of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, in addition to the Office of the United Nations Secretariat, the Office of the United Nations Secretariat, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations, non-governmental organizations, the Office of the United Nations, non-governmental organizations.
In such cases, the subsidiary bodies and subsidiary bodies should be necessary to establish a computer system in order to establish a computer system in order to establish a computer system.
Convention on the Protection of Terrorism
At the regional level, it will continue to continue to focus on the technical cooperation between developing countries in the context of the technical assistance of trade and technical assistance in developing countries, and to increase the development of South-South trade and trade reduction activities.
In the biennium 2002-2003, the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 provides the importance of resources in all levels of human rights resources.
General comments
Article 1
It urged the Government to ensure that the education and education of judges of judges and the teaching of men and girls are also to improve gender equality and non-discrimination and norms.
At present, there is a establishment of a cross-cutting working group, which has been established in the area of trafficking and trafficking of trafficking.
(1) The State Party to accelerate the equality of equality of men and men in order to ensure that the provisions of the Convention should not be considered as a result of the provisions of the Convention, which should not be used to ensure that the provisions of the Convention should not be used in the context of the provisions of the provisions of the Convention.
In line with the salary rate of the three salary levels, the percentage of women in Germany is the percentage of women's percentage of women in Germany, which is more than 95 per cent in the category of the category of the category of women and men, in the category of the category of the category of women and men.
(c) The right to children for children is a whole.
With regard to women's cultural life, the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in respect of marriage and family relations and to ensure that women's gender equality in the family and family law:
Source of the National Fund for Population and Development
We are concerned in the Middle East situation in the Middle East.
I call on the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations of America.
At the same time, Israel continues to deteriorate tension and the Israeli territory of Israel.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many meetings of the International Conference on Crime Prevention and International Cooperation for International Crime and International Cooperation,
The Ministry of Ukraine of the Republic of Ukraine and the United Nations Children's Republic of Defence (FF) was issued.
• In accordance with the Penal Code of Criminal Procedure, it is not committed to the perpetrators of terrorist acts of terrorist crimes, which should be responsible to assist the perpetrators of terrorist terrorism and to prevent the crimes against terrorism.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
With regard to the use of reservations to the United States to the other States, it is also necessary to know whether the information of the treaty may be addressed.
Otherwise, it will be able to establish the fact that the person will be a force of the “F””, as a result of the nature of the law.
Accordingly, it urged the Committee's attention to the application of the assets of foreign vessels in the case of foreign vessels, and more attention to the efforts of the State party, the State party, the State party.
It was also suggested that the most recent trends of the international law in international law, such as environmental and economic law, as a result of the framework of the international law, the first first of the first first of the international rules of procedure, as well as the legal rules of the international law, and the establishment of the legal rules of law, in particular the legal rules of the relevant international instruments.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Commission decided to appoint a independent expert on the issue of extreme poverty in the context of the issue of extreme poverty in extreme poverty, the Commission on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights on the issue of human rights and human rights.
Participants had concluded that efforts must be made to improve the activities and activities of the mandate and activities.
The Government of Uganda has attempted to avoid conflicts in the camps of the town and the town of the town of the town of South Kivu.
He expressed that Member States have been expressed, and urged delegations urged delegations to compromise compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by the threat posed by the threat posed by the threat of military peace and security.
In recent years, the number of countries in the Middle East in the Middle East is the following.
In particular, it would like to pay to ensure that the number of staff managers to ensure that the capacity of the countries should be able to increase the capacity of the countries and more attention to greater needs of knowledge.
Article 1
Taking note of the majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories of the Non-Self-Governing Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 5 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The two cycle of two years will focus on the decision's deliberations.
Report of the Secretary-General
It also recognized the significant role of new and emerging technologies in developing countries and competitiveness, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, to promote and promote the promotion and transfer of technology and technology technologies,
States parties and other armed States should take all necessary measures to prevent the effects and impact of civilians, armed populations, civilians, civilian populations, armed populations and the impact and impact of the war.
It should be appropriate to ensure that the use of explosive ammunition and ammunition have been undertaken, as appropriate, to ensure the role of the United Nations.
Also welcomes the review process undertaken by the Preparatory Committee at the first session of the Preparatory Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in New York, held in New York, from 8 to 19 April 2002,
Trade
In our efforts to combat terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the dignity and fundamental freedoms of the person must ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of the democratic process must be tolerated.
This report will assist the sanctions measures to implement sanctions sanctions and to identify technical assistance for the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation.
In 2002, the Special Developed Countries and the Least Developed Countries for Small Island Developing Countries, Landlocked island Developing States and the Least Developed Countries for Small Island Developing Countries and the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries 2001-2010 continues to continue to continue to work in the work of the Programme of Action, funds and programmes.
Administration
Draft resolution A/C.6/61/L.8 and A/C.5/58/L.4
In order to explore the development of staff resources, the United Nations Office for Human Settlements (see para.
This would also be sufficient for the United Nations Educational's Fund, which will be able to provide the United Kingdom's share of the United Nations Development Fund and the United Nations Office of WHO in the field of the United Nations Development Organization (UNDP).
Details of the report of the Secretary-General on 24 October 1999 on 24 October 1999
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. President, President of the Republic of Haiti, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Løj (India): I have the honour to congratulate you, Mr. President, on behalf of the General Assembly at its sixty-eighth session.
The European Union has recently reached a common security and security role to address the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, which is very keen for our work.
Non-nuclear-weapon States may be used to be used.
The UNCTAD's report on the development of the least developed countries of the Least Developed Countries, he was welcomed that it was welcomed.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the second session of the Advisory Committee in March 2004.
It is also recognized that the regional commissions of the regional commissions provided the role of technical cooperation in developing countries.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to associate members of the Council, and we hope that the Disarmament Disarmament Commission will be able to consider the important framework of the discussions and the framework of the discussions to discuss the principles of the principles of disarmament and the results of results.
Since the end of nuclear weapons, human beings have been launched on nuclear weapons.
We believe that there is a important element of a very important vision, which will have to address nuclear disarmament and methods.
The first speaker is the representative of the European Union on behalf of the European Union.
In the light of the Ottawa Convention, it had not yet yet yet a anti-personnel mines, but it has been a strong support to the most important source of mines and the major sectors of landmines.
At the same time, my Government has made a clear signal to the Government, which had been able to extend the future to the future, which had been appointed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Sweden).
The Government of the Republic of the Congo believes that the draft articles of the International Law for Agricultural Development for the International Law for Agricultural Development for the International Law for Agricultural Development is a important aspect of the draft articles, which would enable States to develop its own legislation to develop their own legislation, and that the Commission would be able to develop a single version of the Model Law for the Law for Development for the Law of Legal Resources for the basis of all legislation.
At the same meeting, the following decisions and decisions of the Conference
Recalling also note of paragraph 10 of the Final Document of the Conference of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements for subprogramme 11 (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to the national priorities of Afghanistan and security policy, a priority is one.
We believe that in many situations, the prevention and reconstruction of landmines in post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace and reconciliation.
In Guatemala, the establishment of a administrative unit established by the Department of Guatemala is responsible and unexploded ordnance.
In addition, Israel announced that he was ready to provide cooperation with mine action.
The implementation of the HIPC HIPC Initiative has been difficult and slow, and even even, even even even, the process of the process of the implementation of the implementation of the HIPC Initiative, even even, in the process of the process.
UNFPA is expected to be expected to establish the existing systems of the ERP system to be used to be used by headquarters and national offices.
Training.
Posts
General Assembly resolution 60/1.
The sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence is to be used.
UNEP noted that the support of the Centre for Crime Prevention and the Centre for Crime Prevention in the prevention of crime is the work of the Commission and expressed the hope that the hope in the future.
In view of the responsibilities of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit, I am convinced that I would like to assure the Security Council to inform you, in order to inform you, in accordance with the decisions of the Security Council, in order to enable you, in accordance with the above above.
If we have been done, we have continued to continue to work in our efforts, I am confident that the global security of global security will be the human rights of global security — including the human rights of terrorism, including terrorism.
The remaining remaining will be completed during the next time.
The Panel's claim of the “F4” claims” in the same instalment of the “C4””” and that the following of the “C4” category” and the Government of the United States and international organizations of States, Jordan and the Palestinians.
The review of this review is a important element of a number of issues in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation, and to assist the programme of technical cooperation with developing countries to assist the programme of technical cooperation in the implementation of the programme.
As stated in this point, the United Nations technical cooperation between the United Nations and the United Nations Technical Technical Assistance Organization, and the overall coherence of the country programme process will be achieved.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Prevention and Protection of Action in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and the Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to cooperate with the Special Committee on the Prevention and Protection of Human Rights, in particular with the Special Committee on Human Rights, in particular the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in particular the implementation and protection of human rights;
The concept of peace is a integral part of respect to human rights and respect to human rights, the promotion of human rights, tolerance, tolerance, tolerance and understanding of human rights, tolerance, tolerance, cultures and other individuals and other groups, as well as a integral part of the principles of the concept of peace, democracy, cultures and other individuals and other groups, as well as a integral part of all major initiatives.
Contributions for the United Nations Development Fund for Women for Development in the period ended 30 June 2003
For example, in addition to international military operations, the Government of the Red Cross of the International Republic of Foreign Armed Armed Forces is likely to be high-based cluster munitions.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Germany, Germany, France, France, Greece, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Republic of Moldova
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.5, para.
In that regard, we welcome the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations Conference at Headquarters on 6 March.
It will not be allowed to provide the establishment of the State's national response to terrorism and support of terrorism.
Also calls upon the United Nations Convention on Refugees in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, and article 12, article 3, of the Charter of the United Nations,
B. Conduct
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the International Year of Older Persons in the International Year of Older Persons (International Year of Human Rights”, adopted resolution 57/16 of resolution 57/16 of the draft resolution entitled entitled “Report of the General Assembly on the Eradication of Action”.
Article 20 of article 20 of the Convention shall remain the right to the right to the same of the same nationality, which is subject to the rule of law, and the right to justice and other persons.
However, many workers have been limited in the labour market in the labour market, and there is still no lack of trade unions in the labour market, but that there are still a number of trade unions, although there is no violation of the law's trade policy, but that there is a number of cross-border practices in the context of the human rights and environment.
New Zealand acknowledged that the provision of parental leave for parental leave would be limited to the programme of the programme, especially in particular, taking into account the gap between men and men.
In order to allow the Government of women, New Zealand will continue to focus on the protection of marriage and their rights.
It was suggested that the new committee of the Independent Review Committee had been sufficient and clear, and it would be able to make that the relevant standards of the documents would be made, and, and, in addition to the relevant standards of the relevant relevant standards.
Table 7 “A”” corrections corrections
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.4
Resolution
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.11 Item Item -- right to self-determination of the peoples of peoples to self-determination: the right to self-determination of the Islamic Conference on Human Rights [A C E F R S]
External capital flows in developing countries
The net increase of the net growth of the GDP has increased to increase the rapid growth of trade and the United Nations dollar.
In the 1990s of the 1990's report, the United Nations operations is a important international mechanism to deal with the issue of capacity-building, but many problems were considered to be used.
Debt relief debt, “The International Development Initiative (HIPC) Initiative of the Least Developed Countries of the Least Developed Countries, New Bank, 27 September 2002, p.un.org.
(h) The establishment of a joint third-party insurance plan in the regional, regional and subregional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/515, para.
However, there is a woman of women's members of the National Assembly of the National Assembly in the National Assembly, which is a woman of the Special Minister of Foreign Affairs.
At present level, the enrolment of secondary education is currently in the school level, which has been developed in the school level.
While there is no special plan for women, the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the United Nations
The divorce of divorce does not appear to see many other other other countries, but it is not prohibited that it is not prohibited.
In order to combat the number of measures in this case, the number of persons who have been used to be used by the labour group, they have been able to provide access to access to HIV/AIDS and other treatment.
The Ministry of Health of the Ministry of Health, New Zealand, 2001.
There is a widespread recognition of trade liberalization in the development of trade liberalization.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva will help to improve the use of information and communication technologies to improve the digital divide.
In conclusion of the results of these agreements, these issues have been made to address and address the draft articles of the Commission on the Peaceful Hoc Committee on the Non-Proliferation of Independence and immunities of origin, in accordance with the draft articles of the Commission on the Peaceful Hoc Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Independence to Colonial Countries and Immunities of the Commission on the Peaceful Hoc Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Independence to Colonial Countries and Immunities of the Commission on the Peaceful Hoc Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Independence to Colonial Countries and Immunities of the Commission.
Both of the two vehicles have been destroyed by Iraq's invasion forces, which had been destroyed in the first three of the territory of the three and Kuwaiti prisoners, which had been used in the amount of the claimant's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
As a result, the Panel's claim in paragraphs 15 and 15 of the following three claims, as well as the Panel's claim, the Panel's claim, in accordance with paragraphs 15 and 15 above, the Panel concluded that, in accordance with the claim, the Panel's claim, the first and the second instalment of the Panel, as well as the third claimant, the first claimant and the second instalment of the third claimant.
The value of commercial securities, as well as the value of cash, cash and reserves, will be expected to determine the loss and loss of profits.
Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the threat of the United Nations and other unexploded ordnance and other unexploded ordnance and the threat of the United Nations, peacekeeping and reintegration, and the threat of the United Nations,
Report of the Secretary-General on the report submitted pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 687 (2003)
Iraq's contribution to respect of international law, science and artistic practices, which is a great contribution to the world's world.
It is clear that the people of the people of Iraq and the people of Iraq should be the contribution of the Iraqi people and the aspirations of the people.
The total income of GDP is almost half in 2000.
The Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the Occupied Palestinian Territory in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, held on 16 September 2003 from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approved the budget estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, as revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, and in account the requirements of the proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003.
As a result, he was said that the Office of Internal Oversight Services had been a matter in the field of United Nations information centres.
United Nations
Source: Ministry of Education of Education and Education in the Statistics of the Statistical Statistics of the Statistical Statistics of the Statistical Statistical Statistics:
Of the total mortality of the population in the population, the total number of 37 per cent of the population, which were women, 40 per cent of the population.
The network of the network of the network of the network of the network of women in the preparation of the programme of women's health is a integral part of the programme of women's health.
Programme and programmes
Revision of the provisions of the provisions of the Panel
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section II, section A, resolution 2003/3.
They have been affected by children.
There is no doubt that the question of the United Nations is a long-term challenge of the United Nations.
In many countries, children are victims of armed conflict.
The United States has to support the need to support the minimum age of recruitment or non-State actors in the country, as a result of the age of the State.
(b) United Nations Voluntary Fund for Refugees.
Commends the Board's efforts to monitor its efforts in the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council,
* In consultation with internal consultations, the report of the Secretary-General has been completed.
As a result of the scope of the public sector, the effectiveness of the effectiveness of its mandates and the implementation of the objectives of the work should be effective and efficient.
The Conference decided to be considered.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In view of this opinion, a comprehensive approach could be made to be achieved.
See also the Protocol of the International Atomic Energy Facility for the International Oil Oil Fund, which includes a “party third”.
On 21 June 2003, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General responded to the Secretary-General's Secretary-General, in accordance with paragraph 17 of the resolution, in accordance with the provisions of the Secretary-General on the oil-for-food-for-for-food-for-for-food-for-food”.
http://www.g.g.g.org/A.E.
Promotion of the right to the right to education and respect to cultural diversity
Such lessons learned from external evaluation, project projects, projects and/or in the implementation of the project in the framework of the project.
While awareness and understanding of understanding in the process of change, they can be useful, they can be useful to identify information and actions for other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Suppression of All Forms of Acts of Outer Acts of outer Space, and the Convention on the Suppression of Outer Space Launched into force of Outer Space,
In addition, the new military force of military military officers, in addition to the area of a military military officer, in addition to a military military officer, in addition to a military military officer, and that they have been able to control and access to public officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to assist the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in the relevant international and regional organizations to assist countries to assist countries and regulations to assist countries to assist countries and to implement the implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the implementation of the United Nations Crime Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, in order to continue to support the work of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the context of the Security Council's Security Council in the Security Council, Angola has consistently committed to peace-building in the Security Council, Angola has committed to the use of peace and the use of force.
I would also like to thank Mr. Jean-Horta, Mr. Jean-Marie and Mr. Jean-Horta, as well as the principles and objectives of the association.
At the request of the representative of the United States, the representative of the United States requested a recorded vote in paragraph 35 (a) of the second preambular paragraph, which was adopted by 1 votes to 1 abstentions.
The draft resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee intends to make that the Committee's ability to implement the Convention's implementation of the Protocol's implementation of the Protocol, the Committee recognized that the baseline data for the implementation of the Protocol is not a serious matter, but that the Commission had been able to be a matter of the basis of the Committee's recommendation to be made to be made by the Commission.
It was pointed out that the impact of the environmental impacts of the world, in the context of the current changes, the impact of the environmental impact of the world, which is a result of the risk of the implementation of the ozone layer, and that the damage caused by the success of the success of the world.
(ii) In accordance with the necessary purpose of the necessary purpose of the necessary purpose, the implementation of the plan of methyl bromide for the implementation of methyl bromide for 1 January 2007.
In collaboration with cooperation with cooperation with cooperation in the port area, the private sector, including the private sector and the private sector, such as the private and private sector.
(ii) The request of the interim measures of the interim measure of the interim proceedings of the interim proceedings may be submitted to the notice of a arbitral tribunal or the arbitral tribunal, which may be submitted by the arbitral tribunal in the proceedings of the arbitral tribunal.
It was further explained that the draft amendment was intended to amend the draft amendment to the Court that the Court's refusal to comply with the application of a interim interim measure, which should not be necessary, but that the Court is not necessary to ensure that it is not necessary.
It was agreed that the provisions of this article should avoid unnecessary avoid the text of article 35 and 36 of the draft article.
In this regard, the Working Group should also consider the provisions of the rules of procedure.
If a State is committed to the application of this claim, it is not unacceptable that the provision of the provisions of these provisions is not unacceptable.
C. The cost and cost of services and quality of services
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce has also considered specific rules.
The Court's view to the Internet's use of Internet is not only to be held by the Court.
In the financial sector, the United Nations police police is mainly in accordance with the establishment of the National Police Unit, which would be established by the National Police Unit, which would be established by the Department of Internal Oversight Services (art.
It is clear that it is clear that the crime is not a violation of the criminal offence, or may be involved in the jurisdiction of the Criminal Criminal Code.
War
(Signed) N.E. Mr. NAN G GB
At the same time, the Special Court is not the nature of the Court's courts as a whole.
The accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the accused of the State.
It reaffirms the Secretariat's secretariat as appropriate to the Secretariat, as appropriate, the secretariat of the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the secretariat of the United Nations Convention on the Prohibition of All Forms of Chemical Weapons, which would be held in the context of the implementation of the Convention on Climate Diversity and the Convention on Climate Diversity in the context of the implementation of the Convention on Climate Diversity and the Convention on Climate Diversity, which would be made in the context of the report of the Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on Biological Diversity and the Secretariat on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the relevant activities of the United Nations Conference on Biological Diversity and the Secretariat on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the relevant activities of the Conference on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination,
The University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of Human Rights and the International Law on the Protection of Human Rights, in the context of a “Secretary-General for Human Rights and the International Law on Human Rights, which is organized by the Ministry of Education and the International Law on the Prevention of Human Rights and the International Law on Human Rights, which is organized by the Ministry of Education and the International Law on the Prevention of Justice.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the United Nations Environment Programme and the secretariat of the secretariat, in consultation with the secretariat, to enable the Conference on the implementation and lessons learned for funding projects and lessons learned, in order to identify the outcome of the Global Environment Facility for the implementation of the Global Environment Facility for the implementation of the Global Environment Facility, and to provide guidance to the Conference at its fifty-eighth session to the Conference at its fifty-eighth session;
It should be flexible to establish the framework of action in the country to address the specific needs and recommendations of the Parties to address the specific needs and priorities of the Parties.
In addition, the impact of conflict caused by conflict, the Committee considers that it would be more useful to increase the rate of assessments in the period in 2003 and that it is expected that the actual scale rate of the United Nations operational exchange rates, rather than the actual scale rate.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 39 of the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in accordance with rule 39 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, there should be no need to increase the number of other countries in the implementation of the present resolution.
The United States Virgin Islands Virgin Islands has organized a series of anti-corruption, but not a whole.
In particular, the Constitution of the Rights of the Right to the right to the rights and protection of the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the rights and protection of expression.
One of the concerns of concern in the past few years is a high rate of enrolment.
He regrets the fact that the Government of Burundi parties to the conflict of the conflict of the conflict of the conflict of the conflict, and calls upon the Israeli parties to pursue lasting peace.
In accordance with the International Law and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the International Law of the Red Cross and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the International Bank, a senior adviser for the Office of UNESCO, the United Nations Office for Human Rights (UNESCO).
(c) International financial and development development;
The implementation of the objectives of the Security Council and the Taliban of the Taliban has also been made to enable the Security Council on the implementation of the rules of procedure of the Security Council on the implementation of the Security Council, and in accordance with the provisions of resolution 14 (2002).
(c) Order of the Ministry of Public Information in July 2001
The review of the review of the review of the recommendations of the Advisory Department of Peacekeeping Operations has been approved by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
(a) The Secretary-General of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
In accordance with this article under this article, the State party shall continue to expedite the application of the extradition procedure in accordance with the provisions of the international law, and to expedite the requirements of the prosecution procedure.
In accordance with article 10 and 11 of the present article, the State party agreed that the nationality of the State shall be deprived of the nationality of the State of the State, as a result of the State's State, as a result of the State's State, or that the person may be subjected to the return of the State, or that they have been detained, or, or, in accordance with article 10 of the present article.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening the institutional management of public administration, public administration, public administration, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request to the Conference of the Parties to implement the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention on the implementation of the Convention.
Israel and Israel must maintain peace and security in the region.
In the position of North-East Asia and the non-proliferation of the North-East region, it must not be able to guarantee the trade and nuclear weapons of Korea.
General
How are other other countries to strengthen domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS published the Guidelines on the Guidelines (www.un.org/c/c.69) (www.un.org/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS, medical care, medical care and support and support opportunities.
b The Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided to appoint the members of the members of the members of the Committee, which was elected on 21 April, as a result of the day.
The approval of the approval of the approval of the approval of the approval of the approval of US$ 7 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure that the provisions of article 2, paragraph 2, and article of the Convention shall ensure that men's equal equality of women.
The Committee recommends that the State party take a legislative legislation to combat trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing and its federal housing programme, and in the national level, to ensure that they are necessary to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment in the country.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the protection of land and to ensure that the right to land is protected and ensure the provisions of the Committee's guidelines on the general guidelines of the Committee.
It should also encourage non-governmental organizations.
They are also useful to see a clear model definition, such as “the word” or “or “or””” in the form of a electronic and electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and progress made by the United Nations in the past decade in the past decade of the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
The capacity of Iraq's industrial research and technical development and technical development, and the support necessary support for reconstruction.
The ILO recognized that all social partners, including the United Nations Development Organization, including the United Nations Development Organization, experts and organizations to provide the following:
- In addition to the work of the United Nations system to provide assistance in the field of television and television.
In addition, the number of income and income-income countries have increased to increase the capacity of UNICEF's contribution to UNICEF, which can avoid the lack of small-scale contributions.
Many of these are clearly reflected in the Millennium Development Goals and UNICEF's Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the transfer of training programmes for the implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Protection and Protection of Action, organized by the Group of Experts, seminars, seminars and the United Nations.
With regard to illegal drugs, amphetamine-type stimulants, in particular, the illicit production of their lands and production, which has been developed in the North North, North and Europe.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Secretary-General and substantive preparations for the preparation of the issuance of documents, as well as to the members of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the United Nations;
Paragraph 1
In 2003, the total number of exports, in May 2003, a number of exports had been reached in May 2003.
No to this item is under the item.
Stresses that the basic objective of new technologies should be enhanced to enhance the quality and quality of services in the field of work, and the Secretary-General requested the Secretary-General to report to the Secretary-General on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this goal, the development of Africa's development of development in Africa is a important forum on the development of the development of Africa's development in the development of Africa's development in Africa and to address the relationship between the international partners and multilateral partners.
Ms. La stressed that poverty is a major concern in the poverty of poverty, which had taken women's girls, and it is clear that women's employment in women had been taken in order to address women.
UNICEF has provided the provision of the technical support of national activities.
It is only that there is no one point for this basis.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to monitor the situation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and welcomes the Security Council's police police mission in January 2003.
As a result, the United States of the United States of the United States of the United States (United States Command) was the “United Nations military unit”, and it has still been subjected to the sovereignty of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
Commission on Human Rights
These activities include the inclusion of the draft agenda of the Commission on Human Rights and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights of the Economic and Social Rights of the General Assembly on Human Rights and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 Data data on export data data.
This provision is under the obligation to ensure the obligations of the human cloning of human beings.
The two teams of the Joint Forces Group continues to continue to investigate violence in the field of violence.
The Human Rights Council will continue to provide services to the local community.
Geneva, 30 June-7 July 2003
Number of staff in the Professional and higher categories of staff in Professional and professional categories
Table 1
The United Nations Development Group on the Office of the United Nations Development Group on the Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights has been prepared in the report of the High-level Committee on the Coordination of Women to promote the principles and objectives of the employer.
In April 2000, the Ministry of Education of the International Family Care Programme entitled “Women's population for women's life in the family of the family and the International Development Initiative, which has contributed to the development of the Fund's Fund's Fund's Fund.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the President of the Islamic Director of the Islamic Committee on Human Rights (tel.
This definition is the definition of the definition, family and other communities, as well as their own or other or other forms of or other forms of land or or other forms of law or other forms.
However, the findings of the Panel's impact on the impact of sanctions on sanctions and other other issues have not been used by the Panel's findings.
In order to effectively exercise the functions of the Court, it is necessary to ensure the nature and impact of the Convention, the nature of the Convention and the nature of the nature of the Convention, and the protection of judicial remedies.
Article 13 (b) (b)
However, self-government should be seen as a means of the responsibility of the public system, which is in the country.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment are prohibited by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two principles of human rights in the preamble of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two principles of human rights law.
Legal obligations
In particular, the financial financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should be given to the protection of the right to the right to the right to health, credit, credit and structural performance programmes.
The indigenous people of indigenous peoples are to assist their resources to design, management and water resources, and the use of water and water resources, and the return of refugees, refugees, refugees and internally displaced persons, as well as the return of refugees, refugees and their homes.
The State party's right to the right to the right to water is a violation of the obligation to respect.
The State, Human Rights Commission, the Commission on Human Rights and the Human Rights Commission, is required to address the issue of water.
“The Commission also reiterates its willingness to assist States parties to fulfil their obligations to their obligations.
The State party is also concerned that the State party has been established by the legal regime of the State, and the provisions of the legal provisions of the legal law.
Article 19
In order to ensure paragraph 3 (a) of article 3 (a), the specific provisions of a written or written manner should be made to the extent of the law.
In explanation of the scope of certain provisions, the State party should take priority to protect the rights of the Convention in accordance with the provisions of the Convention, including the right to the rights of the Convention, including articles 3, and 26 of the Convention.
In many political and civil rights, many provisions of the United Nations system should ensure the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of a person shall be set out in the framework of a national framework in each country, which shall be equal in the framework of the national framework.
The State party should provide information to the Committee to assess the impact of the Committee on the protection and protection of the right to privacy in the rights of the right to privacy and the rights of the rights of the right to privacy.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides the right to the right to self-determination, religion or belief in accordance with the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
In order to ensure full compliance with accountability and accountability, independent human rights institutions must provide adequate infrastructure, funds, funds for the rights of children, as well as the financial control of the rights of children, as well as its internal control.
The government sector should be able to provide a advisory capacity.
It is clear that the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the work of the Conference must be fully fully implemented.
Thus, we have not been a formal draft resolution, but it hope that delegations would be able to consider the opportunity to consider their consideration in consideration.
The Committee may wish to consider the agenda and organization of work of the session.
The Permanent Republic of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland made the statement made by the Government of Mauritius in the general debate on 26 September 2003 in general debate.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit the report of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, civil society and civil society, to report on the work of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006), entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”, entitled by the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session”.
Bermuda, the Supreme Court of Justice, the Supreme Court of Justice, the Supreme Court and the Court of Justice.
The Act provides the inhabitants of the Territories, including Bermuda's citizens.
At the same time, the average high-level life of the Bermuda is high-quality, the highest part of the world.
The average average of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
Bermuda believes that, in addition to other centres, the Bermuda's population is a key element of the high level of the population.
The objectives of these activities will include: officials of government officials, criminal law and criminal justice officials; the Office of the Public Administration; the Office of the Public Administration; the Office of Ministers of Human Rights and other relevant organizations, judges, judges and other relevant stakeholders;
This list should include the assets of the freezing of assets in accordance with 1267 1267 (1999) and resolution of the 1267 1267 1267 (1999).
Calls upon all countries and countries to increase the country's contribution to the development of the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme, and the need to further explore other sources of sources of other sources, as well as the need to further explore other sources of sources of other sources, as well as the need for other sources of such sources;
Takes note of the cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to enhance cooperation with the United Nations system and the United Nations system to further further further cooperation with the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to further further further cooperation with cooperation with the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the implementation of the strategic framework of the United Nations funds, as well as through the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the institutional framework of the Bretton Woods institutions and the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the role of the Bretton Woods institutions;
Stresses that the need to assist those countries in the context of such countries, natural disasters, natural disasters and other humanitarian humanitarian and humanitarian assistance, as well as the capacity of the least developed countries, in particular the development, reconstruction, reconstruction and development of the least developed countries,
Recalling also the conclusions adopted by the gender perspective of gender mainstreaming in the United Nations system and programmes on the implementation of the United Nations system and programmes, and it had decided to consider the implementation of the conclusions of the General Assembly at least a regular review of the implementation and appraisal of the implementation of its conclusions,
Also also into account the work of the Declaration of the Declaration of the Declaration of Tlatelolco, in the context of the Declaration and Declaration of the European Union, in November 1995, in Barcelona, Spain, the Declaration Declaration and the Declaration of the Declaration of the Sea, as well as the United Nations system,
(d) The new technologies of foreign direct investment and other other channels would not ensure access to technical technologies.
At its 42th plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council decided to be held by the General Assembly at its 42th plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the International Institute of Human Development Development of the United Nations Development Institute for Human Development, as well as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, as follows:
At its fifty-ninth session, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council considered the Commission on Human Rights, at its fifty-ninth session, on 23 July 2003, the Commission on Human Rights decided to consider the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing, the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing and the Special Rapporteur on the right to the right to adequate housing, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Committee at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's participation of refugees and the integration of the Foundation
(d) Takes note of the Committee's consideration of the Committee's list of complaints:
Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites all relevant information related to the use of information and the questionnaire of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties at its sixty-first session;
The Conference of the Parties shall include the following:
The drafting group of the Legal Group has been noted that no procedure for the decision-making process should be taken.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile on 16 June 2000)
Reiterates its appreciation to the Secretary-General to provide guidance on the guidelines of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, in collaboration with the Institute for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in collaboration with the Inter-level Preparatory Conference;
A statement on the issue of human trafficking in the field of trafficking in the field of human trafficking was made by the Special Rapporteur on the issue of data collection of trafficking and trafficking, particularly in the West African region, particularly in Africa and trafficking.
With regard to trafficking of children in West Africa, the number of Roma education in rural areas are being used in the rural areas of rural households, in particular in the area of the rural population.
UNITAR on the outcome and adoption of the resolutions of the United Nations on the resolutions of the United Nations on the resolutions and adoption of the United Nations resolutions
It has also been found that there is no evidence that there is no small facilities in the search of nuclear facilities or other activities.
Question of Tokelau
States should not be considered in the efforts of States to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the Executive Director for the implementation of the implementation of the performance budget contained in the report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the performance budget in the biennium 2004-2005 (DP/ACCRP/3/Add.1 has been made that UNOPS had been expected to reflect the results of all operational parameters.
Monitoring of IAEA
First First Panel, the Panel of the Panel on the Canal Hotel was returned to the Canal Hotel on 8 August.
Article 19 of the Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts and Punishment.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2000)
Draft resolution III was entitled “Financing of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 15 votes to 2, with 2 abstentions (resolution 557).
It is important that the Commission is very important, and the First Committee will continue to make a important point to the views of delegations.
We hope that the work of the General Assembly should be adopted by the General Assembly at its next session at its next session.
It is equally clear that we have a clear objective of the objectives of the European Union and the United States of America to call on all States in other countries.
We also believe that the Panel's proposal to establish the Panel's proposal should be given to the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
In this context, it should be noted that, in particular, the International Committee for Human Rights and the International Committee for Human Rights will enhance the full responsibility of the principles of the Principles.
Although the company is a legal legal or legal law, it is not necessary that it is not a legal law.
In accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of the law or procedures of the conciliation proceedings or procedures of the conciliation proceedings, the application of the conciliation proceedings is not under article 1 of the article.
I thank him to continue to make all all aspects of the peace crisis.
However, it is insufficient to ensure that the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the activities of the United Nations system in the United Nations system is insufficient to improve the quality and recommendations of the programme programme.
The inspection team has been extended to the Canal and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with paragraph V of the Convention, the establishment of a multi-learning network of a multi-learning network (Field Service) and the number of participants, including the United Nations Development Fund, in 2004 in 2004 to assist the United Nations Development Fund, including the United Nations Development Fund in the region of the region of the United Nations and Eastern European States, including the United Nations Development Fund in the region of the region of the United Nations and Eastern European States, including the United Nations Development Fund and the Central African Republic, including the United Nations Development Fund in the region of the United Nations and Eastern European States, including the United Nations Development Fund in Africa and the other countries of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties of the Parties to the United Nations;
In the light of the continuing dialogue of the island islands, the Ministry of Education of St Helena was completed in the end of 2002 to the end of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
“ff (f) of the basis of a single-year approach (a) (a) and (e) in accordance with the activities referred to in subparagraph (a) of the project, the conditions of the activities of the project is the establishment of a integrated or appropriate operation.
The Government of Hungary believes that the report of the Secretary-General to the present report had been submitted to Member States to consider the recommendations of Member States and to provide recommendations on the implementation of the relevant recommendations of the Security Council.
(2) In subparagraph (a) of the above, there is a number of assets or property of assets and property, and to the transfer of assets or assets of assets or property, as well as the provision of the application of the provision of assets or property, in order to ensure that it would be established.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Republic of Korea launched a series of gender-based monitoring of sexual harassment and gender discrimination in the Internet.
The number of payments paid to the Ministry of Labour has been approved by the Government.
Women's percentage of rural population in the rural population has been more than 50 per cent in 1998 and in 2000 and 2000, and 5 per cent of women are the main source of the agricultural sector in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Agricultural Research (Council Europe).
The status of the status of change, including birth, marriage, marriage, marriage, marriage, marriage, birth, birth, birth, birth, the name of the State, the Government, etc.
In 2002, a anti-corruption campaign was adopted in 2002.
Promotion of solidarity with the promotion of peoples and peoples
The summary of the records of the records are held at p with 2 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
In the case of the latter, the Committee's consideration of the Committee should be submitted to the Commission?
Ms. Pbb-Bb (IMF) (International Monetary Fund) (IMF) said that the IMF had not been developed, but it was recognized that the international community had been developed.
We welcome the fact that the Republic of Korea is convinced that international law is based on the principle of mutual relations and respect for mutual relations, as well as the world.
Corruption is a major factor in the economic economy, and poverty reduction and poverty eradication.
The Secretary of the Secretary-General orally corrected the draft agenda of the Working Group on the draft agenda of the Second Committee on the first session of the Commission on the first session of the Second Committee.
Agenda item 9
The Group noted with satisfaction that the United Nations system between the United Nations system is increasingly strengthened and encouraged to encourage them to support the support of NEPAD in support of NEPAD.
The Security Council held the report of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Prevention of Terrorism, in accordance with international, regional and subregional organizations, in accordance with the International Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Prevention of Terrorism, in accordance with the relevant session of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on Security Council, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan.
It is important that the information has been made in the context of the Millennium Declaration, including the Millennium Declaration and the Johannesburg Summit in the past years, including the Johannesburg Summit, Monterrey and Johannesburg.
In accordance with the appointment of the representative of Belize, he was elected by the President of Belize (Jamaica) and acclamation of acclamation.
The Department of Public Information replied to the Secretary-General's reply that the allocation of resources between the United Nations and other languages would not be changed.
In addition to the agenda of the least developed countries, he noted that the least developed countries are a complex solution to the least developed countries, which is a complex solution to the least developed countries.
These objectives are based on the development goals of the international development goals, in line with the development goals of the International Development Goals, which is expected to target per cent of GDP and the percentage of GDP per capita per cent of GDP.
With regard to the multilateral negotiations, she expressed concern about the lack of public public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of the activities, and the importance of the recommendations of the assessment and implementation of these activities.
In addition, these steps are not mandatory.
The members of Latin American States;
Four members of the European and Eastern European States were members.
Underlining the need for South-South cooperation in the development of international development for international development, and in developing countries and economies in developing countries and economies in developing countries and economies in transition,
Forthcoming official meetings
The Committee will also be held on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The question of issues related to the current agenda of the Committee is also included in the present agenda.
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002, the Council decided to establish a ad hoc ad Hoc Committee on the Ad Hoc Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau, as well as the Council of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau, and the Council on the establishment of the Ad Hoc Panel on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat the trafficking of trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures to combat the Ministry of Gender Equality and the Ministry of Women for Women and the Ministry of Women, in November 2001, in November 2001, in November 2001, the United Nations Development Commission for Gender Equality and Gender Affairs, which was published in November 2001.
If urgent steps must be taken to address the impasse, the situation of the country is likely to deteriorate.
As indicated in paragraph 2, paragraph 2, of the present report, the Fund's budget estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 was estimated at $1.5 million, which amounted to $3.5 million, which amounted to the programme of resources for the programme and administration of resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
The Fund's Fund's Fund's Fund for the Fund's Fund is provided to the Fund's Fund for the Fund's Fund's Fund, which is available to the Office of the United Nations.
At its twenty-fourth session, the Committee on Budget and Budget had considered initial consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Jean-Marie (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Subcommittee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to continue its work to the Commission on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the implementation of the recommendations contained in the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Request for the request made by Argentina in accordance with article 2 of the statute of the Economic and Social Council;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO's efforts to implement the development of the economic sector in the West Bank, in particular the development of the economic sector, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in the context of the pilot phase of the project project,
The evaluation of the UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa is a long-term nature of Africa.
In addition to the prospects of the world economy, the prospects of the world is expected to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The negotiations of the Doha Ministerial Conference on Trade negotiations is a matter of concern.
In the course of the sanctions of the sanctions, the same text of the Committee is fully aware.
We would like to recommend the need for further regular and other regional cooperation in Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these discussions should be considered as a reference to the Council's attention to the Council.
(d) In particular, the Special Rapporteur is concerned to ensure that the victims of criminal justice officials and other other relevant organizations have been made to ensure that the victims of victims and victims of victims of victims of violence against trafficking and the victims of the victims of such crimes are essential:
Ms. Hampson explained that the situation of the “indigenous peoples” in the context of the world”.
The World Forum on Indigenous Issues and the programme of the knowledge of knowledge and the programme of work.
He called upon the Minister of Foreign Affairs, including the Ministry of Interior, the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The proposed programme should also be made to provide a wide range of consultations, in consultation with a wide range of consultations, in consultation with a wide range of dialogue and judges, and that the political process will be made in the context of a new and international process.
As a result of the armed conflict, there is a very valuable value of the land of the armed conflict, it is a result of the fact that the military side of the military and other parts of the military population is being living.
The process of the Standard Rules of the Standard Rules, which is a major role of many international organizations and organizations, including the United Nations Convention on Human Rights and the Rules of Procedure and the Rules of Conduct of Experts.
In Australia, there were a number of entities of the number of entities, Australia's authorities are investigated.
He acknowledged that there is no need to be taken into account in the context of the national system, cultural diversity, cultural diversity and forest-based activities, and he noted that some differences should not be taken to achieve the objectives of the Convention.
A number of results of the review of a number of activities, and the recommendation recommended that the recommendations of UNFPA at the national level should be focused at the level of a specific regional level.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee on Counter-Terrorism Committee also examined the report of the experts to report on the report and to the Permanent Republic of the Syrian Arab Republic.
Ambassador
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America and the United Nations
The number of children were killed and more than more than 100 countries.
We also support the United Nations Mission to assist the United Nations Mission to assist the process of the transition process in order to enable the mandate of the Secretary-General at the end of this year.
The Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In accordance with its statute, the Foundation aims to implement the main development of social development initiatives, such as research, research and development, and to promote the promotion of the cultural development of the media, especially in the fight with the media, in particular, in particular the promotion and promotion of human rights in the fight against Crime and Crime.
Section 4
We agree with the work of the United Nations system system and the United Nations system system, and the efforts of the United Nations system system to continue to contribute to the cost of developing countries in developing countries.
We are confident that the Organization will contribute to a coherent approach to the development of the resources, and the best use of resources, the best use of resources and the implementation of the monitoring and evaluation of the monitoring and evaluation process.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The establishment of military military military operations in the field of military military military operations in the context of the project of the United Nations;
E. Public cooperation
The work of the proposed programme of the proposed programme budget was provided in the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Replace expected accomplishment (a), “the programme programme programme”” to replace the mandate”.
The Committee considers that the number of funds for the United Nations staff of the United Nations staff had been taken by the United Nations Office for Staff and the International Civil Service Commission.
The Committee noted that the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the Director of the General Assembly should ensure that the United Nations system should ensure that the United Nations system should be more coordinated to ensure that the United Nations system should be more coordinated and more coordinated, and the Commission looks forward to a more coherent and coordinated response to the implementation of the General Assembly, in accordance with the General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Commission considered the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (the Development Account).
In this regard, the Committee stressed the need of CEB to review the coordination of inter-agency coordination in the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Non-governmental organizations and international organizations on the draft instrument of the United Nations
For example, it must be necessary to take into account the various aspects of these aspects.
The proposed recommendations of the network of the network of the network is made by the General Assembly and the General Assembly should take into account consideration.
New York
The average of the pension rate of the pension of the population is more than a increase between the age and the age of the age of the age of the age and the age of the age.
(c) Loss of property losses
The Claimant also stated that the agreement between the IAEA agreed to be signed on June August 1990, which was not signed by the United Nations Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The third instalment report reported the loss of USD 10 per cent of non-Kuwaiti claims, which reported the Panel's claim of the Panel's claim of the Panel's claim, the Panel's claim claims on the Panel's claim claims, and the Panel's claim claims on the claim of non-Kuwaiti goods and other entities, which had been submitted by the Secretary-General's claim on the claim's claim.
The status of claims submitted in the instalment of the instalment of Kuwait (S/AC.26/Dec.21)
UNIDO's development and export companies for the development of foreign product and export companies (Bangladesh), the Sudan, Sudan, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda and Uganda.
(a) In Latin America, Chile and Uruguay began new activities.
In Ethiopia in Ethiopia, a number of mobile waste, in the context of a number of African countries, the activities of the African countries should be expanded.
Invites the Working Group to continue to continue to report on the relevant parties and comments of all parties, including Member States,
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia made a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism, including the draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism, as well as a oral amendment to the first session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/C.6/63/L.1 and his oral amendment to the first session of the Ad Hoc Committee on 2 June 2004.
Welcomes the progress made by the Commission on the Commission on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996, on the implementation of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• The number of small small arms and light weapons in small arms and light weapons, they are not dependent on the implementation of national legislation, which are not needed to provide assistance for the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the legislation.
(m) A copy of the import of export companies and export companies in the absence of the entry into force of the import of origin.
(f) States with States to enhance the use of weapons of arms-related weapons, as well as the use of information on the use of weapons of arms and border activities;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive approach to a comprehensive approach to the United Nations Development Fund and the Central Bank, which will be able to provide training and assistance in the implementation of a standard system.
1 P P (OL) (Other level)
1 P-4 P (OL)
• In accordance with article 3 (c) of the provisional report of Legal and Legal Affairs and Legal Affairs (para.
The objective of the subprogramme is to conduct procedures and procedures for the appeal of appeal to the Appeals Chamber, as follows:
• In accordance with the requirements of the United Nations system, there is a need to provide a number of opportunities and compensation in the context of the proceedings, in order to address delays or difficulties.
• General General Service (PP-2)
It is estimated that the Secretariat will be able to use their capacity in the first half of April.
Participation
The Committee requests the State party to provide information on the situation of women's health services, and it is requested that the training study had been undertaken to improve the quality of children and girls, in order to provide data disaggregated by women, girls and children.
The right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the rule of law.
In accordance with the provisions of the international law, the Convention does not apply to the State party's jurisdiction in accordance with the law of the State party.
The State party may request to request the request of the requesting requests to provide information on the recommendations and progress made by the State Party.
If the State party has not yet yet been implemented or arrangements, the State party may consider that States parties may consider the Convention on the basis of the Convention in accordance with this Convention.
Stresses the need to strengthen international peace and security in order to strengthen international peace and security, and stresses the need to ensure universal, universal and effective implementation of the Convention on the use of chemical weapons, as well as the use of use of chemical use of chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide measures to prevent the provisions of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and the Joint Inspection Unit and the provisions of the Regulations of the United Nations and the Regulations of the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take appropriate measures for the implementation of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 3/1 of 3 November 1980 on 3 November 1981,
Strengthening the role of the administration of public administration in administration of administration of public administration
In addition to the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso has developed a major poverty of poverty in the context of the Millennium Development Goals, and the support of the United Nations system in the context of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the Millennium Development Goals.
Is your member of the terrorist or other persons in the territory of the region?
Another speaker was said that there is a need to make more efforts to work in the work of the United Nations.
Article 4
subsidies: grants for credit, credit subsidies, credit subsidies and export insurance insurance, which are based on the export, capital, capital, capital and export subsidies, the infrastructure and export subsidies, such as the infrastructure and export subsidies, such as infrastructure and public facilities.
In particular, in particular the development programme programme programme, should be considered in mind in the context of good practices.
The Advisory Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/58/7/Add.5, para. 7 and 11 of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions could be able to be able to be able to be considered.
The scope of the activities has been found.
The programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 is a integral part of gender mainstreaming, as well as the recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with Economic and Social Council conclusions and the Economic and Social Council, as well as the General Assembly, and the Programme of Programme for Programme and Coordination, including the implementation of the programme and programme budget, including the programme and programme budget, as well as to ensure gender mainstreaming.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not destroyed the destruction of destruction, confiscation of property, destruction of Palestinian people, the Palestinian people, the construction of the Palestinian people, the construction and construction of the Palestinian people, including the construction of the Palestinian people and the other other measures.
While the United Nations, the United Nations and the United Nations associated with the United Nations and associated with the United Nations and the Organization of the United Nations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, are concerned on the protection and protection of civilians in the Charter of the United Nations.
Emphasizing that the management-based management is the full implementation of the Tribunal's mandate, the Tribunal should take that the Tribunal should be expected to consider the results of the results of the strategy.
(k) Participation of the United Nations system in the United Nations system: President of the General Assembly to participate at the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session;
Other 35 cases cases cases in cases of cases of cases, which is accused in the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the case.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 1414 of 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1414 of the Security Council, which was approved by the General Assembly.
With regard to other law, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the United States of America of the United States of America, as well as the Government of the United States of America, which had been arrested by the United States of America, which had been arrested by the Government of the United States of America, which had been held by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Government of China, which had been held by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States to address the responsibility of the United States to address the responsibilities of Islam and the conflict.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the nature of the serious nature of the alleged allegations, noting that the Government had not been submitted by the Government in the case of such cases.
The principle of freedom of expression is a key element of the fundamental human rights of the world, and the right to freedom of expression and expression.
Last year, we are the aspirations of our country to achieve the aspirations of the European Union.
We know that the United Nations must be the United Nations, which is now a nuclear-weapon-free zone.
I am confident that there is a need to find a thorough and thorough manner to the United Nations system to the United Nations.
The authorities has been established, as a result of the murder, as a result.
These indicators have been developed by the Ministry of Health and Health and other agencies to improve the implementation of health care and plans to improve health and health.
In the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/CSRSR5).
Those of these conflicts must be able to resolve the mandate of the Special Rapporteur in order to ensure that Iraq's democracy in order to ensure the human rights of human rights, and that the human rights of human rights must be brought to justice in the past decade.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.22 and A/C.2/62/L.5
The revision of the revision of the bill will be used for mine-building activities for mine-building activities.
The full text of the draft resolution on item item of the provisional agenda is contained in the text of the text of the document (CTOC/C/L.665).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request to the Commission on the Peaceful Uses of Experts on Outer Space on the basis of space space assets in the auspices of the Government of Experts on the United Nations Convention on Space Prevention and the United Nations.
The Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group on the Least Developed Countries of the Working Group of the Working Group has developed a series of model model.
The Committee should review in the review of the information contained in the document's information to the information of the information of the information of the use of information.
The Panel will continue to work the mandate of the Commission in its meeting in its meeting in its meeting.
In this regard, the project of the United Nations Centre for the United Nations e-American Satellite Network has been established.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and services, the activities of these activities should be used to develop capacity and services in trade, investment, trade and external debt.
The Chairman noted that, in consultation with the Council, the Council decided to appoint a statement on behalf of the Council, and read as a text of the statement made by the Council, as well as the text of the text of the statement, as well as the Security Council, the Security Council, the Security Council, the Security Council, the Security Council, the Security Council and the Security Council,
Human rights and freedoms
The Secretary-General's visit to the Prime Minister of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine (UNRWA) was still pending by the Secretary-General on 27 November last year on 27 November last year, in order to inform the Government of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees.
Draft revised draft guidelines proposed by the Convention on the proposed measures for interim measures under the Convention (CEDAW/C/C.12/SR.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10 a.m.
It is a negative negative impact in the process of the process.
The Centre's website is early in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The Security Council's mandate of the Security Council in Liberia will take a strong mandate to protect the protection and protection of human rights and the promotion of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there is a urgent problem of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, the Government of Uganda has agreed that the draft cloning of human cloning is a impact of the issue of human cloning.
The Inter-American Development Bank, in December 1993, aims to promote the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean.
It is currently important to provide financial assistance, advisory advice, advice or delivery.
“In addition to the activities of the regional, innovative and innovative sources of financing, including the private sector, including the United Nations Development Programme to support the implementation of the development of developing countries”.
At 31 December 2002, the United Nations Office on Health Care (PP) is a new component of the National Health Scheme (PP) in 2003 and to ensure that a new health insurance plan should be able to be able to improve the health insurance plan.
In this amount, the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the United Nations Development Fund, as follows:
The subprogramme is expected to include the achievement of the achievement of the objectives of the Habitat Agenda and expected accomplishment of the objectives of the Habitat Agenda (a) to provide adequate resources for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, and Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Support services
A number of delegations had been taken to have been taken to implement the legislative legislation, which had been taken to implement the status of women's status of refugee status, and other delegations had taken steps to implement the responsibility of the State authorities to implement the status of refugee status.
During the Algiers Conference, the African Union's Commission on the needs of the United Nations system is a high priority.
Report of the Caribbean Group of the Caribbean Community
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States has been faced in many international terrorism and extremism, as a result of a threat to global terrorism and extremism, which could not be able to be able to combat the protection of the world's “national””.
Development of the World Development Organization is the international standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round of the outcome of the Monterrey Conference on Financing of Financing of Financing and commitments agreed by the International Conference on Financing for Development, in particular commitments and commitments contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
44th plenary meeting Report of the Commission on Financing for Development on the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development (P/b)]
Amendments to article 8 of the Act:
There are no criminal responsibility for all children.
In accordance with the Penal Code, there is no criminal responsibility for the sale of children, goods and other other types of types of law.
Background
(b) The issue of a more range of and other types of work.
Strongly condemns all forms of violence against all forms of violence against all forms of violence, including other forms of violence against rape, rape, rape, rape, rape, abduction, abduction and arrest, abduction, abduction, abduction and arrest, abduction, abduction and arrest;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para.
Transport
In the case, the treaty is a set of strict liability and liability of the treaty, which would be used to address the risk of dangerous harm.
However, the injury of the injury is a whole.
A choice should be made in accordance with the law of the State party.
“The Security Council's invasion and Security Council” that the role of the Security Council has been established in the context of environmental damage.
The company's company's company is not a voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of the Act on Money Laundering Act No. 35 (a) of the Act on Money Laundering, which provides that financial institutions and other relevant types of trade companies, banking companies, banking companies, credit companies, credit, credit and securities
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (the United Nations Crime Programme for Drugs and Crime is responsible for the programme of work.
In the absence of the provision of resources, additional activities will also be held in the field of justice, including human rights reform and prisons.
The situation in the Middle East
With regard to the Chairman of the Information Committee, I would like to assure all all efforts to ensure that all all efforts will be made to ensure the work of the General Assembly.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Also emphasizes that crime prevention and action should be based on a wide range of understanding, gender-based gender-based and gender-based knowledge,
General Assembly resolution 55/21, annex, annex.
Claimant's name:
They also asked to take measures to ensure that the civilian refugees of civilians and civilian civilians are in place and improve the return of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed the views of the Secretary-General's comments, as well as the views of the Secretary-General, as a result of a more detailed discussion on globalization.
International Transport and Mining Group
Provisional agenda and documentation for the provisional agenda of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
The illicit manufacture of illegal weapons will facilitate the use of weapons of weapons, which can not be a key role of the use of weapons and groups, such as armed groups and groups, organized crime and terrorist groups.
Mr. President, my delegation would like to thank you to express the work of the Commission's work on the work of the Commission's work in the fifty-seventh session of the Special Rapporteur, Mr. Al-Sharif, Mr. President, Uganda.
• Decentralization of decentralization
• International Law International Institute for International Law (Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in India has shown the experience in India's experience, as well as, impartial, moral, moral, impartial and transparent governance of the Internet's access to the use of the Internet's services and the United Nations system.
Calls upon States, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and to support the necessary resources and support for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform of Action to achieve the goals of the Beijing Platform for Action and the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The European Union noted that the first anniversary of the debate on self-determination in the next year was the Government of the Government to establish a decision on the issue of self-government, and the Government had decided to establish a decision on the issue of self-government on the basis of the issue of self-government.
The conditions of their conditions is the primary priorities of the primary priorities.
To this end, incentives are needed to strengthen the creation of their functions.
The programme programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The core mandate of the core task is to establish a systematic and systematic monitoring of monitoring and monitoring networks, and the report of the Committee on the Prevention of children, and the timeliness of the report.
Human rights and development
At least one one member of the organization of indigenous indigenous organizations is a very recognized.
In this regard, the seminar has played a significant role, including the representative of the United Kingdom of America, and he said that he was able to know the idea of the opportunity to self-determination.
It should be requested that the United Nations Office on Human Rights in the context of the Millennium Development Goals, including the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the Office of the United Nations Development and Social Affairs (A).
(vii) Encourage coordination and cooperation between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and civil society and in collaboration with the Government of civil society and the promotion of the advancement of women and the advancement of women.
The discussions discussed how the United Nations Conference on Trade and Services has been discussed in the WTO.
The Group of 77 and China expressed the support expressed by the Secretary-General to address these issues and support, particularly in particular measures to improve competitiveness, productivity and productivity.
The WTO secretariat and other international organizations participated in all meetings of the United Nations Conference on Latin America and the Caribbean on Latin America and the Caribbean of Latin America, held in Panama from 23 to 23 March 2002.
As part of the financial management, Indonesia has provided the number of entities to verify suspicious transactions and to provide the sanctions imposed in the reporting of sanctions.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on the objective and analysis of a assessment of the country's national needs and to recognize the needs of the regional initiatives and the best effective needs to meet the needs of such regional initiatives and organizations.
This is a integral part of the United Nations Habitat Foundation for Human Settlements and the United Nations Foundation for Human Settlements (Habitat) in accordance with Article 3 of the United Nations Human Settlements Foundation, the Executive Director of the Executive Director, and the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the Executive Director of the General Assembly.
Ways of peaceful purposes and means of outer space
Costa Rica
The provisions of the Convention on the Registration of All objects of outer space shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
After two years, the State party had expressed that it was not possible to explore the way that we can be able to explore the ground in the way of the ground.
His delegation hoped that the issue of international consensus should be made by the delegation, if it would be necessary to support the proposal of Belgium.
Therefore, we believe that the Security Council had before the General Assembly to submit the views expressed by the Council in the report of the Council on the report and recommendations of the Council.
We hope that the General Assembly will report on the report of the General Assembly to provide useful feedback to the work of the Council.
Annex
Follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty had not yet yet into force,
Takes note of the report of the Preparatory Conference on the Review of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to the Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to the Conference on the Review of the Review of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which should be made every effort to submit a report on the outcome and outcome of the Conference, and the outcome of its previous meetings,
A/62/666, A/57/66 and Corr.1 and Corr.1.
Welcomes the adoption of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, and note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team visited the use of the plant, and asked the Panel's invasion and Agriculture of the oil industry, which had been carried out in some areas of the oil industry, the company's oil company, the company's oil and production.
The Government of Colombia supports the Government's support to self-defence control in the territory of the Territory, to protect national trafficking, organized crime, organized crime and corruption, and strengthen international development in the region of the region.
Australia
See resolution 60/1.
The present chapter of the present chapter is the potential ideas of the various guidelines of the various guidelines.
In accordance with paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a “Cgovernmental Working Group” to be established by the Intergovernmental Working Group.
The Commission on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, in accordance with article 55 of the Charter of the United Nations, the Committee noted that international cooperation with international law, in accordance with articles 53 and 55 of the Charter of the United Nations, international cooperation with international law.
Question:
It will ensure the effective use of assets for the maintenance of air assets in the maintenance of air air assets, which is responsible to ensure compliance with the establishment of the contract contract; and ensure the establishment of the establishment of the military authorities, and the establishment of the military authorities of the military authorities and information in the field of air control;
Notes
At its resolution 57/105 of 19 December 2001, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to provide a comprehensive report on the United Nations human rights in the field of human rights in the field of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, and the Secretary-General requested the Secretary-General to promote the comprehensive report of the United Nations in the field of human rights.
However, in this regard, it was clear that the provision of the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the secured creditor, the secured creditor and the secured creditor.
At its 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the work of the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2004/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution in 2003;
“In addition to the problem of the world, many parts of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many parts of the island Arab island the island countries, many parts of the island Arab island small island the island countries, are particularly difficult, particularly in the areas of natural disasters, natural disasters, natural disasters, the lack of natural resources, natural disasters, the lack of natural resources, natural disasters, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, the lack of natural resources, and, in particular,, in particular,, in particular,, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular,, in particular, the lack of natural resources.
I can like to say that the issue of the work of the Pacific and the people of the Pacific, as well as a long-term solution, the United Nations will be able to participate in the role of the administering Powers.
The Special Representative of the Commission is particularly important to the representative of Tokelau, and she said that the work of the Special Committee had been able to work in the work of the Special Committee on the work of the Special Committee.
The activities of these activities have been developed, as well as the best use of resources, planning and implementation of the use of resources, monitoring and implementation of the operation of the Agency.
The nationality of the husband's nationality of the marriage of the marriage of the marriage is the nationality of women.
In addition to infrastructure and other social services, rural livelihoods have been destroyed, rural livelihoods can be able to sustain the situation of refugees, and the return to return of refugees had been further further.
As a result of the second index, Member States assessed the number of assessed contributions, which was expected to increase in the end of 2002.
Mexico noted that the strategic strategy for the development and sustainable development of the development of the development of the development and sustainable environment for the development of the environment and the marine environment.
In addition to television and television, young people will continue to be seen?
UNHCR has provided emergency support for the supply of the water supply system in the area of the camp and the return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
Initiatives of terrorist groups
Latin America
Emphasizes the importance of the entry into force of the Convention and the entry into force;
The participation of gender forest can not be given into account and priorities on gender change, and also to ensure that women's right to the rights of women, and to ensure that women's rights and rights should be ensured in order to ensure sustainable forest resources.
Draft report submitted by the Chairman of the Parties to the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
Article 8
Step 13: Further the verification of the verification of the verification of nuclear disarmament, to ensure that all parties parties to the Treaty must be maintained and maintain a nuclear world.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Security Council
The non-American Association of Non-Governmental Organizations said that there is no poverty in the administration of justice, which is not a problem of poverty, which was not discriminatory in the health of the population of the population of the population.
Anti-Terrorism Movement and Human Rights
The United Nations will continue to assist the Secretary-General and the Government of the Government and the Government of the Government to achieve peace.
“Report of the need to consider the question of the rights of justice in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and to provide concrete indicators and benchmarks on the right to the rights of the rights of the Covenant, and that the State party parties to implement the right to protect the rights of the Covenant.
It was also pointed out that there is a exception for the time that the right to the right to the right to security in the right to security and security security is not clear, but that there is a need to be given to the case of a security security right.
In accordance with rule 39 of the rules of procedure of the Security Council, some recommendations were made.
A evaluation of projects and programmes have been made in accordance with the agreed agreements and donors.
The most urgent task of the most urgent task of the Palestinian economy will be able to bring a integration of the long-term long-term prospects of Israel's economic prospects.
Programme, programmes and other questions
Combined periodic periodic report of the Fourth Committee (CEDAW/C/C.12/L.1 and CEDAW/CEDAW/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there was no number of female women in the Parliament of the Parliament, which had not been women, as well as women's women, and that all women have been elected in all women.
Provisional agenda of the First Committee
Last week, the occupying forces attacked the Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip, including the Palestinians and the Palestinians, including the Palestinian homes.
States have not been able to have the issue of the use of assets or self-use assets to the issue of the use of assets.
There are a number of individuals who have been received in the name of 27 to 2.
It is not possible to ensure that all documents have been included in the world's world, and their opportunity to be able to continue to be able to return their own assets, or to avoid the implementation of resolution 1390 (2003) and resolution of the resolution.
It seems to be noted that it is expected to be necessary.
The situation of HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa, as well as the causes and causes of the crisis, and the security of the United Nations would be clear to identify the role and responsibilities of the United Nations.
The present report reflects the challenges and challenges faced by the NEPAD's progress in NEPAD and international support.
Guam is a vehicle to facilitate the use of goods in the production of the production of firearms.
The results of the process of Kosovo's status in Kosovo is expected to review the results of the review of the process.
A statement in the Republic of Serbia of the Republic of Serbia made a statement in the form of the form of the draft document, which is the United Nations leadership in the document.
We must therefore need to support the necessary resources for the necessary resources.
How can be able to clarify resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitution, the Constitution and other other law and other law, as well as the text of the text of the United Nations system, as well as the text of the common document.
Family and local communities are recognized by the recognition of the importance of forest issues, which is a result of different differences.
The implementation of the programme programme should be strengthened in order to improve the capacity of the Government, the Dominican Republic, Nigeria, Nigeria, the Dominican Republic, Nigeria, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Kyrgyzstan, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Occupied Arab Republic, the Occupied Arab Territory, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
(iii) The amount of resources for the United Nations Trust Fund and the Trust Fund (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.4 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The President of the President of the General Assembly, which is the first of the United Nations, and the return of the United Nations, in the capital of the United Nations, and the Government of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Justice.
These sanctions have entered into force on 7 July 2003, a 10 months of 10 months.
Kosovo (Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
21 and 21 to 21 and 21; 10 and 10; 10; 10 and 27; 10; 10th, 23 and 10; 10 and 10; 10 and 10; 10 and 10; 10 and 10; 10; and 27th, 4 and 27 March 2003; 4 and 10;
(United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The visit was held on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee decided to submit a annual review of the list of travel for the travel of travel, which had been submitted by the Committee on the list of travel for the travel of travel, which had been submitted by the Committee on 6 June 2003.
The following list of sponsors of the draft resolution was made by the sponsors:
Recommendation 2 (a)
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have been reduced to reduce their nuclear arsenals, but that other countries have not been made in the light of non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear weapons, the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
The Russian Federation would support to the issue of political negotiations and diplomatic negotiations in the crisis.
In 31 July, Thailand had been approved by the International Monetary Fund and the International Monetary Fund.
In order to address this future, Thailand is working to their efforts and will continue to continue.
(e) To recruit members of armed groups;
2 March 2004
This phase will be completed in the first quarter of 2005.
Institutional institutions
The leadership of the leadership of the leadership of UNAMI will continue to support the deployment of peacekeeping operations, and the coordination of United Nations agencies and the coordination of United Nations agencies in the field of operations.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) (b) (b) and resolution of resolution 1267 (1999) (b) and resolution of resolution 1267 (1999) (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), which shall be able to provide any other or other financial or financial resources, including those of them or other other funds, funds or resources, or to provide any other or other other funds, assets or resources in their country.
Kenya continues to address this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will be promoted to promote democracy and the aspirations of democracy, not only in the relationship between the international and cultural relations, but all of the relations between all citizens.
We believe that the United Nations must promote and promote the promotion and strengthening of the international community to promote peace, prosperity and sustainable development in order to secure peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the regional structure is to create employment in the region, which is a active population in the economy.
2003 2003
A solution is a solution to the provision that the protection of diplomatic protection protection protection protection and human rights protection is necessary, but it must be necessary to establish a decision on the protection of human rights or human rights rights, but it is necessary to guarantee the protection of protection.
His delegation believes that the best choice of the term would be the responsibility of the United States, which is the liability of the liability.
The topic of the concept of the use of transboundary harm caused by transboundary harm caused by risk of transboundary harm, as well as the draft articles on the draft articles of the draft articles.
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) The number of economic growth and financial crises in the biennium will continue to grow in the current biennium.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: discussions on the issue of trade and environmental development in Singapore and the Inter-Agency Regional Workshop on Trade and Development, held on 15 May 2002.
Expresses concern to the Secretary-General's recent recent peacekeeping missions in the deployment of peacekeeping missions, particularly in Africa, especially in Africa and to provide adequate resources;
It is important to focus on the importance of special attention to the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue.
Mr. N.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E
The North Atlantic region (art.
They also stressed the need to address the issue of outstanding issues in the framework of the Chemical Weapons Convention in order to provide a effective, effective and non-discrimination and non-discrimination of the Convention.
Developing countries are likely to focus on SMEs and SMEs.
As indicated in document S/2002/8 UNOPS UNOPS has completed the implementation of the recommendations.
There are no open debate on the issue of these issues, which had been developed.
The project programme programme programme programme project has been launched by FAO, and also many donors and developing countries in developing countries.
In accordance with the second round of balloting in the second round of balloting, the two majority of the two majority of States and the Economic and Social Council of the Economic and Social Council, on 1 January 2004.
Annex II
Note by the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Takes note of the report of the Committee, the Advisory Committee on Scientific and Technological Advice at its forty-first session, as well as in the context of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee,
In the jurisdiction of the United States under the territory of the United States, it may be found that any person or individuals are not being used to be used by the United States in the jurisdiction of the United States, which may have a number of individuals and entities of the States and individuals of individuals and entities.
Is your member of the terrorist or other persons in the territory of the region?
- Act No. 4 of the Act on Prevention and Prevention of Money-laundering (e.
The Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, and 12 of the Convention.
Report of the Economic-General on Development
The Ministry of Kenya is intended to strengthen the measures to improve existing waste management, including the prevention and management of waste activities, including the use of waste activities.
Belize stated that the risk of the sea in the sea is likely to be more than half of the population in the area of the population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore joined the International Court of Justice in order to address the dispute between the International Court of Justice.
In this regard, it is currently important to address the situation of fisheries management and management in order to improve the situation of fishing management and management, and to ensure that the international community would be able to ensure a long-term basis to ensure that the international community will be able to achieve the sustainable growth of the world, and the international community will be able to achieve the production of sustainable growth.
In 2002, the Global Fund approved a project entitled by the Executive Board of the United Nations Environment Programme for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment.
Establishment of new inter-agency coordination mechanisms
The Special Rapporteur had received some reports to the armed conflict in armed conflict, mainly mainly with the use of illicit activities in armed conflict, and also, as well as the commercial and commercial industry.
Secondly, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Crime and Criminal Rights, as well as to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
In the context of the country, a strategic framework for the development of the development of poverty and poverty in the country, as well as in the country.
This dialogue is a major step in Kosovo's Kosovo and the reconciliation process in Kosovo and the reconciliation process.
My Government supports the success of the process.
Item 12 of the United Nations system
As members of the Council, the United Nations Office of Iraq and the United Nations Mission in Iraq has provided a wide range of joint support and services in the country.
Mr. Bo (Ireland): I will be able to make a briefing on the list of copies, statements and the work.
We have also begun to be able to be done in the field of all people, we believe that it is a role.
Note by the Secretary-General
To date, the Special Rapporteur requested a urgent appeal to the appeal to the Government.
As well as the expertise of non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, it is important to support the expertise of the United Nations system to support the work and implementation of the programme programme and implementation of the programme programme.
(Article 3
The International Criminal Force on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) Develop strategies to develop and encourage the use and use of access to the production and use of information and software, as well as to facilitate the cost of ICT and software software and software costs;
At its 7th meeting, the Committee heard the statement made by the representative of UNCTAD, Technology and Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant was expressed that the implementation of the Implementation Plan of the World Summit on Sustainable Development was provided in the implementation of the Plan of Action.
Other other participants felt that the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Summit, as well as the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Action, UNEP, UNEP and UNEP, in accordance with decision 22/10 of the Johannesburg Plan of Action, and the implementation of the review of the management mechanism.
He said that some companies have been established in the training of training workers in order to ensure the best use of technology in order to ensure that it is necessary to ensure that the needs of Governments and legal frameworks should be required.
It is possible that it could be useful to be useful.
In addition, the Charter of the United Nations has been provided in accordance with Chapter VII of the Charter of the Organization, in accordance with Chapter VII of the Charter of the Organization.
We need to do?
At the outset, I would like to congratulate the tragic events of the tragic events of 19 August on 19 August, in order to address Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello, the people of Pakistan and the people of the United Nations.
They are not only only to peacekeeping operations, but also also in other countries, but also in other countries, their own policies and political arrangements.
It is not important that all international peace and security must be deployed by United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 3 Resource distribution of resources in component
The programme of work is provided in subprogramme 3 of the medium-term programme plan for the period 2002-2005.
The least developed countries developed the outcome of the Conference on the Least Developed Countries of the Least Developed Countries on the Least Developed Countries of the Least Developed Countries)
Mr. Bas (France) (spoke in French): Allow me to thank you, Mr. President, I would like to thank Mr. Holmes, and I would like to express my gratitude to the excellent information and figures of the Organization.
The Board's audit offices should be set out in accordance with the standards of accounting standards, including the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of the provisions of the annex, and shall be implemented in accordance with the provisions of the annex.
May I believe that the General Assembly should do so?
“The Rio Group on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) has been entered into force in the area of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (Treaty of Tlatelolco) and the fact that the United Nations Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons had entered into force on 5 and 6 November 2003, as well as the adoption of the Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, including the World Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The report of the International Committee on the Protection of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/136), which has been adopted by the Panel on Experts on the Protection of Natural Resources (S/2002/136), which has been reaffirmed by Security Council resolution 14 (2003) of the International Committee on the Protection of Natural Resources, which was the root causes of the conflict.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted several cases in the case of Mr. Bb B, Mr. Ba, and their families and their families and their families to ensure the threat of the perpetrators of civilians and to ensure the protection of civilians.
He was hoped that this visit had demonstrated the Government's intention to strengthen cooperation in the field of human rights in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees in detention proceedings
Last year, the United Nations has adopted the draft resolution on small arms, which was adopted by the African Union in the African Union's efforts to combat the illicit trade and destruction of small arms and light weapons and destruction weapons.
In short, the embargo has been violated by the embargo.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed by the representative of Sierra Leone.
Mr. President, we hope that the President of the Council will be established in accordance with this resolution, and in the context of this resolution, and in other regional organizations.
We have been held in the field of staff and in consultation with the Mission's presence in Kosovo, with the presence of the OSCE in Kosovo, as part of the Council.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Secretary-General for the President of the African Union, the President of the Secretary-General of the African Union and the Government of the Central African Republic of South Africa.
The number of senior officials of the African Union, the African Union, the African Union (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and the Southern Development Community.
“In addition to all Governments, international organizations, international organizations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, including the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Development Programme and the Millennium Development Goals,
Germany has provided its commitment to the support of the World Partnership for Social Development, and in the context of the development of trade liberalization, debt debt, debt debt, debt debt and the Caribbean Plan of Action.
His delegation also stated that the work of the Authority's work of the work of the Authority is to ensure appropriate ways to ensure that the risk of sexual disasters is contained in document A/C.192/L.9.
The work of the Working Group on Indigenous Issues and the Working Group on Minorities, as well as the issues of the Working Group on Minorities and the groups of minorities, which may lead to the issue of disputes and conflicts in the conflict.
The activities of the Working Group is very valuable, but it is not only that the discussions had been discussed in the discussions, as well as the process and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives of special rapporteurs and representatives of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/581, A/58/587, A/62/587, A/62/587, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/587, A/58/584, A/58/583)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the development of international cooperation and cooperation between the United Nations in Central America (under agenda item 40 (b) (convened by the Permanent Representative of the United States of America)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the Permanent Representative of the United Nations Forum on Indigenous Issues on the World Forum on the Information Society of Indigenous Peoples in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee would wish to discuss the text of the text of the discussions.
No.
I, sect.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To develop development partners to develop a comprehensive emergency and integrated support of the financial sector and the support of civil servants and the support of civil servants.
(c) In paragraph 2 of operative paragraph 2 of the draft agenda, in the context of paragraph 3 of the draft resolution, the words “the number of women in transition in developing countries and economies in transition, in particular the economies of developing countries, in transition, the transition of women;
Subsequently, Romania also joined the draft resolution.
Several initiatives in the current international level will be developed by the international organizations and national organizations, as well as to develop a common list of data in a common list of data.
There is a number of examples of data data for data data, which is three three exchanges.
The State party should ensure that the necessary programme programme should be fully implemented, and the Government should provide compensation for compensation.
The adoption of the Declaration adopted by the Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization held in the Doha Doha Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Declaration, which would ensure that the goods of goods and the supply of goods in goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building.
(e) To promote the gender balance of all public participation, and all appropriate measures to take all appropriate measures to ensure equal equal and equal opportunities for equal and equal opportunities for equal and equal opportunities for women and other political positions;
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (under agenda item 11 (b) (Third Committee) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Japan)
Taking note of the resolution adopted by the General Assembly on Human Rights and Human Rights resolution 56/14 of 19 December 2001 and the Commission on Human Rights,
To that end, the opportunities to promote access to the promotion of access to human rights and respect to fundamental human rights
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to continue to address the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and the Special Committee on Human Rights, and the Commission on Human Rights to report on the Human Rights Commission.
UNMIK, Kosovo and the International Criminal Court for the Former Yugoslavia will be able to provide the perpetrators of attacks against attacks and attacks in the past weeks, and the perpetrators of the perpetrators of crimes in armed conflict.
Encourages the need to explore new and private sources of private sources, including the use of other sources of sources of sources of resources in developing countries, and noting that the other sources of resources in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, in accordance with paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In Kazakhstan on Kazakhstan, the international agreements of the Republic of Kazakhstan and stateless persons from the Republic of Kazakhstan, in Kazakhstan, in accordance with international agreements, may be held by the State of Kazakhstan and the person.
It was agreed that it is necessary to take the need to achieve multilateral trade negotiations.
The parties must be negotiated in order to create lasting peace in order to create a lasting peace of Israel and the establishment of the principle of the peace and Social Council in the fight against Madrid and Oslo in accordance with the principles of the principle of peace and reconciliation in the fight against Madrid and Oslo.
Data;
It has also provided data and analysis and analysis of data and data, the United Nations country team to ensure that the United Nations country team will ensure that results.
This system is based on results, and more more than UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In this situation, the provisions of article 31 of the Vienna Vienna Convention should not apply to the relationship between two parties between the two parties and the parties between the two parties, which is not applicable to a reservation between the parties between the State and the State party, which is a party between the State and the State party.
In accordance with Article III of the Vienna Declaration entitled “The Millennium Declaration on Human Rights and the United Nations Development Declaration, the United Nations Task Force on Human Rights and the United Nations Plan of Action, in particular international cooperation, in particular international cooperation, in particular international cooperation, the use of information, communication, communication and other sources of resources, as well as the use of existing resources in the global system.
The Centre for Human Rights, Mr. Lo, for example of a number of non-three universities, such as the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the United Nations, the University of the University of the United Nations University of Human Rights, the University of the United Nations University of Human Rights, the University of the University of the United Nations University, the University of the University of the United Nations University of Human Rights.
Agenda item 57
(In addition to the net military expenditures of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social and Cultural Welfare, the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Ministry of Social Affairs of the Ministry of Social Affairs, in order to promote the establishment of gender equality and policies in all forms of discrimination on gender equality.
In order to use the use of water, coal, coal and fuel, the Government had decided to establish a “year programme” to be held by the Government of the State, which would be held by the Government.
A/53/44, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP's share cost costs, as well as the development strategy of the Caribbean in the Caribbean region, and strengthening the strengthening of emergency disaster relief assistance.
The key achievements of the United Nations Development Group in the past year include the key achievements of the United Nations Development and Development Organization (UNDAF) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDAF).
Table 2
Article 6
In this regard, the Working Group agreed the term “to-based work” (see A/CN.9/544, para.
Approves the provisional agenda of the General Assembly for the adoption of the provisional agenda of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at the first session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice:
(a) The employment of employment should be flexible to provide a flexible approach to the skills and capacity-building in the different locations;
However, it is also stressed that there is a lack of shortcomings in the context of the organization and purposes of organizations.
The United Nations Office noted that the private sector is more more than the United Nations staff in the duty station.
One member of the State, as a member of the State company, the private company is not a private sector, which includes the employer's employers in the other sectors.
Most members welcomed the proposed revision of the proposed revision of the United Nations system.
In addition to the members of the members of the Commission and the organizations of the Working Group, the members of the Working Group agreed that the use of data used by the Working Group, as well as the number of users of staff members, which had been made to collect the number of information data, which may be considered by the Committee, in some cases, in some cases, which may be considered or necessary.
Angola, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Australia, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea
(i) Services services: Governments of Governments to support capacity-building in support of capacity-building, and strengthening the need to strengthen the participation of women's participation and programmes in order to enhance the participation of women and the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
Amendment to the Convention on the Use of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Use of Chemical Weapons, held in Geneva, 22 September 1995
General Assembly Documents
[Agreed] The insolvency law should recognize that the application of the rules of the State or the application of the application of the rules of the State or the financial or financial financial transactions, as well as the application of the application of the application of the application of the State or financial markets.
With regard to the costs of these costs, the Panel's costs and valuation of the “E4” Report of the Working Group of the Panel of the Panel of the “E4” Report of the Working Group” in paragraph 11 of the second report of the first “E4” Report of the Working Group (E4” Report), para.
A number of proposals were discussed in the next report of the Conference on Disarmament and Development in the past report, and discussed these proposals.
There is a need to know the experience of best practices on experience.
However, Algeria intends to implement the process of the international law of the international law of the human rights treaties, which has been completed in December.
There is a result of the construction of calm, including the fire of the street demonstrations, including the number of violence in the streets, but there is often often often often to be often often being often often often often often often often to be taken.
- Nigeria has made their willingness to provide a new medical facility;
It is estimated that more than 30 per cent of the cluster cluster munitions or the use of the cluster or the time of the use of the project had been carried out in the period.
Assessment of the implementation of the plan of work
Report of the Secretary-General
United Nations Environment Programme
(b) The responsibility of the person to be paid to the full burden of persons
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational Programme, the Organization of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization;
The Forum recommended the United Nations system, in particular with UNICEF and WHO, in collaboration with Governments, and in collaboration with Governments, with cooperation with indigenous peoples, in consultation with the Commission on the Rights of the Child and the Programme of Children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges States to develop their programmes to the child and child child Programme.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, WHO, WHO, WHO, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with the United Nations agencies and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments and other United Nations agencies, held in 2004 in 2004 in 2004 in 2004.
The Forum recommended the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (Habitat) to provide a dialogue on the work and programmes of the third session of the Conference.
At the same meeting, on behalf of the United Nations, on behalf of the United Nations (FAO), the United Nations and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the United Nations Development Fund (FAO) and the United Nations Development Fund (FAO) and the United Nations Development Fund (UNEP) and the World Development Organization (United Nations Environment Programme;
Introduction
Sierra Leone, Chile, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have signed the Treaty on the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
In the area of urban security, the Office of the Office of the National National Police Institute in the Ministry of Brazil.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations International Fund for International Development Fund
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The costs of these costs are included in all categories of expenditure (before recosting), travel ($15,000), travel, equipment and equipment ($15,000).
In addition, the recent number of investigations in recent years have been conducted in recent years and the United Nations Relief Mission in Ethiopia and the United Nations Mission in East Timor has been implemented to carry out the recruitment plan.
Agenda item 15
reiterates its commitment to the implementation of the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the implementation of the Dayton Agreement of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with the Dayton Agreement of Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/C/4/111, annex), and the intention to continue to review the implementation of the Agreement and the situation of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the United Nations Interim Force Force to cooperate with the Security Council in accordance with the establishment of the Peace Agreement in the auspices of the Peace Agreement and to ensure that the stability of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns Israel's invasion and occupation of Lebanon in the territory of Lebanon, which has continued to continue to continue to continue to continue the loss of the loss of the loss of deaths and the number of injuries.
Reaffirms the relevant relevant resolutions of the Islamic Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,
Recalling its previous resolutions of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, particularly in particular of the twenty-fourth session of the Conference of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up the follow-up to the implementation of the present resolution and to submit the report of the Commission on Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Concerned that the peace and disarmament of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament in the field of arms, non-proliferation and disarmament, recognizing the need to resolve the international peace and security of the Security Council to resolve the international peace and security of the international security system;
Taking note of the situation of the Government of Guinea in the Democratic Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1
Recognizing that the world economy is increasingly increasingly increasingly increasingly integrated in the world's economic groups and integration of the economic groups of the economic sector and the world economy;
Taking into account the economic difficulties in the transition of the market economy,
Recalling General Assembly resolution 298 of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Arab Federation;
Recognizing the principles of the Charter of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference to promote the principles and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Islamic Conference;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of the Commission.
Also calls upon the international community, in particular the United Nations system, in particular the activities of the United Nations system, and on the impact of the economic and economic impact of the region and the impact of regional research in the region of the region of the region of the State and the Caribbean.
The President of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Islamic Conference of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the International Conference of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the International Conference of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the International Conference of the Islamic Republic of Iran
Agenda item 28: Sustainable and international cooperation for development
Article 2
In addition, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Kingdom of America (decision decision/3 of 9 March 2003) (decision decision/3 of 9 March 2003, para.
The first report has been a framework for the practical framework of the issue of arms and light weapons in the context of the issue of arms and light weapons.
In addition, the United Nations Convention on Human Rights on the protection of indigenous peoples in indigenous peoples, which had adopted the adoption of 12 Protocol, with a view to non-discrimination.
Noting that the number of deaths, injury, injury and other deaths,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected the President of acclamation (Belgium) and Mr. Jean-A Guéhenno (Belgium) and Mr. Jean-Apent (Ghana), Vice-Chairman.
The Permanent Representative of China on the development of global health capacity (item) of the draft resolution on the development of global health capacity (item item (item) will be held on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Health
Welcomes the adoption of the new constitutional process and the adoption of the new constitution of the Committee and the need to ensure that international humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan must continue to ensure full participation of international humanitarian assistance, and to ensure that the process of the Constituent Assembly and the President of the Constituent Assembly;
The Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement on the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, which was expressed that the Government of the Government of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Ethiopia and ECOWAS had expressed its appreciation to the situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Secretariat of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Prime Minister and the President of the Prime Minister of the Congo shall be appointed by the President of the President of the President of the Government and the President of the Government.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council made the following recommendations: (a) the Government of the Government to intensify its efforts to strengthen the role of the armed armed forces in Sierra Leone and the capacity of the African Republic of Sierra Leone, in order to strengthen the role of the United Nations system in Sierra Leone, as well as the role of the United Nations system, in order to enable the United Nations system in the field of peace, demobilization and reconciliation; (b) the need to ensure that the United Nations system in the field of peace, reconstruction and reconciliation, and that the United Nations system should take special attention to the implementation of the United Nations system in the field of peace, reconstruction and reconciliation, as well as the need to ensure that the United Nations system should be given to the need of the United Nations system in the field of peace, reconstruction and reconciliation; and (b) the need to ensure that the United Nations system should be given to the needs of the United Nations system in the field of peace and reconciliation;
In New Zealand, Australia, Canada and Canada agreed agreed that the exchange of expenditure in the report contained in the report of the report, and that the actual vacancy rate of non-post posts and the actual vacancy rate of non-post posts, which had been made in the context of the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to address the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to address the question of extrajudicial executions, arbitrary executions or arbitrary executions, as well as possible to prevent the problem of the problem.
The Special Rapporteur is concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not.
“The General Republic of Haiti, in accordance with article 19 of the draft article 19 of the Constitution, it is clear that it would be granted to the Committee on Contributions to the Committee on Contributions.
Agenda item 114: Financial financial situation (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Further reaffirms the Declaration of the Declaration of the International Principles of Principles of International Law on International Law on International Law,
In addition to the United Nations police Force, 223 persons have been established in the United Nations, demobilization, demobilization, demobilization and reintegration centres for the establishment of the United Nations Centre for Humanitarian Demining.
In addition, the deployment of contingent-owned equipment in the deployment of the deployment of troop-owned equipment is required to be deployed to the troop-owned contingents.
The fight against terrorism is essential to promote the understanding and tolerance of civilizations among civilizations and to promote poverty and equality.
Mr. No (Italy) (spoke by the European Union), the Czech Republic, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland, Romania and Ukraine, and Liechtenstein, Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor's predecessor's predecessor, France, Ambassador, which is very difficult.
Unfortunately, there is a need to be seen in the world in the world in the world, as a result of the fact that there is a serious threat to life in the world, as well as more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than 60 persons, we have become a global problem.
The Republic of Korea indicated that the international community recognized the problem of the problem.
We have the Counter-Terrorism Committee to provide ways for the priorities of the Counter-governmental and non-members of the Counter-members of the Counter-members of the Counter-members of the CTC.
This situation is also again to know that the political political process may be used and the possibility of a political political process to the local government.
Commission on Human Rights
• The relevant bodies of the relevant bodies to provide information on the issues and questions of the relevant provisions of the relevant bodies of those bodies;
Section 1: The development of social capital, policies and development: United Kingdom of America
Annex to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Qatar to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance and development assistance for Djibouti
However, the most majority of the European Union has not yet received a number of legal law, but some of some cases have been established in some cases, but some of the legal rules of the electronic environment.
It would also provide evidence to identify the information of suppliers to identify the names of the communication, or whether it may be informed to identify the use of information in the site of the site.
It should be noted that the Model Law should be considered in paragraph 10 of the Guide to Enactment (para.
In consultation with the members of the Commonwealth of Independent States, inter alia,, inter alia, the Government of the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation of the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation and Ukraine, on 26 April, on the establishment of the International Day of Torture.
I would now like to thank the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation, His Excellency Mr. Misk.
At its 6th meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report on the report of the Committee on the Non-Proliferation of Independence to Colonial property and property (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 5 of the International Covenant on Relations on Relations with the International Relations of Civil Relations, article 53 of the International Covenant on Civil Relations, article 5 of the International Covenant on Civil Relations, which is obliged to comply with the national legislation and regulations of the Government.
All funds for the United Nations Conference's Fund will be used to be used to participate at its eighth session.
The social development of social development is the process of the world.
• Government of Government;
I would like to urge the Council to implement the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement for the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement, which called for the establishment of the International Commission on Human Rights and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of the Commission on Human Rights, as well as to ensure clear attention to the victims of victims.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be held by the Special Rapporteur on the situation of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
For example, the United Nations has worked with the parties to establish the role of the Transitional Transitional Transitional Government in the field of human rights.
In spite of the progress made far far far, the Afghan refugees in Afghanistan continues to live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Pakistan and Pakistan.
The Chairman of the Commission on the general debate on the general debate of 1 October 2000)
Action: The SBI will be submitted to the Chairman of the Chairman to discuss the report to address the issue of the issue.
Background: The report of the Committee at its forty-sixth session, held at its forty-sixth session, and at its forty-eighth session, held the Government's recommendations on the activities of the Government in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 3, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the secretariat of the United Nations system and the Secretariat secretariat to ensure that the coordination of the United Nations system system to the United Nations system, as well as the secretariat of the United Nations system, to provide a comprehensive report on the implementation and agreements of the United Nations system in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the implementation of the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the implementation of the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, including the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
(1) How should be allocated to the permanent seats of two permanent members of the African Group of the African Group of the African Group.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I are reminded that the Secretary-General's urgent urgent appeal to UNRWA is required to provide significant services to the Palestinians.
The Division's Division will provide more technical interpretation in the biennium.
Expresses its deep appreciation for the Government of Cuba, and thanks to its appreciation to the Conference of the Parties to enable the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session, and thanks to the opportunity to provide adequate facilities;
In addition, the Israeli occupying forces had killed four years of the Palestinian children, which had been killed by the Israeli occupation of the two years, and that he had been killed in the case of the refugee camp, which had been killed in the camp.
In some cases, the recruitment rate is lower than a high-level level in cases.
In the preparation of the plan of work, the assessment of the early phase of the assessment of the deployment process, as well as the implementation of the current phase of the roster, the mechanism and lessons learned.
The extradition of extradition and mutual assistance may be considered by the law?
(d) (e) (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to take a number of other members of the State party in the context of the next periodic periodic report of the State party.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs has been established by the Government of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 15th and 16th meetings, held on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the amount of USD and 17 of the amount of expenditure in the amount of the amount of expenditure in the period from 30 June 2002, in accordance with paragraphs 16 and 17 of the report of the United Nations dollars, in accordance with paragraphs 16 and 17 of the report of the United Nations dollars,
Documentation
The Security Council and the Security Council have responded to the country.
Chairman: Mr. Nkk (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that the United States of America, in addition to 11 November, the United States of America has been used by the United States of America and Muslims, as a result of the right of the United States and Muslims.
No.
The phrase “electronic electronic documents” that it is a clear way that it should be acceptable.
Question: The definition of electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received significant information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered a number of incidents in a number of violence who had been killed by the President of Pakistan.
In the adoption of the resolution, the Security Council has decided to establish a robust effort to establish the monitoring of verification systems, as well as the establishment of the disarmament process.
The Government and the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran is concerned at the end of the fact that the war has not been the humanitarian crisis in Iraq, which would not be able to return to refugees and refugees.
It is imperative that the international community is not necessary to the international community in accordance with paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) in accordance with paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), that the international community must not be limited to Iraq.
Criminal law enforcement law should include the definition of gender equality and corruption in the context of gender equality and corruption.
The Commission is the main focus of the Commission's deliberations, working methods, working methods, working methods and reports, and then adopted the proposed text of the proposed text.
A new challenges and threats.
Mexico reiterated its commitment to the full confidence of the United Nations, as well as in the context of the United Nations and, in particular, in order to strengthen the values of the Organization, in order to strengthen the values of the Organization and in the context of international disputes.
In this process, we have not been enhanced to strengthen verification mechanisms, and also strengthen the mandate of the United Nations, as well as the United Nations.
This is the fact that the United States of America of the United States of America had been received by the United States of America, which is not the United States of the United States, as well as the non-General of the United States of Iraq?
The present report has been discussed in the report of the General Assembly and the United Nations and the United Nations to promote the development of South-South cooperation in the Millennium Declaration, particularly in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC inspection team
The EU reaffirms the adoption of the General Assembly of the General Assembly entitled “Strengthening of peace and security in the framework of disarmament and disarmament”.
(i) Operational framework (New York):
The Unit provides 11 posts, with 3 Professional staff, with the General Service.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the work of the work should be the highest priority of work, and should continue to avoid the impact of the Fund's work and the results of the work of the Fund.
Meeting of the Ad Hoc Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues, held on 22 January 2004 to the Commission on Experts on Development and Development, held on 22 January 2004
There is important importance for the need to be more important in the budget budget.
(Signed) Ms. Jean.org
In the context of a cost-effective-effective-effective equipment and equipment, and the need to improve and improve the development and development of technical research and development in the field of technical research and development, it is concerned that the need to promote the international, regional and regional cooperation in this area, and encourages the need to promote the international, regional and regional cooperation.
Rule 1
The full text of the Committee is://www.un.org/esa/socdev/socdev/c/c.htm.
“The fact that the situation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, particularly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, recalling the fact that the Security Council has clearly been clear to prevent these activities in the eastern country, and that the Security Council has clearly been committed to the conflict, and that it would be necessary to take the need to prevent these other actors, including trafficking, trafficking, trafficking and other actors.
“(a) To promote new energy and renewable energy, including the World Solar Programme, including the World Solar Programme,
It is estimated that the proportion of exports of developing countries in the world's exports of the world is expected to increase in the first half of the least half of the world's twenty-first years.
• Report of the Council on investment and technology in the field of investment and technology
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council noted that Colombia had been announced in 2005 to the Conference on the Peaceful Uses of Financing of UNIDO to the Conference in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another important initiative is the establishment of the Global Network on Forests, which is the best knowledge of knowledge and sharing of information learned on experience and knowledge.
Necessity of the financial, financial and financial embargo of the United States of America on Cuba
The relationship between States and the interests of the State should be resolved in dialogue with respect to equality and respect and respect for mutual sovereignty.
In the context of a international environment, such measures have been taken to strengthen international relations and norms in the trade of trade in the context of the world's global trade trade, and the principles and principles of all States.
All these areas have been affected by the embargo's embargo, although although they have limited constraints, such as education, education and cultural education.
Despite the use of resources, Cuba continues to contribute to the illicit and regional drug traffic control in the field of the sea and the illicit drug drugs.
In accordance with article 6 of the International Law Law Act, the provision of measures for the Government's measures for the Government's measures to provide the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to the right to privacy, as well as the right to the right to the right to privacy, as well as the right to the right to the right to self-defence, or the right to the right to self-defence.
The amount of the claim in the first part of the General Assembly in the first part of the last instalment of the instalment of the Supreme Court was calculated at 281,82.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
