Let me stress that we will continue to work in cooperation with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Chairman referred to the report of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and meetings of the Convention.
Thailand
In paragraph 6 of the paragraph, the Committee requested the Sub-Commission to consider that any State, in particular in the colonial and other absence of human rights and fundamental freedoms, have consistently violated human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission decided to continue its consideration of the question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include the use of a detailed land coverage in the MISM database and the collection of data collected by the network in the dynamic map.
The joint co-sponsors of the system is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (WMO).
The study of seven medical programmes that have been covered by approximately 600 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programme had established HIV/AIDS management programmes, but only more than 3 per cent of the beneficiaries used.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize the mental illness of the Kingdom.
In the case of the suspects, no evidence of the arrest of a person who is not guilty, such as the defence of the accused to the senior police officer, must be followed by a thorough review.
Since July 1999, he had repeatedly participated in the law of the law.
The written copy of this opinion will be transmitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group is the final conclusion of the final nature of the principle of the other principles of the State party's consideration of the provisions of the Committee's consideration.
The Arab Ministers emphasized the key role of the United Nations in the political process in Iraq and the Organization's need to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and regional actors to cooperate with the Security Council under the auspices of the Security Council.
We are particularly concerned about the issue of health awareness among individuals, particularly armed forces.
China welcomes the fact that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has taken a series of positive measures in the context of the Council's resolutions on the prevention of peacekeepers in the Council's relevant resolutions, as well as the establishment of a series of positive measures for the conduct of peacekeepers.
During the regular session of 2003, the Committee received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America to the United States Government's claim in the United States's claim of the question of the rule of procedure in the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session.
In such cases, the appropriate measures should be taken to ensure the protection of their interests as appropriate.
Hong Kong, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was expressed that, in view of the universal practice of the creditor, a large number of representatives of the creditor would not be inappropriate to determine the status of the number of creditors in the number of creditors.
The Staff College also further use information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of employees of the College were 37 per cent.
IMO publication 40
Office of the Office
The report clearly shows that the University is in the area of strengthening cooperation with other United Nations organizations and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed that the provisions of the provisions of article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention does not affect the actions taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of States parties, which were speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and their member States, one of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the Chairman of the two subsidiary bodies, limited members of the members of the functional members and the continued efforts of the Secretariat to promote the participation of observers in the intersessional meetings.
In the Trial Chamber's Trial Chamber, on 2 November 2001, Mirošččččččččkaka, M.R. R. R.jjjjćć, M.M. M. K. K. K. K. K. K. K. K. K.K.
Mr. President, my delegation is very pleased to congratulate you on the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
Member States of the Inter-American Organizations
Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of compensation was paid to the claimant's work in the work of the claimant: compensation in the amount of USD No. 76/908 of the amount of USD 26/49/49 and 28/49/499 and 28/49/499 and 28/49/499, USD 17/49/498 and 28/49/498 and A/49/498, A/49/498, A/49/498 and A/49/492, para.
Annex I
Mr. Rehh (Switzerland): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for the month of this month and wish you.
Mr. Chosakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to address the inherent deficiencies of the Tribunal's existing courts, the first time in the 1970s and the 1980s in the early period of the twentieth half of the Convention on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice has been established in the context of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Genocide.
While we believe that the compromise of compromise should not be linked to an important international treaty in the Rome Statute, we still believe that members of the Council must act in the spirit of compromise and understanding, and to seek a positive work on the spirit of compromise and understanding.
The General Assembly, at its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, adopted resolution 57/63 of 22 November 2002, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation”, and the international community strongly supports multilateralism.
There is a immediate need for the immediate use of a FMCT on FMCT, which will be addressed by various multilateral instruments, I would like to see some of the documents.
Even though United Nations agencies and other aid providers are required to pay cost costs, the cost of rental vehicles and premises would be a major source of income in Somalia.
All attempts to manage the management of Somalia in Somalia has led to substantial funding into the private sector of the various factions, which had resulted in a number of years in the past 10 years, with a view to some of the people's population and to complement them.
Paragraph 4: “The purpose of the purpose of which is intended to assist or assist or assist a act of a act or to facilitate, facilitate or carry out the penalties under specific provisions.
At the same time, international cooperation on the actions of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Working Group on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the implementation of the World Programme of Action on Disabled Persons: the Open-ended Informal consultations on the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003 and 815 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the surrounding areas in the north of the Litah River area and then circled over the vicinity of Beit Hanoun, then violating Lebanese airspace.
- The adoption of the referendum through a referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* The University of Myanmar and the University of Myanmar did not grant this doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Role of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, in recent years, the coverage and implementation of this Convention is still complete, and it is not sufficient to adequately respond to the growing peacekeeping operations.
In the light of the draft resolution, the tariff rates of developing countries are still in negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism and terrorism
(in thousands of States in Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
The unemployment rate in the age of the age of 20 and 20 years is highest.
Samoa's geography and its good communications and transport systems are easily accessible to the services.
In addition, health-care institutions should focus on the concept of “Health” and actively promoted the health of health as a means of a property.
Another important aspect of the participation of women is women entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend in marriage has been changing, and the age of women's age is less late, and the 1992 years of age, in 1993 and 19 years, are the same period.
C. V. B. B. S. Nutrition and Nutrition, Young Youth Youth, DYY
My delegation reiterates its conviction that any decision of the Provisional Institutions must strictly comply with the provisions of the resolutions and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the road map in the process of the transfer process will help to identify the standards, which is not a sine quaable for the status of the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that additional measures in paragraph 21 should help to assist and improve the situation.
The rate of high-level rates may reduce the impact of a large location.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to continue the Division to continue to provide the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continue to work in all its aspects of the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, particularly in the areas of the United Nations information paper on the question of Palestine's issues, and to develop a annual training programme on all aspects of the question of Palestine's rights in all regions of the United Nations, particularly in the light of a wide range of publications and information.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States of America launched the south-east of the South-South Al-Sharif to the south-east of the south of South Korea, which had been re-evaluated in the United States of the United States on 8 June.
Reaffirming that the obligation to promote respect of the Charter of the United Nations and other international law and rules of international law are the fundamental principles and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done in the region of the Mediterranean region to accede to the multilateral instruments of disarmament and non-proliferation in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby to strengthen the necessary conditions for peace and cooperation in the region;
The assessment of drought assessments in the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they have limited restrictions on the most appropriate indicators.
In the light of the vulnerability of drought in the form of a national or regional region, we have preferred the second-stage approach, but the need for careful research.
Question of the United Nations
List of members
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment, and should ensure that all development goals are essential.
For example, the transit container in the Central Asian region may be found in the transit port of transit vessels, and then in order to ensure that there are no prohibited goods in order to ensure the smuggling of commodities.
The second is to consider whether individual individuals are directly invoked (e.g. the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5 and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The prohibition of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the work of the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or in the form or language of the person.
Salary
Abstract prepared by Mr. Stefan Köl
Case 4755: MAL 34 - Germany: the Berlin Court of the Democratic Republic of the Congo; 14 Sch-19 (Argentina)
In two cases, however, such a view is to be voluntary; this is not the definition of this topic (which is not outside its scope) and that it applies to the scope of the topic.
Recognizing also that, based on national and regional specificities and different background, the world has different different political systems and free elections in the world,
It was stated that, while agreed, the contract had been agreed, but no time has not been extended.
With respect to interest, the Panel referred to paragraphs 19 and 20 of the report.
The amount of payment of the two contracts in the SSPL has been similar, with a portion of the bank's payment, the remaining of the remaining United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Ms. To did not provide sufficient evidence to demonstrate the value of property or ownership of property, property and property in Iraq until 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The individual employment contract provides that the buyer's ability to pay the travel of Kuwait from the end of the employment period, which has been paid to the return of Kuwaiti States, and that each employee has been able to return to air tickets.
The attack of heroin is still in full functioning.
Secondly, in Afghanistan, the promotion of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking must also be addressed in the region.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results showed that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in all areas of everyday life.
The recent number of missions deployed in Bunia were held from 28 to 30 January 2003; MONUC dispatched to the Office of the Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights, including a number of serious violations of human rights, including rape, extrajudicial executions, looting and looting.
1 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been requested to respond to the rapid repatriation mechanism, which is a joint joint project for the assistance of the UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme for the rehabilitation of refugees.
The Government of Albania commended the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States are seeking to attract foreign investment because the investment can benefit from the benefits of the economy.
The programme of education will be received to increase the level of the number of students, especially women's teachers and the informal opportunities for informal education.
58.7 The improvement of institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms will enable the institutional system to play the greatest role, improving quality and cost-effectiveness.
Support of food support in special hardship
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1: Programme budget implications for the future and future generations of mankind (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
In the event of the cluster, the identification of ex-combatants will be identified and verified.
• It is important to use the comparative advantage of the wide range of intergovernmental bodies to enable them to achieve common objectives in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as the adoption of a comprehensive committee of the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The South-South delegation agreed to continue the President of the Kimberley Process in the first year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Agriculture has worked on women's work in order to give them to the full rights of Bahrain No. 55-0197.
(a) Strengthen information exchange, particularly information on the activities of terrorists, terrorist organizations and other necessary information;
Also concerned about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular in the context of drug organized crime, including money laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any case, the issue may be considered at the thirty-sixth session of the Commission at its thirty-sixth session from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
The Committee is concerned, however, that it is not important for all the principals, teachers and parents, particularly in rural areas, in particular in rural areas, and that the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the evaluation.
Children with disabilities
In close cooperation with the ILO Convention on the Elimination of Child Labour, it is essential to ensure the implementation and strengthening of all national and international legal law; strengthening efforts to reduce the number of children working in formal and informal sectors, and special attention to the work of the ILO Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (No. 138 and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (No. 138) and the abolition of the worst child Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Committee recommends that the State party be fully incorporated into legislation and practice in accordance with article 3 of the Convention, including the law and practice of children.
(b) Providing special assistance for children with a single family;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Act on Marriage and Family Law ( 1998, 1998), and the Act has been established and disseminated to promote the concept of shelters as a result of the number of children.
The majority of the replies responded to a number of respondents ( 104 per cent) reported that persons with disabilities are sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is also clear that the fact that this is not to be assisted in this process, but that it is not only “no” for the other words in this process.
The Government of Luxembourg is convinced that the foundation of the noble mandate of the peace of peace must be broad and complex security concepts.
These factors are accompanied by the increase in new water and transport requirements, which is one of the reasons for the transport and the use of greenhouse gas-based emissions.
Figure 7 Emissions trends in the sector, the 1990-2000
The Parties reported the need for policies and measures in all sectors.
In adepth review of the national communications communications to Annex I Parties (as at 31 March 2003, it shows that the work of the International Mechanism for the Coordination of Climate Change and its role in the implementation of the current Model Mechanism are in progress in progress.
Norway has indicated that a long-term increase could be increased and reduced from 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States indicated that they provide data on the national and international research industry.
It is generally recognized that data quality is acceptable.
Details of the use of the use of the use of the Parties is reproduced in section VI.
Despite the increasing increase in technical assistance, the requirements of the United Nations military elections has been reduced.
Particular attention should be given to the issue of legal issues, logistics and how to choose the electoral system.
The mission will be critical to the political progress made by the Congolese parties and the region of the region, in which it is important for the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is why I have the first meeting to inform the Council to address the critical issue of the protection of civilians in conflict situations.
Indeed, he is committed to all its aspects of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that it is a pressing issue of concern.
Mr. Gangz (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I should like to express my appreciation to you, Sir, on behalf of the delegations, to see you in this meeting.
The European Union is deeply appreciative of the commitment of the Security Council and fully endorses the commitment of the Security Council to the protection of civilians and to establish a regular dialogue on the agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, despite the ultimate need to address these problems, it is now necessary that the immediate deployment and confidence of the international security forces of Afghanistan will be required, and that the Bonn Process will be able to build the Bonn process.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is a result of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will of the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw my attention to the recent events and ongoing work of the Monitoring Team, which will understand the real situation of the current countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his team on the work of the delegation of Chile, and expresses its appreciation to the Monitoring and Secretariat secretariat to improve the key United Nations instruments in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the recent steps taken by the Security Council and the Council to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, addressing humanitarian issues, and to address transparency and appropriate-sensitive points.
A separate proposal was therefore proposed.
I would like to refer to the informal meetings of the open-ended informal meeting on the production of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which is part of the Netherlands's efforts to cut a FMCT.
Languages of the United Nations Development Programme/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that this is not incompatible with international law and Germany, and we regret that we cannot do so.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the West African Economic Community to promote the peace process in the peace process, and we actively evaluate the decisions of the Secretary-General's summit, and we call on the international community to assist the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the eastern peacekeeping forces.
• The statistical programme for Price Statistics provides that the three outputs were used;
(a) Legal, regulatory and other authorized provisions to provide individual data; and
In the past five years, the survey confirmed that its statistical sector had been involved in international cooperation in the past five years, and that its statistical sector is only a member of the country's statistical sector, which was not only of the international cooperation in international cooperation, and that 29 per cent of them had been involved as donors and recipients.
He called for India, Israel and Pakistan to contribute to universalization, as a non-nuclear-weapon States to accede to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makm
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention against the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime (A/57/177)
c The African Group of African Africa has faced the transport problem, which is a case for the rate of freight expenditures in Africa.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance to developing countries in the field of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided to adopt the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Ms. Morana (San Marino): We have the honour to participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: On behalf of the representative, the representative wishes to explain the vote just adopted by the Security Council in explanation of vote.
It is so out in decision 58/54.
KFOR has also tried to combat the illegal transboundary incident, detained by 28 persons, which were arrested by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The movement of freedom of movement in the area of the Temporary Zone in the area of the Temporary Zone continues to be limited.
However, the case of contemporary international claims proved that certain organizations have recognized the legal qualifications of the members of the group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has seriously affected its implementation, since it is not only half of the United Nations Office's report (A/58/133, para. 63 of the report of the Refugee Commissioner, which will only maintain a half of the resources required in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be disseminated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be sentenced to 18 persons in accordance with article 28 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 38 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or his representative may take oral or written statements at the meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
In favour of votes and voting
If the Committee or the pre-session working group have considered information in the report of the State party, the information contained in the report may require the State party to provide additional information, as well as to identify the time for submission of information.
Meetings and attendance 18
Establishment of a working group and designated Special Rapporteur to the Special Rapporteur
Rule 45
Procedure of admissibility
Elections to the temporary period
The leaders of the military leaders do not involve those combatants to combat their operations in the area.
The three individuals have been killed in San José, which is killed by the death penalty.
The review should continue to be conducted in a timely and timely manner, which should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be included in other areas of service.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction may be designated by the Register of the Register, and the transaction records of transactions in the transaction are not available.
However, in the absence of the availability of these translation services in the local markets, the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost is not feasible.
2002 (Amendment)
Education materials for “equality” are set out in the publication of teaching materials for primary school teachers and published in 1994.
A special initiative for the implementation of the World Programme for Children's Poverty in 2001 (IDAI).
The Act is a comprehensive approach to address all aspects of employment, including employment opportunities, employment, employment, promotion and vocational training.
Therefore, the current age right to the total leave of 18 weeks and optional leave to 10 weeks (not paid to pay).
The table below sets out the number of estimates for the capital and personnel of capital and personnel and the estimated number of children for children.
The Ministry also provides that such services would be provided through the establishment of a non-confidential service provider in order to reduce the opportunities of the citizens of women in civil society, such services and the need for the people to recognize their own violence and to act against violence.
(b) To implement maternity leave or equal social benefits, without loss of loss, vocational and social allowances;
Article 8
If the list of this list will be updated, it will be updated to provide a central body for the border control.
However, the prospects of 2003 will remain the impact of the current global economy.
Despite the fact that the education and health levels of the population is a good goal, it is very much that the positive impact of the country's overall development is very much.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the implementation of Agenda 21 of Agenda 21 — which will be a direct response to the implementation of the United Nations Environment Programme for Environment and Development, which will contribute to the progress achieved by the international community in a number of environmental objectives.
ESCAP is at the annual session of the Regional Working Group on Science and Technology for Space Science and Technology in the region.
In accordance with Variant B, the “information message” contains a electronic signature of electronic signatures and that it would be required to meet the appeal.
As soon as later, WHO has developed data collection data in the national health survey.
According to the information received by the Commission, the savings of some overexpenditures and expenditure savings, including the purchase of prefabricated facilities, the alteration, refurbishment and construction of a total amount of $29,295,900 dollars, which resulted in the amount of USD $22,400, for the construction, refurbishment and construction of a total amount of $22,400, and the amount of USD $22,700 in public supplies.
The role of microcredit in the role of microcredit as a alternative credit approach.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chambers will be expected to work in the biennium to cover 12 trials, six trials, six pre-trial procedures, six appeals proceedings and the final appeal of the Trial Chamber to the Trial Chamber, and all all of those work.
In addition to the great concern of concern in the conflict, despite the successful intentions of the Millennium Summit and adopted by the Millennium Summit, the international community has not yet been ambitious to address two major issues.
Mr. Ooza (Uganda) (spoke in French): We have the honour for this year in this year, and the determination to determine the new life of our organizations.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concern on our well-being.
Human resources management
In accordance with the criteria set forth in certain prior years, it is important to ensure more effective monitoring of human rights policies, guidelines and practice.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and preparedness mechanisms, including humanitarian emergencies, in order to identify all human rights violations of the population of mass exoduses, taking into account all human rights violations;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been a significant change in the United Nations's international non-governmental organization in the context of the United Nations or other international non-governmental organizations.
The Ministry of Women and Women has been responsible for the administrative responsibilities of the “ Vulnerable development programme”.
Various studies have been conducted on gender-sensitive information and the media media.
Report of the Committee on Human Rights
These specific gender issues were taken into account in the formulation of health and health programmes.
Education is now crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 117 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
Meetings of the African Conference
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that the two major measures to reduce tax preferences are now eliminated by the Committee's previous concluding observations, as well as the Committee's concluding observations.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that the establishment of a Stabilization and Stabilization Agreement in the European Union was signed in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to bring public awareness of the public awareness of discrimination against discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, the majority of Afro-descendants and other ethnic minorities in Latin America and the African countries are still subjected to discrimination.
The State party should provide detailed information on the rights of indigenous peoples in their next periodic report and to compensate detailed information on the use of indigenous peoples in the form of traditional land.
The Committee emphasizes that the State party is obliged to provide assistance to “expulsion of the person” and recommended that the State party intensify its efforts to pay compensation and resettlement for affected families.
In order to increase the work of these institutions, the Committee requests the State party to consider the situation of racial discrimination in its next periodic report.
The Committee encourages the State party to consider legal law to make more clearly defined the scope of the concept.
Despite the repeated requirements of the Committee, Papua New Guinea has not yet fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and not submitted to the Committee on the basis of the submission of the report.
In view of the lack of statistics on the national composition of the Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide a statistical estimate in the report of the report, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines, and to draw the attention of the State party to the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's report would supply the public use of the public use, and the Committee's views on these reports should also be open.
Addendum
She would be grateful to the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on this statement.
Requests the Parties to the Convention to publish the list of data submitted by States Parties in Annex I to the Convention and to publish data on the list of national inventory reports and reports of the CRF, and to the Secretariat;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, particularly in the context of the Doha's second-year vision of science in Malaysia, showed that this is a key area of areas based on knowledge based on knowledge.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and to express the views of the Permanent Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Kinshasa.
(d) To take into account the necessary vigilance of any national space vehicle project project, to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction systems, taking into account such programmes to use ballistic missiles;
This approach is likely to lead to a strong spirit of solidarity, will ultimately be the international community of the international community.
In respect of non-post expenditure, funds are provided for the travel and travel of the Ombudsman; the Office of Communications, the Office of the Office of Management and the Office of Internal Oversight Services operating the general operating expenses of the Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendation at its 11th and 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
In accordance with the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 (XVIII) of 17 August 1965, the General Assembly will be more than 10 to 10 members of non-permanent members of the Security Council.
Mr. Yozaki (Japan) will fill the term of office for the period of 30 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and General Assembly resolution 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the General Assembly decided to consider this issue in the year years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role in the work of the United Nations system and agencies within its competence, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Sustainable Development Commission.
The Task Force and the Global Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanisms of the Strategy and has been integrated in consolidating the consolidation of mutually reinforcing functions.
The Ministry of Women's Planning Association is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which was established in 1962, which was the largest of the village of Kenya's family planning.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of your Government to identify and investigate the relevant financial networks associated with Usama bin Laden, Al-Qa-Qa-Qa`idah or Taliban, or those who are individuals, groups, enterprises or entities who have been involved in your jurisdiction or to those individuals.
The meeting was chaired by GIGG (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors in the United Nations must also be required to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in Africa and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of the country had indicated that national policies have access to access to access to access to services, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of HIV infection in HIV infection was reduced by 20 per cent in 2010 to 50 per cent in 2010, and 80 per cent of pregnant women receive prenatal care and to reduce the risk of transmission of mother-to-child transmission.
It is important to develop effective responses to a long-term basis, and to develop and maintain institutional capacities.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system showed that the following new features of the evaluation of lessons learned at the national level is the following:
These workshops and meetings were held in meeting of the Commission and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In the light of this important expansion of this important expansion and recognition of WMO's responsibilities, WMO agreed to share the scientific programme programme for WMO.
It is proposed that the new strategy promote the availability and availability of data, so that the system and programmes can develop the global environmental environment to address the global environment.
As indicated in the Secretary-General's report, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in Timor-Leste.
The institutions and sectors are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO).
(b) (ii) Any period of any activity in the contract of the carriage of the carriage of carriage in the contract of carriage of the carriage of carriage of carriage, provided the loss, damage or delay of such activities.
The second option was selected, and the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, para. (c) (i) should be deleted, and that the controlling party may be a unilateral nature of the carrier, rather than the provisions of the contract of carriage, since the latter would require a common agreement between parties parties.
OIOS also found that it had not been able to establish or replace the succession of the staff management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to establish and analyse the procedures used in such countries.
I would like to point out points.
UNIDO should focus on the development of the social responsibility of the developing countries to improve the production and sale of productive and sales projects; it should assist in the development of a clear and realistic approach to developing countries in developing developing countries, and to promote training and tools for SMEs.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be made to the date of the record of the record or the date of the session at the time of the session, whichever is at the time of the time.
In the absence of the documents not available, it is suggested that the estimate and issuance of the receipt of the documents are estimated.
In order to create employment and efforts to implement the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action, ILO implement international programmes to assist in the implementation of the action plan for women's employment in the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Airport
He regretted that this meeting did not have a agreement on agricultural tariff and agricultural subsidies, and that this resolution would be a source of $50 million from poverty and rich countries, and to help the world's population in the world, which would help the world's population in poverty.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation in order to maximize the confidence of the international community to increase investments in development projects and projects.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination is being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the focus on the role of the Caribbean Department was to implement the revised Model Law No. 9777 of 8 August 1997, and the establishment and approval of strategic action plans, including the establishment of a joint network of national forestry officials, to improve the management and protection of marine heritage and conservation of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests all relevant agencies, including the national community, in their mandate and work, to take due consideration of the report of the Declaration and the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to address the report of the Special Representative of the United Nations, including the relevant relevant bodies of the United Nations, including at the national level;
At the same time, she also welcomed the joint statement made by the Minister of Ministers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-sixth session and the international efforts to implement the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Strategy on Drug Reduction.
She particularly emphasized the measures made by ministers on the implementation of national drug control strategies to reduce drug abuse in 2008.
The complaint
She took note of the fact that 44 per cent of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Technical Cooperation in ICAO had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace of accelerating the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification should be made to further clarification in the report on the final performance report, which is required.
The delegation of the United States wishes to look forward to the technical analysis of this proposal, and hoped that the Advisory Committee had endorsed recommendations.
(b) The integration of users of users in the design and implementation of the plan of implementation of the system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; the Legal Subcommittee, as well as the Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged the developed countries to increase the proportion of gross national product for ODA, mitigate the debt burden of developing countries and to developing countries in developing countries to participate in international economic and social, economic and social development and reducing the gap between the developed and developed countries.
In order to enhance the best cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened, and the relationship between the members of the United Nations General Assembly in the United Nations General Assembly will contribute to the achievement of the efforts of the two sides to enhance the capacity of both sides to secure security in peace and security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
Their authorities are also concerned at the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict, with a view to reaching the Protocol.
The Controller has just reminded the Commission's attention to a comprehensive written written clarification of the various informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, despite the fact that the report contains a wide range of information on the legal provisions of the legal provisions of the State party, it lacks information on the implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and replies are contained in document ST/C/75/7.
In accordance with rule 11 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee urges States parties to fully investigate the facts on 15 April 1995, and to prosecute and punish the death penalty, including the right to adequate and adequate reparation, including a fair and adequate compensation of the complainant at 90 days, and the Committee's steps to implement the above observations.
The right of his right to the right of his right was severely injured by his right to the right of torture in his brother.
11.11 The report of the International Human Rights Commission (see para. 28) of 3 July 2001, the State party stated that the report had been beginning, and that the report would be judged by the fact that the complainant would not be able to conduct the risk of the time that the complainant would not be able to take place.
7.2 The Committee's consideration of the question is that the State party is obliged to repatriate the Sudan to the Sudan, which violates the obligations under article 3 of the Convention, namely that it is not a case of believing that the expulsion or repatriation of the person may be expelled or returned to the country.
The facts submitted by the complainant
3.3 In relation to article 3 of the complainant, the State party submits that the State party's State party is not unable to prove the practice of torture in the absence of the existence of torture.
The Council took note of the intention of the Contact Group to review substantive contributions to periodic reviews and to the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General on their evaluation.
The Guide explore the relative applicability of the law in the area of law.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in the international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the United States of America held the first anniversary of the terrorist attack on 11 September 2001 and the United States of the United States of America, in New York, to be held in New York, with the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea in a serious threat to international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the only secured creditor secured creditor could be able to preserve their own right to protect the encumbered assets in the right to exercise its security right.
A alternative or supplementary approach is to identify the requirement that the secured creditor may be transferred to the secured creditor in the form of the transfer of the proceeds and to avoid the situation of the third party.
In the light of the detailed extent of the relationship between the public records of the parties, the registration system has strengthened the relationship between the United Nations and the secured creditor.
However, in order to transfer the legitimate control of the secured creditor's obligations to the third party, it may also be possible to retain the right to be given to the right of the person.
The consultant is working with the drafting of the drafting guidance in the guidance and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the urgent need for the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna in Vienna in Vienna, as well as the elimination of human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural areas and remote communities, women's women, women, women, women and women in armed conflict, are often particularly vulnerable to violence, especially women, women, widows and armed conflict, and other women are subjected to discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceded to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Protocols to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children,
States should be committed to the establishment of a common environment for cooperation, mutual trust and guarantee universal security of all members of the international community, thereby to eliminate, develop, develop and retain nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, environmental and development programmes are used to cover the indicators of achievement rather than the indicators of achievement.
24 Oceania: 23 October 2002, 23 October 2002 and the Economist Intelligence Service, G.S., 18 December 2002.
The information provided in Iraq is not a thorough review of the information provided during the present report.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between the peaceful and non-State countries is reflected in the principles of the international community, reflecting the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and China hoped that the Government of Argentina and the United Kingdom continue to address the issue of peace in the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Please give this response to the United Nations document on the use of projects under item 11 (a) of agenda item 11 (a).
The estimated cost of the replacement of additional computer data was included in the estimates of 2003.44.
The first session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the Conference of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol at the first session of the Conference of the Parties
The status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
He noted that these attempts to diversify their export diversification into their exports and/or services to reduce their poverty levels, indicating the link between poverty levels and their ability to diversify productive structures and stressed the importance of a country's export structure to development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
While some progress had been made in the last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the issue of concern, and it has already been implemented in that regard.
In 2003, more than 300 million people have died in HIV/AIDS, estimated more than 500 million people living with human immunodeficiency virus virus (HIV) and a number of people around the world.
While the initial HIV/AIDS pandemic is considered as a health problem, it is increasingly recognized that it was increasingly recognized in a development, security and human rights.
This collaboration has facilitated information and knowledge to recognize the risk of the risk of women's vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
Working Group on the Liability of Liability of Damage against injurious consequences of injurious consequences
International doctrine: difficulties in the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited to a effective and credible judicial system.
In January 2003, the events of the Security East and police forces in Timor-Leste have made enormous burden to the fact that there is a violation of laws in the proceedings and constitute human rights violations.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the overall strategy of the United Nations system on the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the integrated framework of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the joint framework for development and development of the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime: budget for the biennium 2002-2003
Table 11 provides a decrease in the budget of the Advisory Committee's recommendations on the basis of the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post expenditure (including the recommendations of the Committee on the basis of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the basis of the recommendation of the Board's recommendations, as well as on the cost of the costs of equipment and equipment.
10.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the provision of arrangements for the implementation of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 has been reviewed in the context of the proposed programme budget for the current United Nations, and to streamline these arrangements, as appropriate, to improve the efficiency of all activities, and to increase the efficiency of staff and other services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, in the context of reducing the reduction of information technology resources, the amount of information technology resources in 2002 amounted to $48,600 (excluding recosting) in order to increase the resources of $112,800 (see paras.
At its consideration of the Committee's consideration, the Committee was aware of the proactive recommendations of the ECE secretariat and to discuss meetings and publications programmes in ECE.
Article 24 Human rights
The growth growth includes a decrease of $2.2 million (for recosting).
In March 2003, the Ministry of Human Rights had established a independent human rights component and replaced the human rights component of the Ministry of Justice.
It reported that the HIV/AIDS prevention plan and the national community's civil society coordination in the country's national AIDS prevention and control plan.
2000/8 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, in accordance with the terrorist acts committed in Costa Rica, or whether such acts are not true, the Penal Code establishes the law of terrorist groups or international organizations in accordance with articles 27 and 37 of the Penal Code.
In this regard, the Act has been amended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code.
For the purposes of the Foundation, its legal status was established in accordance with article 533 of 28 August 1973 and the foundations of the Foundation to ensure that the appropriate legal personality of the Foundation is the appropriate legal status of the Foundation, such as the deployment of a fixed asset, and to facilitate the use of a fixed asset, such as education, cultural, cultural, cultural activities and all promoting social welfare.
The Committee urges the State party to intensify its efforts to provide greater support to small-parent families.
At the same time, on the agreement reached by the Chief of Staff of the United Nations Chief Mission in Pretoria in March 2003, the presence of Congolese armed forces in Kinshasa will be deployed in the camps, as well as the monitoring of military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of 23 Member States:
Review of work
In this regard, the Special Committee noted that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 was included in the programme of work of the Special Committee for the period 2004-2005 for 2003 and does not preclude the decision of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many of the Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and a substantial progress in self-government.
It was pointed out that some regional economic situation had increased from the cultivation of coca cultivation in coca cultivation, while in order to address drug control efforts to address the sub-border areas of the sub-narcotics areas.
At its same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7/2003/L.10, entitled “Enhancing the use of the new features of the new characteristics of the new characteristics and materials of drugs and the use of material on the use of materials, including the European Union of Europe, Egypt, Switzerland, Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of substances;
S. N. N. Nauu, Fiji
• Access to all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. progress on progress in the implementation of the report of the United Nations system, the Government of the Government and the United Nations system) and to allow them to take measures to provide a sound forensic analysis in the field of or other local (e.g. or other places).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2002, Ad Lanka's Matoooo, Thomas O. O. Yuuuuu et al. v. the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003).
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Commissioner of Zambia decided to leave his detention.
3.2 The author also argues that article 14, paragraph 3 of the Covenant were violated, since the criminal proceedings continued to be more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the fact that the author's son's son's son and the State party had received the exact time for submission of the communication.
7.2 With respect to the admissibility of the author, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and grand Island, the Committee considered a precedent on the basis that the parties must be able to provide a clear justification in the absence of the right to reply.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister appealed to the Minister's decision on 15 February 1999 that the Court of Appeal had ruled the decision of the Court of Appeal in the case of the difficult hardship case, although the fact that there is a fact that the evidence is the case of the evidence, and that it is appropriate to distinguish with a distinction between conflicting factors.
The State party also added that article 7 was clearly clear and the risk of the risk of a return to the return of a new person and the consequences of the nature of their rights were not being violated.
Communication No. 933/2002, Ad Lanka's Matooo, Thomas O. M. T. M. M.R. v. Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Congo)
To this end, you shall not be entitled to grant the pension requirement under this law.”
The military officer in this area, in the area of the period since 1991, was the result of the killing of the attack of a terrorist attack.
Thus, the State party has a means to provide tools and facilities.
4.4 The State party does not recognize the fact that discrimination on the age of the age of the child has been recognized in the case of the author's examination of the author's findings.
The Convention's mandate and consideration of the communication of the Committee is the Committee's body, not not [un. ]
The facts as submitted by the author
Comments by the author on the views of the State party
They noted that the State party had not rejected these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court appealed to the CCC, which was held on 2 August 2001.
In 1989, the trial of all prisoners of detention was built in the six-week centres, but open-week-week personnel were being held, and the Centre is currently detained by the Centre for the Prevention of Prisoners.
Subsequently, he was members of the other members of the organization, which is the case of education in education (article 15 of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Child Act).
8 The author further argues that Norway's legal law on the use of the right to use of rights has been given to the interpretation and practice of the Court, which is under violation of article 26.
Rather, if they have been able to determine the right to adequate housing, the people's interests have been guaranteed through the protection mechanism.
On 4 February 2000, these committees concluded a agreement on the recommendations of their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information on the fact that the Supreme Court did not see the decision of the Supreme Court in 1997, in 1997, the Supreme Court did not have doubts about the decision of the author.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with murder of murder, which was held on 7 February 1997, and he had been detained on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author argues that the receipt of the receipt of the receipt of the receipt of the receipt of the request to the Court was the first day on Friday, 24 June 1994, in order to submit a final day.
17.17 On 2 December 1998, the Supreme Criminal Court found that the author's allegations were committed and sentenced him to six months of imprisonment, which may be sentenced to the complainant's claim to the complainant.
The Tribunal also had no decision on this request, but it is not possible that the State party had a reasonable expectation for the success of this request, since the fact that the presumption of innocence is the responsibility of the Government and the illegal administrative responsibilities of the Government, in the context of the law of the Government, in the case of the Government of 26 January 1973 (No. 77).
In this point, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that the author's intention to do so to do so, as well as a more better consideration of the current location of the family, as they have been used in the life of the family, as well as the use of the illegal drug treatment of the person, which is not a small-scale approach to the use of the physical and dangerous treatment of the person, as well as the fact that the author's re-conulsion is very successful.”
The Committee drew attention to the decision of the Committee on the decision of Jamaica (No. 3030/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994 and the decision of the Minister of Foreign Affairs (Act No. 49/193) of Spain, which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
In the case of the International Court of Commerce and Bulgaria, the International Court of Commerce, Judgment of the International Court, No. 79, No. 79.
The substantive cooperation required for the need for Iraq to comply with its obligations, declaring all weapons of mass destruction programmes, or the destruction of all weapons and activities, or to provide evidence, and that there is no indication of the evidence that no no person or activities have been prohibited.
Our Iraq's invasion of Iraq said that there is no prohibition of the items of the prohibition, but that they should be seen as the evidence of evidence.
A obvious example is that Iraq's three explosive explosive explosive explosive devices indicated that the IAEA's first-year, in Iraq, had already been used to the water plant in Iraq in the first year.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Group on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, the representatives of intergovernmental and major groups of intergovernmental organizations and major groups of major groups may be invited to participate in the decision of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts [E/PV.2] [United Nations dollars] [E/PV]
At present, 60 years in the south and south-east in the south have been seen as a risk of low-risk areas.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts to promote economic and social integration in the economic and social context is the need for the entire individual-specific development.
If the State does not guarantee its survival, these communities can not achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity of the Constitution.
There are also some enterprises that have led to the lack of political and political pressure, or to take into account the cost of the development of human rights in the core sustainable development of human rights, and that it would be able to start the project or not investment.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act, article 18 of the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure also used the use of funds related to terrorism or terrorist organizations without delay.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and statements, the representatives of the Credentials Committee had received the credentials of representatives from 40 countries in accordance with article 24 of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties, including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Croatia, Croatia, Finland, Finland, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uruguay.
United Nations
According to article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act, the foreign and stateless persons may be invited to participate in a non-governmental organization in Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate in the cultural life of the society and to share the enjoyment of scientific progress and their benefits;
According to the Fund's provisions, projects must be given to women's management, and these projects need to be innovative, and other similar enterprises in the field are not a competition.
The first time was opened in June 2001 and the National Management Centre (NBP) and the European Cultural Management Centre (NBP) and the European Culture Centre (CAT).
This is a project in two cities and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic business processes have been identified, which have been identified in 2003 (OECD) and the definition of a partial definition:
We will explore the potential possible for the use of data on the use of data between the electronic commerce and technology censuses.
World Bank
The European Union is particularly concerned at the work of the Committee on consideration.
The President: The Committee will now take action on draft decision A/C.1/59/L.17 contained in document A/C.1/59/L.17 entitled “related disarmament and international security”.
Step 2: Negotiation of fissile material treaties
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group to provide services and assistance to the work of its work.
Consideration of reports 23
There will be no legislative provisions for racist crimes that have been included in the form of racist crimes, and no legislative provisions of the Court should take into account the legislative provisions of the perpetrators.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the implementation of a strategy aimed at improving the rights of Roma children in the education services and to integrate the rights of Roma children in the context of education and education, such as education and education.
The special review of gender equality and gender equality recommended a policy to develop policies on gender equality in the country and recommended a pilot policy for selected projects.
Most of these are the primary treatment of primary treatment or the treatment of patients in hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes corporate trade unions, multi-skilled trade unions, independent practitioners unions and temporary trade unions.
If female workers are pregnant, after pregnancy, their post-natal leave should be extended to the time that the duration of the special health care is to be taken to prevent or treat medical health.
After the beginning of the opening, a number of tasks and actions have been carried out in the programme of telephone-based programmes, and that these mandates and operations have been fully assessed and expanded and improved.
In 2000, Mr. Tackos also introduced the list of the disease.
With support to support and other support and incentives, the number of students enrolled in the health sector in 1998 and 1998 have increased 278,66 per cent, and a increase in more than 10 per cent.
These schools have also benefited from the priorities of the country's programmes.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate and take appropriate measures to facilitate the participation of academic research communities in the Eleventh Congress, in accordance with previous practice, in accordance with previous practice of the United Nations Conference on Non-Governmental Organizations and professional organizations, as well as with professional groups and geographical interest groups,
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the enrolment rate of enrolment rates in school enrolment, the rate and low rate rates.
The United Nations has also commended the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Disarmament and the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields, and we have commended him.
The annual session of the State party was currently being prepared in November.
This strategy is to overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building support in developing countries and least developed countries, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better assess the development policies and objectives of developing countries, as well as other relevant intergovernmental organizations, as well as other relevant intergovernmental organizations, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
The use and risk of sexual sex is early as early as possible.
Most of the border checkpoints can be used through satellite connections.
The parties parties, neighbouring countries and the United Nations have the honour to agree with the provisions of this plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the percentage of primary school enrolment in developing countries was estimated from 0.8.8 per cent in developing countries in the primary school-school school.
This difference is not limited to a minor age, but it is only that the evidence in the present report is only to adults.
In developing countries, the difference between health and behaviour is the fundamental cause of the prevalence of the infant mortality rate.
c Data are available to students (secondary students), excluding the students's student students.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and adoption of the documents of the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, including the documents of the Special Body for Disarmament, Disarmament, Economic and Social Council and related areas in the field of disarmament, decolonization, the provisional agenda and related areas of the General Assembly, including the provisional agenda and decisions of the Secretary-General on the work of the General Assembly, as well as the draft resolutions and decisions of the Secretary-General on the work of the General Assembly, as well as the decisions and decisions of the General Assembly on the work of the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the information and editorial functions of the information and to minimize the delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts violate the adoption of the resolution adopted by the international community, which noted the illegal nature of these acts, and Israel's refusal to withdraw the land.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations for the efforts of the United Nations to reduce the impact of the international community to mitigate the impact of natural disasters in the context of the international community and to give special attention to the needs of developing countries.
The Special Committee on Children's Development is not only a opportunity to review the progress achieved in 1990 and also provides a opportunity for further commitment to the world to become a better ground for children.
This includes the HIV/AIDS pandemic, trafficking in children and children in children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
More than 1.5 million children continue to live in extreme poverty, with more children's access to education; more than 1.5 million children in developing countries have been malnourished; a total of 1.5 million children die in the area of preventable diseases, where they have been able to take place in this context?
The plan of action is comprehensive, including strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation.
The staffing of the Professional level for 2003 is contained in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting to discuss the report of the Mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of experts
Response:
I have received a letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Mongolia, Burkina Faso, Egypt, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Czech Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, in this regard, stressing the importance of strengthening international decision-making on development issues and to enhance the gaps of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to strengthen and more stronger participation of the United Nations system and the economies in transition;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including through taking positive measures to ensure the full realization of the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health,
Decides to consider this question at its sixty-first session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the persistence of discrimination, racism and other forms of discrimination, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination against migrants in different parts of the world, in particular against women and children,
Recommendations
In addition, linkages between mutual linkages are becoming more closely, and the existing transit companies seek to establish a joint relationship with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code provides that the criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan should be effective in accordance with the law of the State of Tajikistan, in accordance with article 14 of the Penal Code, as well as the legal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan, as well as the existence of the illegal law of the Republic of Tajikistan.
Does the international treaties of the State party to the international conventions and protocols in accordance with the relevant conventions and protocols of the State are not extraditable offences?
20.20 The executive direction and management of the Executive Director is the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed work of the work of the organization (A/AC.265/L.2);
(Signed) And Arias Arias Ambassador Permanent Representative
The investment requirements may include special and specific assets, resulting costs and expanded transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
Slovenia's legislation are responsible for all organs of all States, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence sector and private security companies to combat kidnapping.
The Member States called upon all parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and the third-party verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As the financial oversight function of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Finance Division are overlap, it is also possible to increase a greater approach to the harmonization of financial responsibilities in two sectors.
In view of the fact that the family's power is not a source of information, it is important that the statistics of the family in the family should be used as a result of the availability of information on the use of space use.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the differences of views is a objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is also true that, in these cases, I can note that any decision of the Iraqi people should be in a acceptable manner as a form of democracy, through a democratic approach.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that, even if the recent measures taken by the 1990s, they may be able to meet the Kyoto objectives.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue are a common understanding of the human rights and affirms the important benefits of international cooperation and cooperation in the area of development and development;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that it should be necessary to review the responsibilities and circumstances of non-State actors.
However, some delegations expressed the view that the perpetrators of the perpetrators should be allowed to identify the perpetrators of the truth.
In comparison, 16 countries have made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work in order to allow this day to achieve the full political will of the current and other multilateral frameworks of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, particularly in the capital of the world, and the full political will of the country.
Secondly, extensive coverage of the media reported the fact that the report of the Monitoring Team contains a disturbing fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As a result of the discussion of the item, the next project will be followed immediately after the time frame.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and venue;
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be open, but the President finds that the President of the President may be subject to the exception of a private meeting.
It is clear that there can be no genuine peace in the Middle East without regard to the relationship between Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
Development and achievements will depend on positive development and international community participation in the overall security situation.
Mr. Sainov (Bulgaria): I wish to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, and we have the opportunity to hear a excellent briefing on behalf of Ambassador, Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) To use the use of existing forensic surveys to improve treatment programmes, a careful assessment, effective-based management and full follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to provide audit opinion on the financial statements.
The plan covers the insurance insurance, UNHCR's contributions and income income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for contingent-owned equipment systems, taking into account the evolution of the workload of the Mission, taking into account the recommendations of the Department of Auditors.
(The General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, amounted to the total amount of USD 18,866,866,676,000, for the balance of the unencumbered balance for the period ended 30 June 2001 and the total balance of USD 12,848,000 and other income and other income.
In order to commemorate the International Day against Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women has organized a national working meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the efforts of the Government and the international community in close cooperation with the international community, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to reform its security institutions, while maintaining the international community's support to the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of the universal system of tariff system as a essential mechanism for the promotion of alternative products for alternative products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The year 2002 is the foundations for the consolidation of fragile peace.
In addition, we believe that nuclear weapons nuclear-weapon States and nuclear weapons possessing nuclear weapons are the continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities of the Committee, I expect the full cooperation of delegations to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
The reduction of agricultural subsidies in agricultural crops, cultivation and livestock has reduced a relative profit, resulting from deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur has visited the region in September 1994 in the light of the complaints of different nationality of different nationalities.
The second meeting of the Second Expert Meeting discussed discussions on the legal definition of mercenaries and the need to modify the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
Determined to encourage strict adherence to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman indicated that the Secretariat informed his letter on the question of the United Nations, New Caledonia and Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, Guam, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, Pitcairn, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands.
The Government of Ecuador will wish to inform the Committee as soon as possible.
If further than 30 per cent of the investment projects have been developed, the cost of the business lending is 50 per cent of the total population, and approximately 25 per cent of the project's loans for the project or beneficiaries of the project, and the investment value of the donor support in support of $1 billion.
Takes note of the adoption adopted by the Council of African Unity of the Organization of African Unity on the Convention on the Prohibition of Terrorism in the Convention on the Suppression of All Forms of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal in the implementation of the Bamako Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Movements in Africa;
In the context of the ministerial meeting of the International Conference on Transit and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions (UNCTAD) on Transit Transport Cooperation, the Secretariat was pleased to prepare UNCTAD's report on the Millennium Development and Development of Transit Transport and Development in Transit and Transit Developing Countries (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/88) and provide detailed details on trade and trade negotiations.
Two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops on regional capacity-building workshops in WTO trade and environmental workshops.
These items or a large value are highly valued, or a complex nature (“the valuation”).
Today, let us unite the world's road chain in the world.
We need to maintain the role of the United Nations and ensure all States, regardless of small and small, and to comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As a debt of the debtor, it will be able to have a long-led poverty?
We strongly believe that these changes will lead to greater attention to the interests of the interests of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full participation of all key debates, thus can be more effective.
2003 2004-2005 and budget
Referring to General Assembly resolution 56/22 of 24 December 2001, the Secretary-General called for the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations of the United Nations system and agencies in support of the activities of recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, particularly least developed countries, small island developing States and small island developing States, and asked whether UNCTAD had taken any measures to ensure that the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States should be implemented.
Iraq has now already established a committee that is a truly representative body of the country.
The two parties have identified the path of peace and all persons who have access to the peace of all persons.
President Abbas (spoke in French): Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is in the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a mixed leader of the parliament's system, as well as the logic of the President.
In general detail, violations of violations and the provision of reparation were made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Mission in Ituri has been composed of four military personnel, including four battalions and support units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions in Bunia, in addition to the destruction of weapons, and detained a number of people who were suspected of their weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all access to all access to access to access to all access to access to access to all access.
The report includes a number of matters that have been taken to take action in the forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), the words “best practice” would be replaced by the words “to-sensitive practices in the implementation of the annual programme of work”.
In the objective of the objective, the words “in the Millennium Declaration” should be replaced by the words “the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account the General Assembly resolution 55/2 (MDGs).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, is encouraged to participate in the meetings, seminars and other activities of the United Nations, in accordance with the Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, and encourages Governments to organize meetings, seminars and other activities in the field of human rights education,
Discrimination against women
Taking note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, ethnic and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add and Add.1, Add and Add.1, paras.
Sudan
The system entities, potential donors and donor-users, and the community community users, services providers and international organizations should cooperate closely closely with the organizations and international organizations, to ensure safe and systematic global satellites.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical conference to raise stakeholders to identify the technical conference to identify the participation of national forest programmes in the process of national forest programmes and create partnerships.
The Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy also maintains close contact with other other members of the international community.
“The Security Council, in accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended a invitation under rule 37 of the provisional rules of procedure of the State of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
The Special Rapporteur is of the view that the Special Rapporteur has a stronger political role in the Sudan to support the current peace process and to achieve permanent and lasting peace.
He noted that the new institutions of the abduction and Children Commission on the Prevention of Violence and Children, and the ongoing discussion on the establishment of national human rights institutions in the establishment of a national human rights institution and the implementation of initial measures to strengthen civil society's role in the fight against civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (A.g. Mr. S. V. Mr. S. B. Z. B. S.e. (212) 963-23-23 and 963-917373; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In the course of this work, dialogue and consultations with regional organizations, political leaders and civil society members.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme at its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/24 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, a draft decision entitled “Enhancing the programme of work of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/2002/L.11).
(b) In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission was elected to the Council of Human Settlements (UN-Habitat) from 1 January 2002.
During the meeting, we note with satisfaction that the number of members of the United Nations had increased and continued debate on the quality and improvement of the annual statements and the quality of the production and improvement of the launch of missiles and space operations.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands does not change, unless the people of the island people will change.
Encourages the authorities to participate in all courses for children in children, including mutual understanding, tolerance and participation in civil affairs, human rights and promoting peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have been the importance of the role of justice in the most difficult process in the process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly requires a decision on this matter.
As a result of the work of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with other relevant sectors of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Centre and the relevant relevant sectors of the Secretariat.
With regard to the Tribunal, the Agreement on Relations between the Tribunal and the Organization will be conducted by the United Nations High Commissioner at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) To enhance and promote the work of those groups in the work of the work of the Commission, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business unions, trade unions and non-governmental organizations and the general development activities of the Commission in the work of the Commission;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making has also been supported, which will take into account their policies and plans to manage water, energy and environment.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
The main objective of the subprogramme should be to assist the Secretary-General for the timely availability of assistance to disaster relief and natural disasters, including technical accidents, in response to the request of Member States.
The International Voluntary Association Association has a volunteer representative, who attended all press conferences for non-governmental organizations, and to report on periodic reports and the United Nations activities on the activities of the International Voluntary Association.
The jury subsequently referred to the Government's recommendations, which will be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Rodríguez (Norway) said that the fight against terrorism was being a pretext for the fight against terrorism and the pretext for combating terrorism in the fight against terrorism.
Introduction
“The Security Council took grave concern about the serious consequences of the ceasefire between 29 and 30 November Security Council forces of ECOWAS and French forces, as well as the consequences of the conflict.
Fifty-eighth session
The family: 8 per cent of their families: 2 per cent of friends: 0.0 per cent of education: 8 per cent of the work of the work of the working group: 7 per cent of the work of the working group: 7.7 per cent) and 7 per cent of:
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
The elderly is not the most vulnerable, but the ageing process is forced to adapt to their physical, economic and social environment, thereby exacerbated by their vulnerability.
Several groups have expressed their shared interest in their common interest, but they agreed that social vulnerabilities hamper their full potential and deprived of their right and rights.
There are a number of households who have paid medical costs and loss of income for the family of the families of the family.
In armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often suffer from death, disappearances or forced migration.
The reference of international responsibility for international responsibility indicates that the draft articles is fully based on the responsibility of international law.
The Committee does not wish to see a reasonable balance between intergovernmental organizations and other intergovernmental organizations in the scope of the draft articles on the scope of the draft articles, even if possible.
Fifty-seventh session
The State is responsible for protection of refugees and the primary responsibility of UNHCR's responsibilities, and UNHCR's right to protect the rights of human rights, as well as other persons who are responsible for the protection of human rights, and that UNHCR requires a more coherent approach to protection of international protection; UNHCR's ability to protect and respond to the protection of the beneficiaries; UNHCR's ability to provide and address the capacity of the beneficiaries in a more coherent manner, including the development of the assistance of the beneficiaries and the development of a durable solution to the work of the beneficiaries.
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian operations, human rights, development policies and development policies, I have re-evaluating UNHCR's position in the family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue the efforts of the Chadian Government to engage in dialogue on the political dialogue and justice of Chad and the other parties:
An important policy decision on the right to purchase of credit is a major policy decision, which is only the seller's seller or other loans to purchase the goods and other borrowers.
The benefits of such priority claims can be promoted by social objectives.
In terms of creditors, clarity and the results of the outcome of the outcome of the proposed priority rules as well as the effective identification and identification mechanism of credit must be equally important.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signature is the Special Rapporteur on the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to check all access to Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for a large number of human and sophisticated inspections of equipment, which have not been subjected to human resources.
The most busy airport of the Sudan is the Centre of Hargea, which is a average of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.24/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
Therefore, the Government of the United States must vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schffz (Liechtenstein) agreed that, in principle, the Office of the Special Representative should provide support to the Office of the Special Representative.
Ms. Elmia (Benin) said that she had expressed regret that the outcome of the voting had been expressed, and she said that delegations had been able to change the content of the draft resolution.
Article 4 of the Constitution defines discrimination: “The “the definition of discriminatory”” means the different treatment of the different persons, which is entirely or limited to the race of race, colour, colour, religion, religion, creed or gender, which may not be bound by any or her person, regardless of their own or her own or her person.
The right of the people to do so and equal access to the above services are not available.
The placement of resettlement services is provided for the Office of the National Centre for the Field and Field Centre (including the Association's District Centre).
According to the rules applicable to each category of category, the Regulations also distinguish between “children” and “children” and “children”.
As at October 2000, 32 per cent of the children were working to the care of the care, while boys had been more than 150.
The list of cases are based on the location of the family, a total of 68 areas.
It is essential to provide a fair way in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are checked in the prenatal-patient hospital.
The use of land is a major challenge in Malta, in view of the size of the Cook Islands's islands.
It is also also proposed to provide a mentoring scheme and component support to provide access to students.
Malta favours the cultural concept as a manifestation of a wide range of personal, economic and economic values.
The creative activities of these peoples are to ensure that national sustainable development is essential, since it is the potential of the economic value of the entire society.
Order of the Housing Authority for the rental and sale of rental and sale
While efforts are being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to be seriously hampering sustainable development in Africa.
I are particularly interested on the transfer of financial, debt, market access and experience.
In developing countries, the importance of trade is not a excessive cause.
These procedures also have to regulate the management, monitoring and auditing of associations of associations.
It is imperative that all persons with disabilities have the right to protect, without discrimination, equal and equal enjoyment of human rights, as well as the provisions of the Standard Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities of Persons with Disabilities, which is incompatible with the human rights of persons with disabilities, which is incompatible with human rights in persons with disabilities;
It is therefore important to express support for the informal documents of the two States parties, with a view to establishing a comprehensive convention on human cloning, and that the other forms of cloning of human cloning are prohibited, and the other forms of cloning of human cloning, which would be used to be used by the parties, or in the form of such cloning, or through domestic legislation.
C. Action of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, there is no objection to that objection, I would like to invite the President of the Holy See to the Security Council at the appropriate time.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimensions of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to make a correct decision.
Over the years, Member States have called for humanitarian institutions to meet the potential crisis.
Free weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and aggression against aggression are also a threat to the international system.
This month marks the two-year half of the past two years of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip, which is insecurity, the political impasse and economic destruction.
My delegation will therefore make a maximum contribution to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who have been subjected to justice, such as the prohibition of the United Nations war in Vieques or the struggle to commit national independence.
He would clarify and further elaborate such methods and the need to integrate the human rights needs.
These extradition treaties are consistent with article 13 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.2
The situation in all countries in the region have deteriorated in the area of employment and unemployment, despite the fact that the most serious economic crisis of Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela are most serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, there is a need to address the conclusions of the scientific opinion on the scientific opinion.
The external resources and external resources are the main source of financial resources.
The results of the outcome of the results of the relevant scientific policy process and the substantive objectives of data collection are found at www.un.org/P/P/index.htm/index.htm.
Security Council: www.un.org/webcast
The multilateral discussions of developing countries on domestic regulations on the implementation of domestic regulations is increasingly interested.
Case studies
In addition, the Secretariat will continue to make every effort to troop-contributing countries.
With regard to this issue, see paragraphs 2 (a) and (b) above.
The camp and placement of the camps are the result of the armed conflict, and refugees have been forced, without access to access to access to access to access to asylum or forced repatriation.
In addition, the High Commissioner decided to convene a conference meeting on special arrangements, and that the burden of burden is the theme of the forum of the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” is also controversial.
On 23 July, one grenade was fired on the United Nations aircraft.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1)
The report shows the participation of Governments and non-governmental organizations in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
The majority of the students are encouraging religious textbooks, and in the academic and mathematics.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for compensation in this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of the follow-up to the Durban Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and welcomes the implementation of the implementation of the Convention and the activities of the Commission;
“The United Nations Programme of Action for the Decade against Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The main environmental challenges of the Nirium region: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, and the impact of the changes in fish stocks, growth and mortality; and (ii) the use of the use of the sea and the use of the sea in the Arctic region; and (b) the use of the use of the sea and the environment of the sea in the Arctic region; and (iv) the use of a climate of the sea in the Arctic region; and (iv) the use of the sea and the use of a climate of the sea in the Arctic region; and (iv) the use of the sea and the global environment of the sea.
Several delegations expressed that there were no control of fishing, organic organic pollutants, sea-related activities, navigation and dumping, as well as the effects of climate change, as well as the climate of the marine environment in the Arctic region.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to promote partnerships with the local, regional and regional networks to bring the United Nations voice to the world in the world;
The programme agreed to develop a study on the development of the Global Entrepreneurship, which would be able to identify and seize commercial opportunities.
Mr. Pavier Pow, France, University of the University
Mr. Vvrozz, Switzerland, International Organization of Foreign Affairs
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Sardenberg (Romania): Mr. President, for this occasion, I would like to congratulate you, Mr. President, on the first session of the Conference on the first time.
On the basis of verification, a holistic approach and a approach to a holistic approach has been developed and a wide discussion.
Since 1987, a total of 2,29 Palestinians in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, had been demolished by the construction of the Palestinian housing, which had been demolished by 1600 Palestinians.
The special investment project project is currently currently more than 100 loans, whose value value of the insurance value, which was used to meet 50 million loans in November 2002.
(c) The return of the occupied Palestinian territories to be used and used with a wide range of programmes for the use of a broad range of programmes in post-conflict peace and stability;
Mc Dow, op. cit., op. cit.
It is also a reminder of the attention of the Secretary-General to address the terrorist attacks against citizens of Israel.
Contents
In the same period, more than 1 students have received the Eastern Europe, Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of women and 5 per cent of women have completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men.
Between 76 and 1995 the total number of hospitals had increased from 4 to 8 families, while the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18 per cent, while the number of hospitals were increased to 13 per cent, and the number of health centres increased from 29 to 54 respectively.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore innovative ways to provide counselling and spacing services for adolescents to adolescents.
Women's curricula are the same of the children's lives, colour and other collective movements.
Young people have seen our experience in the United Nations system, which are also familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey, as a observer for the first decade of the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, announced that it was intended to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates also play an catalytic role in defining and clarifying the issue of this issue.
However, everyone knows that, if terrorists are acquiring weapons of mass destruction, they are likely to do so.
We believe that we have seen us only.
We now turn to the consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supported the efforts made by the Secretary-General in the modernization of the human rights treaty system, particularly in the context of the report, and those requirements have become a growing burden for countries.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the financial viability of peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“security of political — military issues”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies shall take into account the geographical distribution of equitable geographical distribution and the types of legal systems.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Commission focused on ensuring that States develop legislation on all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); they have taken steps to take steps to combat the international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and they have established effective mechanisms for combating terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council on the report of the Economic and Social Council;
The initiative of this initiative includes the Steering Group of the United Nations Development Group, the donor, donor and donor organizations.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account all relevant relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/20 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and eradication of poverty, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services is increasingly important, as well as the objectives of the promotion and implementation of these objectives, secondly of the social and economic sustainability indicators.
In order to achieve progress, we need to be a frank dialogue and the need for concrete recommendations.
Mr. Kuraura (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the United Nations Forum on the Pacific Islands Islands Forum: Australia, the Marshall Islands, Nauru, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Fiji.
The individual committees also play an important role in discussions on the modalities and future modalities in the future.
It was also important that she had submitted a proposal to amend the National Tax Fund of the Congress and the Senate of the Senate, which would be amended by the Government of the National Law of the Senate, which is important to eliminate the application of article 9 of the Tax Law on the Tax Tax Act.
CEB members generally agreed the findings and conclusions of the report, which should be acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles made by the Global Centre for the Information and Water Technology System, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat to prepare consultations with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) to prepare a analytical report on specific issues and solutions to addressing these issues.
In particular, China expressed interest from the sale of crude oil in Kazakhstan and the signing of a agreement between 1998 and the country in 1998, a company company's company's oil resources in northern Cyprus.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than the Czech Republic.
Act No. 10/1997 Coll Coll Act No. 10/1997 Coll Act provides that the provision of access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to information is provided.
Resolution S-10/2.
WFP/FAO reported that the reconstruction of reconstruction works in 2003 to 12 per cent in 2003 and a sharp decline in the number of maize in the past decade.
According to the Ministry of Health for the implementation of the Child Health Programme for Children for Children and Children for five years of age, the Ministry of Health has been implemented.
The President of Timor-Leste welcomed the cooperation between the United Nations High Commissioner for UNESCO and the Director-General of UNESCO to the United Nations High Commissioner for Trade in Timor-Leste to strengthen cooperation in education and science.
The decision of the Council of Ministers for the implementation of the policy document was adopted in 2003.
The United Nations Mission in Timor-Leste, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes provide technical assistance to strengthen national police and public administration capacity, fully respecting the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision decided to use the wording of the proposed text of the Secretariat (see A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para. 74), and that it is contained in document A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base for the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the Group of 77 and China had not participated in this meeting, and he urged all States to reconsider their position in the process of this process.
Italy
Since the experience of the use of procurement in the use of procurement has been used and used, this limits has been reduced to all of all of them, which could be cost of $2,500.
The Comptroller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Office of Legal Affairs will be responsible for implementing this recommendation.
Russia believes that, as possible, it is possible to restore the stability of Iraq as soon as possible.
Sustainable and sustainable sources are a key element of the objectives identified by the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Students and teachers have also started on remote and other schools.
World Tourism Organization
Section 7 is retained by the administrative management management of ODS.
The proposed changes and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third and forty-third sessions reflected the changes in the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and the further revision of the proposed recommendations
So far, only one country (Botswana) will be on the list.
The relevant international organizations of the programme also considered that statistics are primarily designed to develop, implement or evaluate health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus on a number of measures aimed at implementing them.
The member States of the European Union and its member States have actively committed to the work of the Conference on Disarmament in order to reach negotiations on the basis of the mandate of the Special Coordinator and the negotiations on non-discriminatory non-discriminatory, multilateral and international ratification of the treaty.
China's position in support of the above objectives will be summarized in the following:
It is my delegation's view that the tragic situation in this tragic situation reaffirms the call of Mr. Theo-Eboutou, President of the General Assembly, which called for the efforts of the international community to pursue the legal instruments of non-State actors in the general debate of the General Assembly last week.
Other corruption, including the protection of “reporting” and victim, compensation, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about the question of violence and discrimination against women in many of the women's religious intolerance,
The analysis of such analysis must be involved in the various agencies and programmes.
The Law Division will update existing publications and prepare new publications in the light of the specific shortcomings of the publication.
This could not be seen as a reform, but it is not possible that the mandate and objectives of the Commission should be regarded as the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support for the necessary provision of the scientific centres.
(a) The legal representation of all matters relating to the science and technology centres shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made commitment to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the region, and that it had been held in the event of the resumption and maintenance of the conflict in the conflict since 1955.
As many of the countries of our continent, Ethiopia is likely to suffer from the long-term suffering of conflict and war and the consequences of the consequences and consequences of the continent.
It was also reported that the projects against children against children were another important event in the Sudan's work in the Sudan, the Committee on the Prevention of Children and Children and the President of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed that the programme programme should be involved in paragraphs 5 and rules of the Regulations and Rules of the Programme of Planning, the Programme of Budget, the Programme of Implementation and Evaluation of the Programme of Action and Rules.
If we do so, we can be able to promote the reform of the Organization, let let let the peace of the peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Policy policy in July 2000 provides a positive action to bring the representation of women in government legislation and implementing the participation of women in all political parties.
Source: Assessment and analysis of 2001
The use of women in rural areas and family planning
In June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated its support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above resolution affirms the cessation of the occupation of Arab territories in the occupied Arab territories, and must give the right to self-determination to exercise the right to self-determination in their own lands.”
Abbreviations
In my previous report, there is still no record that the aircraft had been able to move back to the north of the United Nations in the north of the United Nations naval zone, and to avoid the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The full construction of the premises of the refurbishment of the refurbishment plan should be allowed to be more accessible.
The report also discussed trends on the scope and methods of the use of women and women in the various forms of contraceptive means.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
Despite the strong commitment of the international community to guarantee the survival of human beings, the representative of Morocco and regretted that the world still live in poverty and hunger in the world, and that the climate change in the world continues to be a growing result of the spread of millions of people in many countries, and that millions of people continue to suffer from the spread of water and sanitation, and that millions of people continue to suffer from the spread and consumption of the world.
Other matters
Recalling the commitment of the Heads of State and Government to take measures to ensure that, inter alia, respect to the protection and protection of migrants, migrant workers and their families in many societies, to promote harmony and tolerance among all societies in all societies, in order to promote harmony and tolerance among all societies,
This trend shows the trend in opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session, in a separate corrigendum for each Committee.
In accordance with the provisions of the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1944 (LVII), the draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission was prepared in accordance with the relevant legislative mandates.
The debate shows that despite the progress made in implementing the Convention, it remains important for addressing the main aspects of the region.
The increasing increase in soil degradation and reducing the incidence of soil consumption in the soil of soil.
To commemorate this world, it could be re-evaluated the support of States to the Convention, promoting experiences and knowledge sharing.
The travel may not be allowed to leave the time of night hours, such as the duration of the work of the person, which shall be paid to 10 hours or more than 10 hours.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations has dealt with wide issues, covering economic, financial, trade, energy, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
This statement calls upon the State party to take concrete action in the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to implement the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Pareaya (Indonesia) proposed a mission that he would return to Ramallah to assist the Government of the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for six months for six months and 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 52-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to take measures to improve the training of women in the election and appointment of women, in particular in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to ensure that the right to life of women in all areas of life, especially in the context of the decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage women and girls with a wide range of educational options and to help them fully develop their personal potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the recent number of women in the British Columbia, particularly women's opportunities for indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned about the fact that the “Indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples” has not been discussed in other laws, including the provisions of the law of discrimination in other laws, including the right to freedom of property, identity and family-based communities.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among the United Nations organizations in promoting sustainable development in the context of sustainable development, in this regard, in the context of the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chairs of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
In the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Information Fund established two awards, one of the “best-quality data” for women, one of whom is the “most gender-awareness” of men or women.
Studies in the media and peace areas are particularly focused on Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, the United Nations Conference on International Organizations in UNESCO held the International Decade for Human Rights, entitled “The International Decade for Peace and Non-Violence for Peace”, adopted in December 2001, in collaboration with UNESCO in the context of the implementation of the Plan of Action, a project entitled “Human and cultural culture” in order to promote dialogue, reconciliation and reconciliation in the local heritage, and to bring greater attention to the concept of peace and reconciliation in the local heritage.
The General Assembly adopted the recommendation recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee, as orally corrected (A/59/294) (resolution 58/232).
The chart also describes the main features of the value chain in the value chain.
The Director of the Director of the Director, in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000, participated in the meeting of the Asian Development Forum and the Asian Development Bank of the Asian Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of promoting the possibility of the participation of civil society in promoting the use of prostitutes, particularly in particular to vulnerable victims of AIDS and to provide victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the right to care should not be regarded as a fundamental nature of women, which is generally a joint responsibility for women and men in the family and society.
The elimination of nuclear biological biological weapons in all the world is the long-term goal of the long-term objectives of the United Nations.
The commitment of the troop-contributing countries is not the only challenge of the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has not deployed the work of post-conflict peace-building in the United Nations.
India, the two countries are almost all tracks, and the world is very likely to be the possibility of the first year.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights intensified to assist the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to provide assistance to the promotion and strengthening of the national human rights protection system.
General Assembly
The objective is to combat the people of the people of the people of the People, which is the basis of freedom of expression and freedom of expression.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps of social organizations and international relations in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate with the global efforts in this regard, and that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle to the fight against terrorism.
Report of the Government of the United Kingdom, in particular CEDAW/C/C/5/Add.5, the report of the Committee considered consideration of the second periodic report; the second periodic report of the Commission, as well as the report of the Committee at its twenty-second session, on the third periodic report, as well as the report of the Committee at its twenty-second session, and the report of the Committee at its twenty-fifth session (see CEDAW/C/UK/4 and Add.1 and Add.1.
The law also provides that learning and skills committees should take into account the need to promote equal opportunities for all ethnic groups, men and women, men and non-citizens.
The Government's efforts to promote the role of women in the area of research and technical areas: “The “Blain”” was a strategic review, which is a strategic review to improve the recruitment and return of women in the field and technology areas, and highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of research and technology.
The two General Assembly members of the Northern Ireland's Republic of Northern Ireland have also been one of the Vice-President of the General Assembly, and the General Assembly, on 14 October 2002, was women.
See Annex 2 of annex 2-10.5 (paras. 10), pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government has submitted a programme of action on rape and conviction rates.
The document takes into account the recommendations of the policy plan for the preparation of the action plan in 1998, providing a comprehensive overview of violence against women and to prevent such violence.
In the absence of effective international and local insolvency contracts, or the conditions and conditions of the acquisition or management of the United Nations, it may be recommended that the application of such contracts would be required by the United Nations.
The tripartite process of resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that in the light of the progress achieved in the settlement of negotiations, the implementation of resolution 1483 (2003) should be adopted as at 21 November.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/33)
The Secretary-General's reform and strengthening the Organization of the Organization is the development of the Organization's common interest and determination to achieve that matter.
This is to meet the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the consensus of the United Nations in the United Nations would lead to the fact that there is only a number of non-permanent members of the Council, and we will support this approach.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Australia) and Mr. Valen (Indonesia) was Vice-Chairman.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important example of strengthening the IAEA safeguards system.
In the process of development of these systems, the Court requires considerable flexibility.
The first part of this budget has indicated that the courts need to be a pre-trial, the Appeals Chamber, and may also include the Trial Chamber's work in the Office of the Prosecutor.
• The specific factual assumptions for the formulation of individual suspects, focusing on the leadership of the leadership
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support to the Prosecution Division and the Legal and Policy Section to provide effective support
The Office was planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and the third third of October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording records and the importance of their use of their use cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure the regular entry into force of the United Nations Office on Field Services.
The Security Council has also represented the security interests of the Court in the context of the United Nations Security Coordinator, as well as other international organizations, as well as other international organizations, as well as other international organizations.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain international level of the International Criminal Court, as well as the use of different methods of understanding, the principles, objectives and actions of the organization, as well as the creation of a good working-based working environment; establishing the environment of public services and the provision of information services to support the work of the Court in the field of information and networking.
(viii) To know the Secretariat's attention to the Secretariat's opinion to consider any matter of consideration;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not a appropriate approach to the Secretariat's resources.
Trust Fund
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has signed the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and authorize me to sign the Agreement in this week.
Summary of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
8.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, which provides that Governments and international organizations should implement Agenda 21, the Sustainable Development Conference for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36 Summary of follow-up to the follow-up to the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the relevant recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcome of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I will like to speak on this issue today.
We reiterate the adoption of the International Trade Organization, which adopted the TRIPS Agreement on Intellectual Rights in Indigenous Peoples.
The Advisory Committee will report to the Advisory Committee on its recommendation (A/58/586) (A/58/586).
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the promotion and implementation of the right to development, including in ensuring the effective use of financial resources and human resources for the implementation of the right to development, and to provide services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The representative of the proposal of the proposal of the proposal of the proposal were reflected in the background and objectives.
The strict punishment of sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have been completed and completed.
In addition, the civil society and civil society have taken other actions:
- Changes in the transformation of women continues to be in the context of the social culture of the community, which has resulted in progress in women's progress.
As noted in some delegations, the cost of reimbursement for the troop-owned equipment costs is significantly higher than the cost of reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment, because the troop-contributing countries may be able to make more detailed information on the number of troop-owned equipment.
The report of the Advisory Committee has been considered by the Advisory Committee's recommendation on direct solutions to the members of the Fifth Committee and troop-contributing countries.
Thus, the Republic of Croatia has formally decided to bring the provisions of the European Union in the form of the provisions of the European Union, which allows the overall legal adjustment of gender equality in the legislative provisions of the European Union.
The provisions of the Penal Code of the Republic of Croatia in 2000 and 2003 are detailed in article 6 of the report.
Source: Central Statistics
However, if we need to consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries have increased to more than 3500,000 persons, in 1999 to 365,000 persons (J.J. Lauterpacht, 1999).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services has continued to carry out its activities at the end of 2003, which is a programme of reproductive health and comprehensive health education, which includes courses, workshops, seminars, lectures and seminars.
His delegation strongly rejects the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violates the principle of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was suggested that, according to the fact that the goods had been made to the original transport means, the distinction in which the goods had been retained.
One alternative proposal was suggested that this approach should be used to extend the other parties to the various parties, including independent subcontracters.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future future to the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The report of the report (S/2001/575, S/2001/584, S/2002/664, S/2003/64) referred to the question of the return of all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq will continue to return the return of the missing persons to Kuwait, or to seek their homes and to return their families.
The Coordinator would like to identify the efforts of the Secretary-General on the fate of the captain.
M. M. M. M. M. Al. Al. Al. Al-Saha
The Chairman said that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary plenary meeting.
Finally, we wish to know the CTC's efforts to strengthen further work in the fight against terrorism.
The development of global markets is the improvement of information in communications, the use of the media, improved transport and more more efficient international travel, which can contribute to the development of the common and destructive information of the global terrorist network, and to ensure that the common and destructive information of the world is a common and destructive culture of civilization, particularly in the fight against civilizations.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, post upgrading the past since the budgetary constraints, and it is now impossible to postpone, and, in the country's ability, the staff's ability to provide a good, well-functioning job.
The United Nations Development Group will begin the implementation of a plan of implementation in September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries as a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
The Division has also developed organizational reforms, which had been incorporated in the Monitoring and Monitoring Division (formerly the University of the University of the Congo), and the Department of Statistics and the Global Year of Cities are merged in a copy of the name.
The oversight function has been expanded to monitor urban inequalities in urban inequality, in addition to the existing data and GIS systems.
The theme of development capacity will include analysis methods and communications, advocacy, networking and networking skills.
In 2007, the People's Democratic People's Democratic Republic may introduce a new feature
Challenges and challenges:
As the National Commission is usually responsible for other resources, the contribution of other resources is to increase the capacity-building capacity of regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited limited resources of the Foundation, the activities of non-project activities are limited to the efforts of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the preparations and the development of a comprehensive development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education and the Department of Education and the United States, coordinate various programmes, including education programmes in Mexico, young children, youth and adults.
In this regard, the Government of the Philippines proved to demonstrate that the rights and dignity of migrant workers have not been effective to protect women's rights and dignity in a very beneficial manner.
In Latin America, in Latin America, the same trend in the number of women migrant workers has been supported, with a view to the establishment of a base base on the causes of women's causes, which could be developed through a decision-making decision.
The Conference on Disarmament and Documentation addressed the central and fundamental aspects of the United Nations system in the world's main multilateral institutions (see A/57/37, para.
The Department, in consultation with the Working Party, seek ways to seek ways of methods and to prepare a pre-session document to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Integration and gender equity
The previous table indicated that, in the terms of the provisions of the Agreement under article 10 of the Agreement, the degree of powers was limited to the management of the fisheries fisheries organization in the area of scientific matters, which could be held in the two types of areas in the area of scientific matters, and that the Association of Fisheries of the International Maritime Fisheries Organization may be able to provide advice on the International Maritime Fisheries Organization, which may be a example of the International Maritime Fisheries Organization.
Effects of the entry into force of the Agreement and the impact of the proposed international instruments
For example, the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties (OSCE) (OSCE) (S-5-5 and C-2-2).
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the Secretary-General of the International Criminal Court for the Establishment of the International Criminal Court for the Establishment of the International Criminal Court.
The groundwater in the field of terrestrial water is the scope of the Convention on the Use of the Use of Electronic Watercourses.
Expressing its appreciation to the importance of effective control of drug control and illicit policies on drug trafficking and illicit and related consequences in the context of drug control systems, as well as the importance of drug control,
Iraq stated that it did not have a timely delivery of goods, because “the material material was issued and issued on 4 July 1990 and the provision of “A credit” was issued at three months, and the delivery of the delivery of credit was completed at three months.
The Arab Arab Federation seeks compensation in the amount of compensation for “family subsistence allowance” in the amount of USD 87,177, which relates to compensation paid to the employees in North America during the period under the period covered by the amount of compensation for the maintenance of the premises.
In the light of the agreement on the basis of the intention of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, the Ministry of Technology and Research, which was established by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Nations, has been completed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in the light of the intention of the Secretary-General.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends that the Panel's claim for payment or payment of compensation amounted to USD 7,287.
C. U. U.A.A., said that the payment of ships and mechanical insurance for the period of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait is USD 2,266,2640 in the amount of USD 2,6240 in the amount of USD 2,6240 (see A.S. U.S.A.A.A.
This case relates to the International Foundation of International Solidarity (Bordarity Foundation” (the International Foundation for International Solidarity, which was located at the headquarters of the Commission.
The present document is submitted in accordance with the above requirements.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to the global nuclear disarmament commitments and the adoption of the following policy commitments to non-nuclear-weapon States or non-nuclear-weapon States of the nuclear-weapon States.
On the same hand, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command bodies, including a political council, as a sole body for the use of nuclear weapons.
As a result of the High Commissioner, I stressed that this is the overview of the project.
Thus, in many countries, there are no poor countries from poor countries, or in the countries of the rich countries, or to the extent that they are in the position of the country, or in the area of poverty.
The Court must review its application of the rights of the law in accordance with the provisions of the Basic Law.
(b) Reducing the timing of the mandate, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the mandate of the Security Council;
The request for the request is to provide professional expertise to monitor the monitoring, evaluation and advisory functions of the Office in order to facilitate effective oversight of peacekeeping operations in peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties further elaborated this issue and noted that the quality of information provided in climate change in the media was considered as a general point (France) that “the media does not explicitly clarify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden) or “the role of the media in the exercise of the dissemination of ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must be aware of the awareness and understanding of these issues and must also be aware of the need to do so to address this process.
Media media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into a short-term term, the medium-term (year) and long-term years.
The coordination and training programmes of donor donors must be a initial event in this component.
The loss of waste waste may result in the loss of ecosystems and species in the ecosystem structure.
(f) The Egyptian Government reported that human rights education are included in school curricula and/or school activities.
While the majority of the latter has almost agreed, there is no individual obligation or responsibilities, but there are no individual rights, but that these responsibilities can be defined in a appropriate manner in the framework of the international framework and the domestic level, if they are in a appropriate manner.
Dr. Hamir Hamir, President of the Interior, 16 September);
The Convention applies all other actions in the United Nations, such as the political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding missions, or humanitarian missions, but that the Security Council or the General Assembly are entitled by the Security Council or the General Assembly (para. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We are deeply aware of the continuation of settlement activities in Palestinian lands, particularly in the West Bank and the West Bank in the occupied Palestinian territory and the construction of the wall in Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we wish to reiterate our grave concern about the persistence of violence and excessive use of force, and the loss of food, material and frustration.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the British bank system could not be able to do suspicious transactions.
It is not saying that “We do not do not have to be changed” — I do not do so, but I do not say “in one one of what is “Yes”.
One of the expertise is one of the expertise of the training camps, which was used by the use of toxic substances.
The activities of the Kqa is not not limited to the small-scale region of Iraq.
We believe that this developments is a very important contribution, which will allow the Security Council to make an important decision to make a decision on greater responsibilities and objectives in the world.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
The exploitation of the child is also used to prevent the health and development of children in the form of their health and development, to prevent or fulfil the provisions of the Convention, or in accordance with article 138 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The private sector and other enterprises should provide workers to ensure that their families and their families are living with their full standard of living.
Spain Antonio O. O. García-Sazco, Francisco de delvarez de dearez de la González González González, Mr. David Pérez, Mr. José Pérez, Mr. José Pérez, Mr. José Pérez, Mr. José Pérez, Mr. José Pérez
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia has been raped by the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The Secretary-General of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights introduced the appointment of the members of the Bureau on the expansion of the members of the Bureau, as well as the representatives of the members of the Bureau, in Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, the Latin American and Caribbean States and other international groups.
Meetings of the Committee
They recommended that each treaty body should take measures to increase the right to press releases.
President of the President
The Computer Section is composed of 1 Professional and 3 General Service staff, which is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology.
Accordingly, Mexico requested the Court to adjudate and declare:
There is currently a need for the Secretary-General to be issued without exception, except in accordance with the documents contained in the document and the document.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5777.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
If funds are funded by the banking system, it is likely to be found that the funds could be found in the possession of the bank, if the funds are transferred to the bank, if the funds are transferred to the use of the funds, such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general standards, the United States supported the need for further consideration of the proposed changes of the selection of managers and looks forward to the outcome of the report of the General Assembly to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: the economic and economic reforms of developing countries, including developed countries, to provide support, particularly through assistance, trade and debt relief.
The total number of claimants have been carried out by Kuwait in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
According to the “E4” claims referred to in paragraphs 2 to 2 of the first “E4” report, the claim was made to recover the amount of payment of claims receivable in the instalment of claims.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the need to address extreme weather events and their associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the General Assembly in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 in New Delhi, the World Association for Peace and Non-Violence in New Delhi (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Bearing in mind the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States to ensure that the human rights of all migrant workers and their families are protected.
His Government and my colleague have made their profound condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello, Special Representative of the Secretary-General, and others that they were killed.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and are actively actively involved with many countries and international organizations.
The Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina, 11.11 and 140 provides confiscation of criminal offences, including the purposes and means of confiscation, and protect the destruction of damage.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international government organizations, I have also developed numerous international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Aviation Aviation Association (II), the World Customs Organization (EU), the World Customs Organization (IIS), the World Customs Organization (IISIS), the International Customs Association (FISIS), the International Customs Association (FISIS), the International Customs Association (FISIS), International Customs Organization (FISIS), International Customs Organization (ISIS).
English and French are working in the work of its working languages, including other languages of the Spanish.
The latter is the seller's seller or the seller's seller, which has continued to continue to work with the debtor and its operational operations, and that it could be able to provide a new provision of credit, and to increase the possibility of credit in the new loan interest.
There is a number of laws that have been created in some laws, which is the insolvency representative of the insolvency representative that could lead to a contract that would lead to the rejection of the contract or not to be rejected.
The insolvency representative may be a person or in certain jurisdictions, which may be a corporation or other legal entities.
(x) Any other matter may be made by creditors to the insolvency representative or by the court.
As mentioned above (chap. III and B), insolvency law may wish to refer to confidentiality obligations in the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the members of the insolvency representative or the working group;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, the application of the application of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons may be deferred to delay the application of the law.
The creditor does not have the right to submit a claim on the basis of the final report and accounting requirements, which may vary from different provisions.
If the claims referred to in the proceedings are considered by the insolvency proceedings, such claims are normally under the claim of the claim of the claim, as a result of the dispute's claim in the proceedings of the insolvency proceedings, see the application of the application of the claim, see chapter II (a) and 8).
The insolvency proceedings often need to be assisted by several professionals, such as the insolvency representative, the representative of the debtor or the insolvency representative.
Priority
A number of insolvency laws have also been required, and the insolvency representative may convene a creditor and to submit the accounts on the basis of the terms and distribution of assets.
The threat posed by a serious attack is also a normal aspect of the daily life of the Israeli life.
We have not seen any practical steps to achieve the goal of Israel.
As members of the Conference on Disarmament in Asia, I endorse the views of the other members of the Conference, which we all pledge to address the East East in East Timor.
Calls upon all States to ensure that the right to freedom of religion or belief, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and Belief, shall be entitled to participate in the form of worship or assembly, and to establish and maintain such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge its mandate;
These include the overall direction and subprogramme 4 of programme programme (Sustainable development) and increased a new subprogramme entitled “International development agenda”.
The General Assembly, in its resolution adopted by the Commission on Human Rights, continued the need to mainstream gender perspectives into all policies and programmes on children (resolution 57/190).
In the request of the President, statements were made to the representatives of the Council in informal distribution.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials should be provided.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative had submitted the first phase of the United Nations Development Fund in 1999 (e.g. Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Ecuador, Ecuador, Peru, Peru and Botswana”.
In the bilateral settlement of disputes in bilateral disputes, there is an effective use of the rule of exhaustion of local remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principles established by the International Court of Justice in Barcelona Traction in Barcelona Traction as a fundamental principle for diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, the practice of national practice should be determined to determine the grounds for unilateral action or acts of unilateral action; national or non-binding standards, especially but not limited to the obligations of the competent organs of the organs and the conditions and conditions of unilateral commitments.
The Association also cooperated closely with the United Nations, in the field of human rights education, the conflict settlement and peace Commission.
At present, in the support of the Foundation's Foundation, a project is being implemented to strengthen the role of civil society in improving reproductive health innovation.
There has been a growing number of new co-financing in the world, with the most recent regions in Brazil, Canada, Egypt, Egypt, France, Germany, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation and the United States.
Mexico's refugee approach could be a example of a lasting solution to refugees.
In accordance with the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. Antonio Antonio Antonio Antonio, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the Conference of the General Assembly, the opening ceremony on the issue of family issues.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Martínez M.E. Mr. Alfonso M. K.
Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA to provide technical assistance to Member States and noted considerable progress in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan of the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the United Nations Plan of Action on Nuclear Terrorism, Mexico supported measures to improve the safe safety of all nuclear materials.
However, the staff members of the Agency are working in these areas and many other efforts to enable our world better and safer.
In the case of the natural person, it is not a residence of their habitual residence.
(c) Any attempt to be found by the signature of the electronic signature of the electronic signature; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the context of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the definition of such a definition does not mean that such a definition does not constitute the Guide to Enactment.
“The evaluation should be conducted in two stages.
5.4.5.4 The use of dangerous goods must be used in order to ensure that the provision of dangerous goods should be treated.
“3. States should examine their infrastructure and identify interdependence and to strengthen the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of the United Nations system in the field of science and technology in the field of science and technology and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, in particular on issues related to the relevant issues,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council issued a briefing on behalf of the members of the Security Council on behalf of the members of the United Nations on behalf of the members of the Council on the work of the Council, but on the day of informal consultations.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/532)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development: draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Sustainable Development [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 shows that young girls provide the space for their self-determination.
Since the General Assembly of the General Assembly had been approved by the General Assembly on 27 October, the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities may be borne by the existing conference conference resources.
In this regard, we note with particular concern that the human rights development report in 2003 clearly indicated that the situation in sub-Saharan Africa will have to be able to achieve universal primary education in the area of the world, which will be reduced by two thirds of extreme poverty and to two thirds of the child's mortality rate.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa is a real danger to international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Eritrea's recovery in Africa.
Developing countries need to overcome a wide range of obstacles, which can be used in the gradual growth market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
The killing of the murder of the murder of the murder of the murder of the Israeli citizens has resulted in some forty days.
“The complainant finds that the complainant found that it is a matter of continuing situation and that this situation does not pose the effect of the entry into force of Belgium until 14 June 19455 of 14 June 1955 and that the right to “long life” is not in place.”
In particular, the Human Rights Commission and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found more than a breach of the provisions of a violation of the provisions, and subsequent measures have been taken to measure such measures.
The State party considers the admissibility of the admissibility of the complaint, which is not under the authority of the State party, and that the State party does not affect the issue of business and insurance insurance, and that the State party's right to other self-government bodies should remain in accordance with the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addresses the lack of discrimination in the market market, and 20 per cent of the person's personal language, and in the public location and access to public services.
Human Rights Committee No. 1724/1996, B. v. Netherlands, 9 April 1987, A/42/400, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, the Committee on Human Rights No. 50/1993, S. v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/402, vol. II, sect. II, sect. II, para.
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school graduates was elected by university students to be trained in the university, as well as the training of cooperatives to be trained abroad.
On 13 May 2003, the Tribunal's award of the Tribunal's ruling was re-rereed, while the first cases of the decision of the executive authority of the administration of the executive branch was in place.
Commentary
The last year of the past year has been forced to stress the international nuclear non-proliferation regime, and it is clear that there is a need to strengthen specific steps to strengthen the system.
A total of $1 million million and $55 million in the joint programme have been agreed, and expected to show the complementarity of capacity-building in capacity-building and the complementarity of development institutions in the United Nations.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy policy):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Martin MacK, presented a detailed study on this topic.
(d) Conflict situations;
Bulgaria also signed memorandums of understanding on exchange of financial information based on Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Romania and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island of the island is not a national administration of the United Nations Interim Administration in the Cyprus.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriot political leaders referred to the principle that such problems should be addressed by the political settlement of the island island.
The transitional phase includes support to support consolidation and stability; rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; human rights and local capacity-building; support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, a positive increase of 1 per cent of GDP in Djibouti had been confirmed in 2001 and that it had been confirmed in 2001 and the year 2002 will also be changed in the direction of the year 2002.
No. 77/83 provides that the crime of terrorist acts in a different type of conduct is punishable by the purpose of the purpose of preventing the purpose of the fight against the purpose of the fight against terrorism, or in the form of military, or in the form of military, or in any form of military or other.
The security situation must continue to maintain stability and support to the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangement will include the period 2002-2003.
To date, there has been approximately 300 kilometres of square kilometres in order to enable Palestinian terrorists to escape the civilian population of the Palestinian population.
Germany regrets the persistence of violent violence between Israel and Palestinians.
The wall has not been built in the Green Line.
This wall has also been carried out in parallel, roads and fence.
The European Union and the parties continue to maintain close contact with the parties to assist them to implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate the commitment of the extremists to act in such acts.
“The addressee is unable to reasonably anticipate the information information information for each of the information information.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislative and policy areas, it seems that measures have been taken to mainstream gender perspectives in policy policies.
Deeply concerned about the impact of Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent innocent people, and its devastating impact in the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is the “Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus” and future tasks.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.45 is that it is not a impediment to transparency in conventional arms, including the destruction of weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference has also emphasized the need to strengthen and national, regional and international policies, as well as the activities of the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
2003
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which is currently in the area of the diamond survey, and the training of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Internal Oversight Services to assist Sierra Leone in these areas.
Children's children are in particular, in particular, to allow them to live, blood, loss and cause.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be addressed in the context of special priority and insolvency issues.
governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on the implementation of the review of the outcome of the outcomes of the United Nations and the outcomes of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review and cycle, bearing in mind the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in implementing the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the United Nations Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements, including the objectives of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in the context of the goals set out in the Millennium Declaration, and the need to achieve greater coherence and effectiveness,
Meeting of the Security Council, pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the establishment of British citizenship to apply the citizens of overseas Territories, while the Territory of the Territory had been transferred to their local legislation, particularly in respect of human rights and financial services.
In 2000, the Government had spent 500 million million, which is mainly in the bank of Anguilla and the Caribbean and the private commercial banks.
In the General Assembly, the General Assembly calls upon States, specialized agencies and specialized organizations to increase special resources to provide grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees, and invites the relevant agencies of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to assist the Palestinian refugees in the work of the Palestinian refugees in their respective mandates;
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter on the impact of the sanctions affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on the issue of a more few-specific issue to avoid the participation of all United Nations agencies in the Council's sanctions groups and other United Nations agencies.
(b) Domestic stability system
Those who have left their homes are often difficult, because the population of mass exoduses is not very difficult in the country's ability to provide the most basic assistance and the crisis and conflict.
States recognized that they are responsible for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
SK has produced copies of copies of a copy of the company's company's bank company and a full payment of payment.
Mr. Rosdd (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Sudan, the Sudan, Swaziland, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate vote on draft resolution (b) and 6 (e)).
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply to the fact that he did not apply to article 12 of the rules of procedure, and hoped that the text of the rule of reference would be the same of the interpretation of the rule of reference and the text of the President's earlier text.
KFOR continues to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations in Kosovo and provide security assistance to support the police police activities in Kosovo.
In that context, India strongly condemns all terrorism and violence.
Decides that the main groups, including non-governmental organizations, should be held in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the General Assembly;
Requests the Secretariat to provide necessary resources to the Department of Public Information, in order to ensure that all major groups, including non-governmental organizations, regional and regional media networks, including the small island developing States, to encourage donor and regional media networks, including small island developing States and the preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
Albania, Croatia and Macedonia have made their commitment to the implementation of the Arab Charter, which will be more closely in line with membership.
However, we need to mobilize the necessary resources, and the common implementation of all aspects of our resolutions, which has been a great hope in our minds in our minds.
We re-establishing the efforts of economic efforts to support new foreign direct investment, development assistance, transfer of technology and the strengthening of cooperation between Member States and international civil society.
We are deeply sadly informed that the Office of Iraq's Office of Internal Oversight Management has been killed by the death of the former terrorist attack.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime have been inherent in addressing the inherent nature of the proliferation of the proliferation.
A vision of the vision of the European Union of Europe, as well as the establishment of a multilateral multilateral integration system, has been created by the vision of the European Union of Europe, and Robert.
The threat and means of the international peace and security continued to be a major threat to international peace and security.
“(continued item 6)
Application or choice of application
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be entered into the database (www.und.gov.gov).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also relevant that we are working to collect evidence on each suspected of the suspects.
The President: I now call on the Prosecutor of Judge to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirazzzz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran had agreed in the report of the Secretary-General on the analysis and strengthening of South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation and enhancing awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur met with a number of mutual communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to the United Nations.
In addition, the Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted the draft text of the revised Ministerial Ministerial Ministerial Declaration (J.J. (No. 120) and that the WTO member States continued to continue consultations.
It was generally felt that the revised draft guideline had not been fully reflected in their interests and concerns.
Major challenges are to address climate change into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. In relation to the use of the use of force, threat to the use of force or the use of the use or use of other aircraft, or to 15 years of imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the need for further consideration of the mandate of such measures and the mandate of anti-personnel mines, and announced that the country had become one of the sponsors of the Danish proposal on such mines.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but it would be necessary to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, which will require additional resources.
Over the past decade, the number of conflicts in internal conflicts increased significantly, and the nature of armed conflict has been a significant change.
It would be hoped that, in the context of the preparation of the report, a number of consultations in the United Nations system, as well as in the relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph was also deleted to address the emergency emergencies of those minorities.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions as a proposal for consideration by the Chairman.
The Joint Inspection Unit signed agreements and memorandums of understanding in order to exchange information with other governmental agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• The list and list of goods and items;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission held a preliminary discussion on the local leaders of UNMIK and the central local leaders, which started a process of consensus-building consensus for grass-roots communities.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its forty-sixth session, the Committee approved the recommendations of the Working Group on the establishment of a working group to be submitted to the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly, namely the review of progress made in implementing the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the new mechanisms and new initiatives for the implementation of recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This has enabled Sweden to produce all data in all parts of Europe, based on a direct basis for a direct basis.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will take active and effective work to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference is to be accepted by States.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, a seminar on the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining was held in Geneva, the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining, held on two-mining seminars on the basis of the final report of the Standing Committee.
The International Narcotics Control and Evaluation Programme is that it is developing countries to cooperate with participating in their efforts to avoid duplication of the international programmes to detect and evaluate humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility for the full and effective discharge of the role of the mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not reduce the important role of multilateral systems, as well as the universal system of non-discriminatory discrimination, which would have no choice.
Solutions to find solutions to the real trade economy in specific countries and assess their identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Early Warning Systems,
Requests the secretariat to cooperate with the Committee on Science and Technology of the Scientific and Technical Commission to select three-specific studies in the report of the Parties and to submit the Committee on Science and Technology at its seventh session;
The other main commissions of the General Assembly are frequently using this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the appropriation appropriated by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/299 of 27 June 2002 amounted to $39,931,800 (USD US$382,000 net), as well as maintenance costs for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, the increase in local staff for the increase of the local staff, as well as the estimated cost of $35,000 for the return of the local staff in Damascus and Faria, will be taken into account from 1 July 2002.
A total of the federal budget has been allocated to the safety of chemical weapons and improving that security is a area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities of Opportunities has been used in the use of a number of procedures.
(2) To provide skills or specialized technical assistance to the organization of terrorist organizations, or in cooperation with their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the phrase “legal law” would be the impression that the impression was referred to other laws, while “legal law” clearly refers to the law of the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, causing socio-economic, and the blockade of the embargo.
In resolution 1397 (2002), the Security Council reflected that resolution reaffirms the importance of the principle of mutual coexistence between the two countries in the relations between the two countries.
The devastating effects of the negative effects of these countries and the threat of the Islamic Nuclear Weapons Programme, as well as the fact that the illegal nuclear weapons programme, hostility and repression of their repression, cannot be seen by the world and the entire world.
According to UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi component in the Zugdidi area was generally calm.
I would now like to touch on the work of the international community on the activities of the international community.
I am often told that the donor countries do not know that I do not know the idea of the non-State approach.
He has spoken, open and frank, on the fate and change of commodity products in the country.
The above Guidelines aims to provide a normative framework for the provision of normative, coherent risk management frameworks, which allows the Government to make changes to the risk of climate change in the ship and port facilities.
In addition to this, the production of productive production is a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasized the need for special efforts to protect these habitats in the development of human resources, including degradation, degradation, pollution and threat to fisheries resources.
The control of flag flag vessels must be strengthened.
See also the publication of press materials issued on 8 January 2003 by the European Commission for Energy and Transport.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be mandated to clarify the question of clarification.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include the following efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help help establish information exchange and experience networks; mobilizing resources; mobilizing best practices;
The Secretariat will revise the national database in accordance with the three criteria used by the revised system.
Strengthening the role of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the integration of poverty in the field of human rights, with a view to formulating national action plans.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “International arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular section VIII of the United Nations system,
The Committee welcomes the review of the results-based budgeting format, namely, expected accomplishments, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement, as part of the direction and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in the comprehensive and comprehensive socio-economic development initiatives in Africa.
The establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States has led to the proposal to lift certain outputs.
It was noted that statistical statistics could be one of the areas of overlap.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote the relationship between the United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and the division of labour and ensure coherence in their policies.
Table 24.13
The paragraph should be replaced by “c) the knowledge base for sustainable development, which can be effective and effectively effectively utilized the relevant information on the implementation of national and regional reports and on the implementation of the outcome of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, including the activities of the Commission on Sustainable Development on the implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 seemed to be unnecessary and should be carefully addressed.
It was reported that, in the Americas (Colombia), there is no legal recognition of the Roma's human rights, in many parts of the Republic of Macedonia, in many parts of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
On the basis of adequate and effective remedies, the proposal established a independent or tribunal member of minority members.
However, it would be possible to develop a appropriate approach to the international standards of international standards without regard to the measures of certain countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of the national network of national networks.
The financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 was audited;
First Group
Decides to approve the report of the United Nations Tokelau Mission in Tokelau;
In its resolution 56/19 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly welcomed the importance of the Strategy's overall objectives for mine action, while the recommendation recommended that the entire international community should be given priority in the context of 2001 years.
This three judicial process is not exclusion, but it is mutually reinforcing that the justice and reconciliation of Rwanda can be facilitated.
This record is equally important for the exercise of legal and administrative rights.
According to the current legislation, the members of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have the right to address and obtain evidence of the Tribunal's archives, while the evidence of evidence of the ICTY's ICTY is also directly applied to domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on Iraq, but it is not impossible to stop the bloodshed and that the United Nations had not failed to resolve the Middle East crisis.
The General Assembly, as the principal decision of the United Nations and decision-making bodies, must seriously address the recommendations of the debate.
It was asked that we can be able to support the prevention of local preventive efforts?
Open-ended informal consultations on the Oceans and the Sea of the sea
The ecosystem approach need to take into account the functions and processes of the implementation of the decision.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to participate in the modalities of the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit, and to actively participate actively in the Summit;
The Law of the International Law Commission considered the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of the responsibility of the State State, which is a “International principle of general international law” in the context of judicial judgements, national practice, treaties and jurists.
As a result of the right to remedy, the injured State has not exhausted the application of the rights of the injured State and may lead to a decision of decisions.
The issue of this topic also addresses the local remedies in the International Law of the International Law.
(a) The General Assembly decided to present the use of air tickets not available by the General Assembly, as well as the principle of the least developed countries to participate in the Economic and Social Council sessions;
Mr. E.org daa (Secretariat) said that, as explained in the footnote, the option was intended to address the various modalities of the use of the concessionaire's legal rights in many countries.
During the fifth instalment of claims, the Committee of the Secretariat has been a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
While the number of claimants had received, there were no response to the above standards.
Contribution to development at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/3 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include a special item entitled “Implementation and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under agenda item entitled “Implementation and implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The General Assembly authorized the review of the review, and OIOS has focused on the approach of the mandate to focus on some administrative areas, which could be improved in the development of the Organization.
The European Union reaffirmed their determination to sign the Convention, ratification and ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of Terrorism.
The Act covers the following matters:
18 June 2004
In the Council, the Council proposed other tasks to the Group and referred to the Group's efforts to enhance the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and, in particular, on the relationship between the illicit and illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Conclusions and cooperation between the parties
The fifth party, despite the lack of the opportunity, has not been answered by the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution could be found, the above recommendations did not have a long-term implementation.
Slovenia has been requested to provide responses to the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the United Nations summit and the World Conference on the Status of Women in the 1990s and its follow-up processes will provide guidance on the implementation of the work of the Special Conference and the implementation of policies and programmes to enhance the part of the family centres as part of a comprehensive comprehensive development approach.
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Ms. Schöpp-Chairman (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) introduced the report of ACABQ on the report of the Board of Auditors (A/49/499), noting that the delays in the implementation of the recommendations of the Board and the Board's recommendations remains a great concern.
With regard to the implementation of the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed on the Committee's views that the status of the implementation of the recommendations of the Humanitarian Coordinating Committee was unclear.
If yes, the Committee is requested to provide similar information on the purposes of the relevant entities listed in the list of items.
If so, please provide the reasons for reasons, restitution or return.
In our banks and financial systems, no type of financial activities may be authorized by other legal entities or other legal entities or natural or natural persons, lawyers or financial managers.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on three years of work,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes part of the long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary management system, namely that it should support the re-establishment of Cyprus in Cyprus, which is not a result of the fact that the occupation of the forces of the European Union has been made.
In different size, “Trade trade” is also designed to develop the environment and social dimensions of trade and biodiversity.
This means that: (a) the potential of new knowledge areas on the development of issues of development, in the context of development capacity development, and (b) flexibility in the design of a new model or new model.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means the international community's efforts to adapt the flexibility of the WTO to achieve development.
The General Assembly should actively participate actively in the decision-making process of Member States, and to follow up on their implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, in the Charter of the United Nations, to make obstacles to trade and financial relations, hampering the economic and social development of affected countries.
The Committee asked why three bienniums had not been used to measure baseline data, and that the results of the outputs was not prepared.
Several factors have resulted in such changes.
(t) “In private personnel” means any employee, organization, managers or officials of any entity, organization or private legal law, in accordance with the functions of the staff, in accordance with the mandate of the person,
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the fundamental concept of the legal system,
(c) In relation to subparagraph (b) above, the predicate offence shall include offences under the jurisdiction of the State party concerned within the jurisdiction of the State Party.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may be able to provide assistance in the context of its discretion, irrespective of whether it is a offence that is under the State party's domestic law.
(b) The proceedings, prosecutions and nature of the proceedings, prosecution or trial proceedings, and the names and functions of the authorities, prosecutions or trial proceedings in this regard;
The State party should ensure that the transaction of the transaction should be carried out in order to ensure that its banking and financial institutions operate in a appropriate period.
During the second reading of the second reading of the second reading of the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following text:
Those delegations expressed the view that the design of existing regional mechanisms and means to avoid unnecessary duplication should also be important in order to ensure unnecessary duplication of the Convention.
The projected growth of emissions in all sectors in 2000 to the end of 2000 is the exception of the “fgressive measure” and waste management.
Note: The list of national code, please see annex.
These rates include the remuneration and office costs of lawyers.
One third one of the total payment of the total payment of the total payment of payment is to be used in the period of the time that the trial phase would be used in the period.
The full text of the briefing is reproduced in the report.
If it is recognized as a organization of terrorism, its assets shall be confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 countries have expressed their support to the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, the right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health is the right to the highest attainable and mental health of children.
Agenda
Definition of forest-related definitions
The preparation process of the present report showed that, although there is a more broad and cost-effective-effective approach to cooperation among developing countries, there was a very wide range of cooperation in cooperation with the development policy.
Many Governments have renounced the concept of the concept of the concept in the Buenos Aires Conference.
The majority of African LDCs expressed the political conflict and the lack of financial resources to increase the major obstacles to South-South cooperation.
UNDP's field staff network has expanded, with the main partners of the major partners, to provide advisory services to the Office of the Parties.
To be able to address terrorism, it is important to focus on the activities of three main nuclear-weapon-related activities in the following three areas of counter-terrorism activities, so that terrorists can prevent terrorist activities (e.g., the use of weapons for terrorist activities, and to ensure that terrorist terrorists are not free, and to ensure that the fight against terrorism is not free, as well as to ensure the implementation of international security measures, as well as to ensure the implementation of international security measures, as well as to ensure the implementation of national security capacity and the capacity-building capacities.
The development of development must be an integral part of international investment agreements in order to support FDI to attract greater FDI and more benefit.
NGOs organized a national chart to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popcucucu said that she wondered the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee also wished to know the training of literacy training and the participation of girls in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is not incompatible with the road map, because it has become a viable, sustained Palestinian State.
Capacity-building.
First session (Part II and second)
The region and the International Development Corporation, Amman, Amman, 1976.
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations for the note of the Secretary-General's note on 14 November 2002 and 14 February 2003 to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, which would be communicated to the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), Mr. Peter Robert, of the International Criminal Court of the Whole.
Resident partners, Malawi's International Accounting Corporation
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance,
For example, port-to-free countries in the private sector have sufficient funds in the high level of the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti), and the implementation of structural adjustment programmes.
Moder Senior Minister
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of a informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21 on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.211.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made by the European Union and agreed in accordance with article 1 and 3 of the Convention.
Financial contracts and reserves
It would be permitted that such a cessation and order to determine the risk of risk of risk, not the termination of these contracts, or after the commencement of the proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest about some of the preliminary investigations of the Office of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, particularly in the maps of maps and forensic reports, that the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate all documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) To develop administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to promote efficient, efficient effectiveness of the administration of justice systems, including through appropriate actions, as appropriate, as appropriate;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is to be submitted in this regard.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists, who are accused of accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Programme of Action on the implementation of the Programme of Action on the implementation of human rights and respect for human rights as an important factor in managing democracy, consolidating democracy and the achievement of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the implementation of the Programme of Action on the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to take all activities in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, in particular the implementation of the report of ECOWAS on the elimination of small arms and light weapons, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution;
Joint Meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Several countries have participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin's participation in harmonization and harmonization, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, in which Nepal participated in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestinian territory
The Committee held a formal meeting (six 20th meeting), which was held in 2003 and held several meetings in 2003.
The Panel has not been unable to provide any direct link between these requirements in the past of Liberia.
Many witnesses reported the Group of Experts that many individuals could be subjected to the prohibition of the prohibition, as they have a foreign nationality or a residence certificate.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in the effectiveness of the project.
The rights of women and women in the global standards and the protection of women and women.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information on the situation of all ethnic groups in the Niger is also provided.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a updated report to address the recommendations of Member States of peacekeeping missions in the amount of the outstanding cash deficit, to be considered by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction the adoption of a draft resolution on the management of the United Nations Convention on the Safety of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and the adoption of a draft resolution on the adoption of a global system on the basis of the draft decision,
Cessation of nuclear arms and nuclear disarmament.
It is essential that we fully support this effort.
More efforts must be made to identify terrorist acts that have not been used by fanatic fanaticism or evil, which are the result of political and economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis N. C. D.E.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
The principle of such principles is more much of the world's world.
What we can do this?
However, there is a number of issues that could not be given a objective of objectivity.
Another threat to international peace and security — you should be correct to address that evaluation — as a result of vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As a few minutes ago, Mr. Mohamed responded, this arrangement would ensure that the functions entrusted with the President of the President are to ensure that the work of the General Assembly is crucial.
These concerns concerns the implementation of land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are not sufficient to secure the poor; some of them are to be compensated for the construction of the road building; and to return to children and the poor.
This fact highlights the need to address the problems and risk analysis of vulnerability and risk analysis, reflecting the need for emergency disaster relief.
The Convention on the Law of Turkmenistan, between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation, was sentenced to the application of the Convention on the Limitation of Prisoners (No.
The above acts have caused death or other major consequences, which shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years.
The following acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 77.
The Director-General of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) established the Chairman and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the Director-General of the United Nations Development Fund?
Only the use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002), which has been adopted by the Government of Iraq, is the first opportunity for the Government of Iraq to continue, immediate and active cooperation with inspections of the disarmament process, but remains far far to the extent that it is to be done, immediate and positive.
What is the meaning of the right to health in the context of law?
The third types of diseases — particularly those of most neglected diseases, and the development and development of the countries of the rich countries, are essentially the development of research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
To promote and promote the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on “terrorist information and assistance services for counter-terrorism and assistance”.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on the number of adult sex groups was conducted in 2002 in 2002.
It was suggested that the existing practice of the use of the draft bill of lading for the use of the bill of lading and “or the ship” in certain types of types of documents were raised.
A general comment was made that the provisions of the draft instrument contained in article 8 of the draft instrument had been repeatedly used in the terms of “A transport or electronic record” and the aim of the aim of addressing the distinction between the transport document and electronic records rather than the content of documentation.
The same concern was expressed about the same concerns of article 12, paragraph 1, and requests that the text should be referred to in the text of the draft article that any rights of any rights under the contract of carriage is the liability of the contract under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument could address other issues that might be addressed by the draft instrument in the form of the draft instrument, such as the question of the question of compensation and loss of reparation, such as the question of loss of compensation and loss of harm (see paras. 25-8 and 26267).
I have the honour to remind the Permanent Missions and observer delegations, which will be closed on Friday, 21 September 2003, at its 8th meeting, on Friday, 21 September 2003, and will be open to the approval of the authorized vehicles.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)
These activities reflect the importance of procurement systems to the global economy of the population and also highlights the need to coordinate the efforts of international agencies in the field of procurement.
In the light of the conclusions of the twelfth session of the SBSTA, the Secretariat will use such information and to improve further methodological work on the quality of data on data reporting, and support the work of the preparation of GHG inventories in Annex I.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the present document and to provide guidance to the Parties and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also demanded that all air traffic must be removed from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the report on livestock and livestock;
The Department of Public Information, entitled “United Nations and decolonization”, was prepared by the Department of Human Rights Affairs in 2001, which is a major focus on the numerous issues of the United Nations and organizations of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, which focused on the role of the United Nations in the work of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the Special Committee's work on the status of the future status of the Territory, and the return of the Territory.
Mr. Reijijo (Cuba) noted that the press published by the Department of Public Information on the public seminar on the Caribbean Regional Seminar was also published by the Department of Public Information on the release of the press.
According to the provisions of the Swiss law, it is fully reasonable for the freezing of assets associated with the assets of individuals and entities associated with Usama Laden, Al-Qaida or Taliban.
In the form of the amendment to the Protocol, EVA is required to be amended.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries to assist countries to assist them in the implementation of relevant resolutions of the United Nations.
Potential options
9.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 56/255 and 57/292, the United Nations Office at Nairobi further strengthened the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Crime to strengthen the budget of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Development (administrative management, Nairobi).
(iii) Booklets, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and maps, print materials and services (1); and joint visits (1);
But the success of the Monterrey Consensus and the success of the success of the Monterrey Consensus depends on a greater vision of global partnerships.
We must now be committed to the spirit of the spirit of partnership between the poor and the rich countries in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial transactions, international trade and stability in countries.
Cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, but the business and business law can play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers for the use of the arbitral proceedings.
Internet and computer technologies are not only in the context of traditional offences (e.g. theft of property, property, property, credit of property, credit cards, etc.) and other offences (such as utilities, energy, transport, transport and communications) and the threat of the business and the Government.
• Measures to ensure free access to all parties to all parties and ensure free access to outer space at the end of the same time;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic growth, poverty and social injustice are a cause of frustration and the root causes of a new conflict, which is a cause of increasing international inequality, democratic stability, stability and peace.
They reiterated once again that the non-Aligned Movement members of the Non-Aligned Movement should seek a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on the basis of the comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons, as well as the non-Aligned Movement members.
The Heads of State or Government of the State of Heads of State has totally opposed to the conditions and pretexts of these issues and to restrict access to markets in developing countries and to restrict technical and multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Board also adopted similar measures in the trade companies.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to make a number of restrictive ballot.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to present this letter as a document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 113.
To this end, the establishment of a independent or court court and the court to provide appropriate procedures for the rights of the person.
Bearing in mind the right of States parties to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to ensure the rights of all individuals under their territory and to the enjoyment of the rights recognized by the Convention,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
A total of $6.5 million would be used for civilian staff, representing $5.5 million for peacekeeping operations.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions have been guided by the guidelines in order to assist the Bank of Thailand.
The violence against women is an essential component of the fight against HIV/AIDS strategies.
(b) To conduct campaigns and to engage in the participation of media and eminent persons, which is a good example of the role of men in the promotion of HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has helped to develop a national population policy and updated census data, which is crucial for the development of the social economic and demographic problems of society.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council of the Central African Republic, Mr. Jean-Mavo, the National Coordinator of the National Coordinator of the National Union of Guinea-Bissau, Mr. Peter B.org.
- Act No. 70/99 of 20 March 1970 on the financial regulations of the capital administration;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus to the letter (see annex).
As a result, the Advisory Group also expressed support for the support of Guinea-Bissau in Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings of the CRIC
All affected countries have discussed the implementation of the UNCCD implementation.
At the first session of the CRIC, in November 2002, in Rome, Italy held a consultative meeting to provide further measures for the analysis and results of the analysis of the findings and proposals for regional cooperation in regional cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendations of Ambassador A/62 Amorim on the implementation of a settlement of armaments in the framework of strengthening monitoring and verification mechanisms.
Several representatives commended the Executive Director of the Executive Director on the comprehensive comprehensive and comprehensive implementation of the proposed programme of work.
The Committee is scheduled to consider the item in paragraph 2 above, on Tuesday, 8 April 2003, to consider the item in paragraph 2 above.
Ensuring the security security of information in information and telecommunications systems, which is a major factor for ensuring security, national sovereignty and national development, as well as social development.
Decides that the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) is a first-month period to support the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and in accordance with the proposed options of the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General, and to cooperate with France and the ECOWAS forces in the field of military components;
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 1460 (2003), it is requested to take into account the recruitment or use of child-affected parties in accordance with the international obligations of the child or to use the child;
The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. President, on 21 January, made a strong support to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, on the basis of a strong support for our initiative, and he is very encouraging that we have been able to adopt the proposal.
“In the report of the annual session 2001, I have seen a sense of silence.
Children remains the main victim of the conflict.
In 1999, my Special Representative had been committed to the RUF, allowing the Government to seek and release the abduction of children and children in humanitarian purposes, while the defence of the civilian defence forces had not been forced to recruit child soldiers and their commitment to demobilization.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the question of “the era of implementation”, and requests to submit specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of the territory of Iraq, there has been a difficult time in difficult time.
In Japan, my country will be actively committed to the fulfilment of its responsibilities to fulfil its responsibilities in order to find a solution to the challenges facing the international community.
It is not a problem of disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of the Council's decision, the Council set out that the claimant's claim for the claim of the claimant is to take reasonable steps to reduce the loss of loss of loss, which would be reasonable to the reasonable loss of loss.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in the management and management of United Nations military personnel, civilian police and civilian personnel and the deployment and management of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is one of the main considerations, because the poor's family is not equal opportunities for equal education, or in some cases.
If migrants did not meet the time of time, the right to social benefits may endanger the rights of migrants and the return of migrants to the host country.
The expansion of urban migration has resulted in the promotion of the interests of indigenous peoples in many years, and it has resulted in relations with traditional areas.
In the Latin American and Caribbean countries, the majority of older persons are often particularly vulnerable to their abandonment, and they are particularly vulnerable to the labour market, and that many people who have left the labour market will be able to have lost material.
This legal framework is not to protect traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, because indigenous peoples emphasized the common ownership of their full resources.
The international cooperation between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the implementation and implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Public Education and Research
As explained in the report of the present report, the Council will be subject to the preparation of the claim for the submission of the claim.
In the case of a claim, compensation was sought for the payment of the goods in Iraq's goods in the sale of the sale of goods in a third third State.
/ E2(3) (see para. 82 (ii) (see paras. 40 (a) of the report of the report) and (c) paragraphs 94 to 966.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to refer to the decision of the International Court of Justice on Honduras's decision on Honduras, which was submitted to the President of the United Nations on 30 April 2003, as a document of the United Nations Organization of American States (OAS) to assist the technical expert in El Salvador and the Security Council.
UNHCR assisted the full housing of refugees, especially women and women, and that such families constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unff.org/items/c/ww.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting the multilateral trading system, identifying the development of trade and development issues in South-South countries, with developing countries to develop and develop national trade policies in multilateral trade negotiations.
The specific circumstances referred to in the above above is to be given to the complexity and details of the request in each specific circumstances, which may not be able to meet the schedule of the proposed time.
The largest trade partners of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Morocco, Morocco, Oman, Oman, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall has a serious human rights issue.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to be built, while existing settlements continue to grow.
Report of the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Mahbubani (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to note that my country wishes to join consensus on the draft resolution on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance, but that it does not mean that the concept of the draft resolution should not be addressed in the context of the work of the Organization, such as “Protection of protection” and the principles of the draft resolution, as well as the principles of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations in the framework of the work of the Organization, as well as the principles of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraph 3 to 8 contains comments on the completion of the completion strategy of the Tribunal.
Table 6 (para. 45) provides a increase in income for income in the amount of $1,3.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be achieved without economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We are aware of the United Nations Treaty Treaty on the Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
With regard to the terrorist acts of such groups and individuals, such as those acts, the State should not exercise the inherent legitimate right of self-defence and that unilateral action may be a global war, because the innocent innocent civilians may die from war.
It is not possible to avoid the most important problems of this law to define this law.
In the most recent countries, the Government's campaign on the financing of the Government was encouraged to encourage voters to vote.
In Ghana, close relations between the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Strategy (PRSPs) is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goals.
Since the country has been a chemical-based project on the drug control of drug abuse, the country has developed the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) for new draft legislation.
In this context, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to approve the establishment of a post-service health insurance scheme.
The meeting heard a overview of the comprehensive presentation of the report of the country assessment and the progress made in the implementation of the report, and the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, and the challenges faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action.
The meeting was informed that some research projects were carried out in the areas of biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
The regional presence in the region is to address law enforcement measures at the Pacific Forum.
The objective should be to build a management mechanism in the context of the use of exploration activities, as well as the creation of a sound management mechanism.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The initial report of the preliminary report on the follow-up to special children in the period since May 2002 has made a total and regional situation; a focus on the actions undertaken in four main main areas; and calls for further efforts to achieve “World Fit for Children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Governments of the Government, non-governmental organizations and the regional civil society organizations and urged them to contribute to the opportunities of children and young people.
Noting that the international community has increasingly recognized all forms of terrorism and the negative enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as the negative effects of the rule of law and democracy,
GIOC International Research Group
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 561 of 12 September 2001 and resolution 57/27 of 19 November 2002, and the resolution of the General Assembly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism against 11 September 2001, and also condemns the heinous terrorist acts of terrorism, and recalling that the Security Council, in its resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, also condemned the attacks on international cooperation and combating terrorism, and recalling the attack on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict operations have become key elements of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision of the Secretary-General has been proposed by the Secretary-General to allocate the Fifth Committee to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses sustainable capacity on biotechnology technologies.
The new biotechnology could complement these existing technologies and improve the effectiveness of these techniques.
The financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be addressed in the next visit of the two missions.
The efforts of all nuclear-weapon States in all nuclear-weapon States will ultimately lead to the eventual elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the social dimension requires all refugees, groups and communities of the community, who have become a act to participate in planning and decision-making.
It will review more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the Convention, and to promote the work of the work programme of the country in cooperation with voluntary agreements.
However, this does not apply to a reasonable reason that the refugees who pose a threat to security is a threat to the protection of a person who is committed to a serious serious offence.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to ensure that the education of their children is to ensure the education of their children;
In many parts of the world, the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslav Republic of Yugoslavia and Asia and Asia, Africa and South-West Asia have resulted in numerous ethnic and religious violence.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
Nepal's health services is based on integrated primary health and treatment treatment systems.
In addition, the health sector has also taken new actions.
For example, at the policy level, the senior female staff is only less than 2.4.2 per cent (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels have steadily increased (table 5).
In the secondary school, the net enrolment rate of girls in the ages of 13 to 13 years increased to 72.2 per cent in the age of the age, and that more than 2 per cent of the age of the group were denied access to access to education.
Armenia's Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Public Administration of Public Relations and Financial Services in Employment Services, K. cit.
It is regrettable that, after the occupation of the occupation, bloodshed and the international legitimacy of international legitimacy, Israel had not been aware of the fact that peace will depend on the implementation of the Security Council resolutions on the conflict of Arab conflict, and almost 600 resolutions on the same issue, and that all resolutions of the Security Council, which are not contrary to international law.
We are also not able to adjust our policies on threats.
The United Nations seeks to support its full support to Iraq's stability, democracy and reconstruction, and I also commend the United Nations staff with a courageous and prosperous work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through objective and reasonable implementation of this opportunity, rather than through a heavy or fragmented campaign, nor the use of a large military regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all members of the Authority to provide voluntary contributions to the Trust Fund in other areas.
In that regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the Secretary-General's report (A/57/184) that it is clear that it is clear that the measures taken by States have not yet been taken to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic, which is not sufficient to reduce the negative impact of the epidemic.
The progress report on the United Nations Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and International Trade Services (E/CN.3/2004/11) is currently currently available.
In accordance with rule 93 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft agenda for its forty-third session and to submit the list of documents for consideration.
This initiative is a model for other countries of the world, which should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/30)
In his written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi referred to the recent socio-economic situation in the country since 1993.
In his written and oral statements, the Central African Republic stated that its serious economic and social problems were in place, partly because of the fact that the internal conflict and the security problems still exist.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively with the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution would not be a new budget.
The innovative approach to TCDC and microfinance (including the resources of donors and other sources in the country's Government, triangular arrangements)
Fifty-eighth session
Introduction
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(e) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.11]:
(a) Develop national legislation, policies and action plans to strengthen and strengthen national government institutions, including the appointment of members of the Special Rapporteur, as well as the independent Commissioner for the Rights of the Child;
See resolution 55/2.
It was said that it is more clear to avoid a more visible issue of e-commerce and no important objective of the draft resolution.
The Working Group took note of the draft proposal and agreed that it could be considered at the later stage.
As at today, the private sector and the private sector fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which has increased additional benefits in many countries, which are increasingly deepening in the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as energy projects, to enhance the capacity of African countries to respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of better management and strengthening monitoring and monitoring systems, CPC has more focused on the performance of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization's role in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of Member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress in progress, and that it is a peaceful settlement of the peaceful settlement and the withdrawal of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of Sierra Leone police
One of the words of the plan has been followed by several occasions, carefully, carefully and comprehensive.
This would allow the need to re-establish a predictable environment, which restrictions on the confidence of investors.
Turks and Caicos Islands, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the Government of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the United Nations for his tireless work on the peace of Côte d'Ivoire and to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and to make every effort to provide their personal and the Organization.
We join the United Nations Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism and the Convention on the Prohibition of Terrorism.
The Kosovo Parliament adopted on 13 March.
(g) Conscientiation of conscientious objection 13 - 404
Noting that despite progress in the implementation of the settlement plan, despite progress,
Welcoming the proclamation of General Assembly resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda on Dialogue among Civilizations and invites States, organizations of the United Nations system and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate and to submit a interim report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to provide all replies to all of the official languages of the United Nations in the present report;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cooperate with the Governments of the United Nations, in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to convene a consultative meeting with all Member States, intergovernmental organizations and the Economic and Social Council in consultative status to the Economic and Social Council, in order to complete the text of the draft principles and guidelines for the purposes of the right to reparation of the right to reparation, as well as to the President-Rapporteur of the Ad Hoc Meeting of the High-ended Consultative Meeting, as well as the adoption of the guidelines on the principles and guidelines of the President of the High-ended Consultative Meeting, as well as by the Chairperson of the independent expert, as well as the adoption of the guidelines on the principles and guidelines;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by many countries of the world in establishing a democratic society in order to achieve the better enjoyment of civil rights, political rights, social rights and cultural rights in many countries of the world;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and human displaced persons (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to request paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, which is expected to hold a seminar for extrabudgetary resources and activities at the sixty-first session of the Commission, in order to explore the practical methods and activities of the effective management practices of human rights in the context of the effective strengthening of human rights in the effective management of human rights; and
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the development of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the development of human rights and fundamental freedoms, as well as the importance of sustainable development for all people;
Decides to continue consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
The people of Somalia, despite the difficulties faced in the north of Somalia, has still been able to achieve a stable and stable peace and stability, and to make satisfaction with the basic services,
2003.12 Prevention of the human rights violations of small arms and light weapons
The law is based on Commission resolutions 2002 2002 2002 2002 and 2003/33, 2003/18, 2003/19 and 2003/20 and 2003/223, 2003/223, 2003/273, 2003/273, 2003/273, 2003/27 and 2003/444.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of the fifty-ninth session.
The death penalty (resolution 2003/677)
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Methods of work of the Committee (decision 2003/101)
We commit ourselves to achieve that the current marginalization of the current marginalization and the integration of developing countries in the global economy are useful.
The provision of emergency medical costs under the current methodology would be retained.
Bearing in mind the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects a substantial savings in this period.
Nevertheless, this remains a great opportunity for a great opportunity, the international community, in the World Summit on Sustainable Development, set out a comprehensive issue of sustainability in the World Summit on Financing for Development in Monterrey, in Monterrey and international cooperation for financing for development.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise in the implementation of its existing resources, in accordance with its existing resources;
It is also recognized that the implementation of programmes to implement programmes at the regional and subregional levels require greater transparency and predictability in financial and technical support.
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing that the World Conference on Human Rights had adopted the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries, so that the efforts of those Governments to achieve full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of those countries,
Recognizing that the promotion and protection of the right to cultural life and the promotion of cultural identity in the process of globalization is a key element of the promotion and promotion of cultural cultural identities;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a annual report to the General Assembly on its activities under its terms of reference to the General Assembly and to submit a interim report to the General Assembly;
Interpretation: The Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs, ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ECLAC; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; United Nations Conference on Economic and Social Development; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Human Settlements Programme: United Nations Human Settlements Programme.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic reporting report referred to in paragraph 12 of the Final Document of the 2000 Final Document is a important confidence-building measure in the entire NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the entire international community is the responsibility of the entire international community that UNRWA should continue to provide their services until the time that they are able to provide services.
- “5.5.6” Replace: “5.55”
The twentieth anniversary of the twentieth anniversary of the twentieth anniversary of the twentieth anniversary of the International Court of War, which was acquitted, was acquitted, and to maintain a life of a accused for a accused of six months, and a period of six months for the six months.
The provisions of the labour legislation are protected.
Requests the Secretary-General to entrust the secretariat of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to the Secretariat of the Parties to the Convention and to the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to work with the United Nations field field offices and OHCHR offices in the field of human rights mandates, using the unique status of the ground and improve the flow of information on the situation of missing disappearances.
During the reporting period, the Working Group was unable to respond to the outstanding cases of outstanding cases in its working methods.
According to allegations, cases of disappearance are the wide powers of the security forces in the defence forces, particularly in the Act on the Prevention and Separation of Terrorism and the Law Act and the public security Act, and the absence of other normal safeguards in criminal law.
The Bureau will discuss this matter in the near future to address the best implementation of the issues raised in your resolution.
On the basis of the following assumptions, the subprogramme will be expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: all members and associate members of the United Nations, in order to monitor the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, to monitor the goals contained in the Millennium Declaration and to provide adequate resources for the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Declaration.
(vi) Review of high-level intergovernmental meetings on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the outcomes of regional and regional outcomes:
The legal law of inheritance, marriage and donations is also as follows.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have a obligation to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, liberty and security of persons, and reaffirms their obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification of the European Charter of the European Social Charter in November 2000 and the 1994 Protocol of the European Union and the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that the reform of the rural sector in the area of agriculture is particularly serious in the areas of the agricultural sector.
The promotion of the rights of teachers as reflected in international labour standards will enable Governments to promote a genuine partnership with Governments to achieve the realization of education objectives.
Any action taken under the jurisdiction of the State party should not be given to the ability of another State to achieve the realization of the right to water.
According to this objective, the Commission adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food to the right to adequate food (see annex I), which should be based on the framework of a framework for the implementation of the International Code of Conduct for adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development links, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In collaboration with the United Nations Programme of Action, the Human Rights Movement has completed a press campaign to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Human Rights Declaration.
(d) Symposium on International Training Division in New York, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile on the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To observe impunity and ensure that human rights violations and international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Navanan (Armenia) said that children were the core of the development goals of the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to prevent the spread of the epidemic, in particular the least developed countries and least developed countries, to prevent the effects of the epidemic and to reduce the adverse effects of the human rights of persons with disabilities;
(b) Strengthening cooperation with Member States and the United Nations programmes, funds and relevant regional organizations and relevant regional organizations and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations, and requests to assist the implementation of the outcome of the twenty-first special session;
Cuba's lack of progress in the implementation of the provisions of the provisions of this article has been expressed by Cuba, which is the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
V. G. F. W. W. W. G. G. G. G. F. F. F. New Trade Bank, The World Trade Initiative, Geneva, 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
As part of the European Union, the United Kingdom has voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1 entitled “Comprehensive settlement of Palestine”.
The Committee notes that, in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004 in Santiago, the International Space Centre in Santiago was held in Santiago, which will be held in Latin America and the Office for Outer Space Affairs in Latin America.
The seminar discussed the role of national focal points and national coordination bodies, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national laws and legislative procedures, the import and export control systems, storage records and records and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Constitution of Guatemala provides the following:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that there was a wide range of ideas for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide.
According to the definition of the above definition, some of the women's access to employment in Spain were 155,000, which were women, and almost 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBB, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the percentage of the tax tax, which was based on the percentage of the salary of the salary required in the first year.
It is also destroyed that more than 23 hectares of cannabis were destroyed.
There will be a high priority for the promotion and implementation of the human rights of women in the context of the United Nations Declaration on the Peace and Development of Women in the context of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Development of the United Nations in the context of the various ages of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Development.
If it is appropriate, they can only seek domestic law and to continue to seek their interests or remedies.
“In reality, it is difficult to say that a country's property in its territory is free and free.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the case of personal names in the Barcelona Traction company (case No. 14, Judgment), p. 596.
In respect of any offence under this article, the State party shall expedite the process of extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements of the extradition procedure.
The conclusion and implementation of agreements or arrangements should be fully respected in full compliance with the principle of sovereignty of States, which should strictly comply with such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See the Proliferation Initiative in the Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the special working group established by the Ad Hoc Working Group during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee was not to be included in the definition of “international civil society”, since the reference of the term was clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory formulations.
The concept of the concept contained in this paragraph is also being discussed.
During the second reading of the second reading of the second reading of the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, there is still a need to retain a full national policy on the development of the development goals.
The Working Group of Experts on International Accounting and Reporting submitted the report of the Group of Experts on the nineteenth session of the Group of Experts.
Report of the United Nations Development Programme
Issues relating to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly mainly to the decrease of official travel, but there is no training for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to travel the travel of the Mission in the field of administrative and technical issues, as well as the number of technical meetings for the period in 2004/07.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, the Committee has not been asked to take a decision on the question, which was not requested by Sweden in violation of its obligations under article 3 or other provisions of the Convention, more than it was not requested to decide whether he had been subjected to torture.
(b) The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Uganda and the armed groups of the six armed groups, to be established by the Ituri Commission on Ituri, held in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003;
(e) The knowledge management and human resources of a new pricing system as appropriate.
As a result, it is important that the illicit trade of diamonds in the illicit trade of the illicit trade in the countries of Cuba, which had been considered by some countries in many countries, and the need to bring our country's efforts to achieve peace and security in the affected countries have been very satisfactory.
The Chairman of the Executive Board of the Ministry of Legal Affairs of the Ministry of Legal Affairs of the Ministry of Legal Affairs, 1999-2006.
1994-1997 The National Women's Education and Electoral Affairs Council.
• Act on the Abortion of Abortion:
The purpose of the purpose of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources and improve agricultural productivity.
In the second year, it was announced that a anti-drug campaign was launched.
“In 2004-2005: The use of the system of the system to meet the needs of all personnel to meet the needs of all personnel and the deployment and deployment of the
With respect to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (resolutions 1955 and the Convention on Mutual Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters” was signed on 29 September 2000.
It would be possible to describe a certain approach to the use of sanctions in languages and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the exchange of views on the implementation and adoption of targeted sanctions issues, and a high-level dialogue on the implementation of the United Nations Convention on Financial Arms and the United Nations Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure in Bonn, the United Nations Secretariat, the United Nations Secretariat, the United Nations Secretariat, the United Nations Secretariat and civil society.
In the light of the adoption of the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some respects.
Mr. K. K. H. Z. (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): In the five five years, the majority of the five thirds of the world had still lived in isolation, while the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was the foundation for development and codification of human rights.
In the context of the broader context, paragraphs 15 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action does not mention the experience of many individuals and their children, and the development of the community's development, as well as the development of the community's development, as well as the fact that the community has not been able to explore some aspects of racism, as well as the fact that the international community can be ready to address the past anniversary, as well as in many aspects of the history of the history of the past.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-sixth and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Government informed that the Muraahah Zududiri was released on 4 September 2003.
It was also established that the Human Rights Council is responsible for investigating human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment of the African Union Committee for the Great Lakes region for the Great Lakes region.
The international community therefore supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all peace and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
The Refugee Commissioner reiterated the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration and reiterated UNHCR's continued efforts to strengthen cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly briefly the need to continue to strengthen cooperation between non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Klein wrote to Mr. Klein, for the direct meeting.
In addition, as a result of the presentation of Mr. Klein, it would be possible that it would not be necessary to ensure that the Treaty remains valid and the new patterns of the implementation of the Agreement, which would also apply to the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the territorial integrity, integrity and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, including the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on the impact of the globalization of women and hoped that the issue of the development assistance in Canada would be considered and hoped that Canada supported research in the area.
Convention on the Law of L-O-Tirm.
English
(c) In the light of a mixture of the chemical agent, a mixture of the chemical is less than 20 per cent, in the near-line-to-entry-based fire, which shall be conducted in the field of space-based space-based fire;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are a part of flexible programming programmes, which aims at all levels of measures aimed at achieving the objectives of the overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the critical escalation of Israel's actions, which could lead to the situation in the region, and the process of peace in the region is calm.
I would like to give further information on the request of Ambassador F.
After the debate on the debate held in March 2000 and October 2002, the Constitution of the Democratic Republic of Georgia, and the Syrian Arab Republic, was formally amended and the Constitution was amended.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reaffirms its support to the efforts of the United Nations to self-determination of self-determination in accordance with paragraphs 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was presented by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and, in his visit to the Special Rapporteur, to respond favourably to the request of the Special Rapporteur to enable him to carry out more effectively, in this regard, and welcomes the efforts of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
The resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, has steadily completed the programming process and the simplification of integrated processes, and streamlining procedures in many countries, in which the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the development of the development goals of the country.
Voluntary contributions have been made to provide voluntary contributions in accordance with the specific operational, mandate and scope of various organizations.
• Percentage of primary government expenditure in the central government, as well as the percentage of expenditure in the Central Government
In addition, the promotion of a wide range of opportunities for the promotion of the population is being published, such as the principle of the principle of the principle of the Universal Principles, which was prepared by international agencies and non-governmental organizations in Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They demonstrate that the actions of the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters can help to alleviate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan hoped that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office for Coordination and Coordination should further improve ways, such as the Consolidated Appeal Process more effectively to address the crisis.
With regard to the protection of the people's health and health in the areas of living areas, there is no degree of uncertainty in that regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council for this request.
However, in the absence of intense controversy in the social community, it was released on five days.
They have been victims of serious violence against women in the formal security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon, indicating that the people's support to the justice system will be the fear of the people of the judiciary.
(a) Preparation of a new analysis of the identification of a laboratory analysis, toxicology and biological psychology, and a list of the natural and/or laboratory;
On behalf of the United Nations Television Association for the Information Society of the United Nations, the Fund established the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Foundation for the purpose of the Fund's activities in the United Nations Headquarters to the United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to increase the number of scholarships provided for such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA organized the Group's Group on Young Young Young Youth Coordinator, which was distributed together with youth partners, and a global advocacy initiative — a global youth initiative aimed at preventing HIV infection in young people.
On the basis of the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended the Government of Denmark to develop the proposed programme of resources for resource mobilization (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15.
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting.
She reminded the Working Group's view that the Working Group would be considered to be considered at the current session, but it was not necessary to make a final decision.
At its 7th plenary meeting, the Executive Secretary announced that the Secretary-General had brought to the attention of the Secretariat in the English English, French and Spanish, as well as the text of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations.
Further information are also available to the web site: www.un.org.org (in “noter””).
In its consideration of its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be taken to be responsible and good management.
The representative of Costa Rica also expressed its appreciation for the organization of the training organization.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 1)
No documents were made under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the Conference.
The experts presented a briefing on the protection and protection of human rights.
This model would also confirm that the Department of Public Information is working with other ministries, offices and the United Nations system organizations, and the Department's functions are closely closely closely with the media, the United Nations and civil society partners, and to improve, improve, disseminate and disseminate.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Public Information Office
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The seminar held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 discussed a workshop on money-laundering in the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the area of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, on the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the relevant resolutions and resolutions of the United Nations on the decolonization of decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers that efforts must be made to ensure that the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization is widely disseminated and special attention should be given to the right to self-determination of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Hana (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used “two gender equality” in the first time of the Special Rapporteur's proposal, and she asked whether there was a number of gender-based sexual orientation, or the Special Rapporteur was not merely a sexual orientation of individual individuals.
Accordingly, if a member of the Member States will be provided to the interpretation of the language or language of the language, the delegation would have to assume the relevant costs.
WFP provided the basic English knowledge for all circumstances, while UNFPA provides that the English is a real requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information and Services Services and Services Services (UNIS) is the original version of the new languages of the field field offices.
Arabic: Arabic; Chinese; English; English; French; French; E; India; Germany; Germany; Germany; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation; Russian Federation: Russian Federation;
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, section IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for services services, travel and subsistence allowance.
(b) The proposed medium-term plan for the period 2001-2006 (see document E/ICEF/2003/L/L.74), including a programme of resources for regular resources in the amount of $11.5 million in the preparation of the Executive Board.
10.10 Provision of extrabudgetary resources to finance field offices in the field of technical cooperation is important to facilitate their normative responsibilities to promote its normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that the State party strengthen effective measures to coordinate and promote family and professional responsibilities and to promote family responsibility for women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of inequality and women's access to labour in the labour market, which is limited to their income and wages in agricultural sector and informal sectors.
She indicated that a number of major actions to combat the spread of the epidemic, including the publication and promulgation of anti-AIDS and HIV-AIDS legislation, provide the development of the HIV/AIDS and control programmes for HIV/AIDS.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee commends the Government of the Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women in order to promote equal equality of women, including the revised revision of the Canadian Human Rights Law, but also seriously concerned that women's women still face systematic discrimination.
However, progress has been made to identify the progress made in preventing violence against women and violence.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women, justice and public and public and public and public justice are provided to women enforcement officials.
The Committee expresses concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in the next report.
Family responsibility have been recognized to be part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
Lithuania's legislation on arms and military materiel are amended as amended by the Act No. 179 Coll of military supplies.
These general principles are contained in annex I to the General Assembly, entitled “Report of the general principle” (see para.
With respect to paragraphs 27 to 277, 2822222 and 29299, the invoices provided invoices and the shipment of goods, but no information has been provided.
In April, the SAC's claim for the maintenance of equipment and equipment is $45 per cent of the value of the purchase of equipment.
(b) The SAC's Project project project: retention of the payment of payment (No.
The claim refers to the charges incurred by the Iraqi Government's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, including travel and communications fees.
Accordingly, the Panel considered the loss of loss of profits, indirect loss of loss, loss of tangible property, the loss of funds, other losses and interest, totalling $24,2373.
As evidence of the claim that the claim has failed to provide such specific items or no claim, it is suggested that the claimant's claim to the claimant shall provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (article 152).
As a result, the preparation of the pledge is to be issued and the provision of security arrangements must be required for the purposes of the holder.
Cambodia will continue to do so to ensure that poverty alleviation remains a priority priority.
Mr. Pijj (Thailand) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of national development strategies in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session provides valuable guidance for developing countries in the development of rural development, which provided a detailed discussion on the development of operational financing for development operations.
(see also http://www.unfccc.int/S/index/index.htm/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or acts of mercenary activities, regardless of those options, are a threat to peace, security, security and the right of peoples to self-determination, as a threat to the enjoyment of human rights,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia have joined the sponsors.
Contents
It is also possible to extend the effective period of force to 31 December 2005.
We will continue to work on the recommendations contained in the report of the Security Council on Human Rights.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response of those responsible for those responsible is to participate in the work of the work of the Commission, rather than to the Committee.
We believe that the appointment of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues in the cluster cluster.
Otherwise, the outcome of the elections is likely to only be used through the use of political opponents through the use of the force.
During the past, UNIFEM has increased significantly in the areas of the area of strategic and operational planning in 2000-2003.
The strategic framework of the strategic framework contained below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programmes, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the insurgency of the RUF, it is difficult that the Government of Sierra Leone is able to preserve the integrity of the territorial integrity of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia has supported the prohibition of Liberia in Liberia in Liberia, in the light of the fact that ECOWAS has been implemented in Liberia on the issue of trade in small arms.
By the same time, he granted a temporary return to Côte d'Ivoire, which would provide a passport to the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and institutions should support the implementation of United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly seems to be improved in this regard, but it is clear that it has been committed to all terrorist acts.
Ms. No.org (Morocco) said that, although the Constitution of Morocco recognizes the right to work, the right to work was not difficult in the absence of the lack of the right to work in the economic and lack of social democracy.
At the end of the life period, the quality of alpha-HCH is inaccurate to be inaccurate to show that the success of the success rate was to be reduced by 90 per cent per cent, and to the extent that there is a need to reduce the conditions of life.
All parties must apply these measures.
The global trend on the market of the geostationary market, which will be taken by satellite operators, will be taken into the region in the region of the geostationary orbit.
Chapter ___
In UNCTAD, cooperation in the field of technical cooperation and capacity-building in the field of technical cooperation and capacity-building in UNCTAD's expertise will be strengthened.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional or sub-office, which should be established by the United Nations in the establishment or possible of regional offices or offices, particularly in the regional offices and resident coordinators.
In the light of the foregoing, the general insurance insurance for the biennium 2004-2005 is $77,77,000, and the general insurance insurance for United Nations property in the biennium 2000-2001 is $1,808,000.
The result of the outcome of the official system system is expected to increase.
All at the United Nations Office at Geneva were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 4 of the Covenant requires the progress made by States parties to the implementation of the rights and enjoyment of rights and to report on any possible impact and difficulties on the implementation of the Convention.
It is regrettable that, since the establishment of the Commission, delays has been very serious.
A clear definition of national policies in the field of military commanders should be clearly articulated, and the lack of excessive use of force should be conducted by a independent body.
c The Committee has before it the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname in the context of the report of the Committee at its seventy-sixth session.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Response Assessment Strategy (UNDR) system coordinated humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have taken policy policies to create the development of a community's development and the aim of ensuring the necessary environmental environment to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has created a network of food, production, water and vegetable production.
With regard to the problems mentioned in Agenda 21, such as safe water and clean, modern energy services, such as safe water and clean energy services.
We encourage both countries to complete its common border demarcation.
Particular attention was expressed to the current conflict in Colombia, which affects the conflict of African descent and indigenous communities, which called for the commitment of the international and international organizations to address the problem.
In order to assist the Working Group to clarify various policy options, a independent study has been made to be introduced in the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to extend my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Uganda's Democratic Representative of Uganda, who expressed his appreciation for the excellent work of his President and the excellent guidance for our work.
One important element of the reform proposed would reduce our statement and will be distributed to the new version of the declaration.
Mr. K.org (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to express my delegation's appreciation to the President of the First Committee on the First First Committee, the Disarmament and International Security Council.
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare a analytical report on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the next session of the Working Group on the effective implementation of the relevant international standards and instruments of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to assist the Working Group to provide additional international standards to assist the Working Group to complete the implementation of the international standards;
Each State Party shall take into account the seriousness of the legal system in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national legal system, taking into account the seriousness of a procedure, in order to establish a procedure in accordance with the law of the Court or any appropriate means in accordance with the provisions of the law in accordance with the provisions of the law of the Court;
If such agreements or arrangements may be agreed, such a joint investigation could be agreed on a case basis.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States have not changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to convene intersessional consultations on the basis of the first report of the SBSTA on the Global Climate Observing System (IPCC) at the end of the twelfth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, the preservation and promotion of fundamental rights and people remains a sacred responsibility.
It requires the parties and the international community to help help it grow.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework on landmines, the instrument of the explosive remnants of unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to the efforts of a post-conflict approach.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not implemented massive investigations, marking or mine operations.
We will continue to support the international instruments of the United Nations, in the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, and to continue to support international instruments that have not yet been adopted by anti-personnel mines.
unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “International cooperation in the implementation of the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects” (A/C.1/59/L.46/Rev.1 of 22 October 2003).
South Africa's national policy based on small arms policies and the level of follow-up approaches have identified the importance of the regional approach to the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative operative operative operative operative operative operative operative operative paragraph 4, we have a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate the collective efforts of the United Nations system, in accordance with national policies and priorities,
The agreement has been signed with the most important national campaign to promote the partnership between non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, the participation of non-governmental organizations and other partners, such as national professionals, non-governmental organizations, the Philippines, the Philippines and Senegal, with a view to the establishment of a regional commission in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at the meeting of the Council, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the above resolution, was established as a subsidiary committee of the subsidiary bodies of the Governing Council, which was established by the Council.
We will have our own, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is waiting for today.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (Ethiopia)
Negative security assurances is the non-nuclear-weapon States to guarantee the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts have not functioning, most of the most basic facilities were destroyed or looted.
There will also be training on the provision of integrated logistics concepts.
I would like to commend all those who have made valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The voter registration of a permanent residence certificate for the date of the elections is the right of the Government to participate in the administrative branch of the local government in its final registration.
Similarly, women are studying special education courses and access to gender constraints, such as sexual and mental development, and the development of social and social skills for special needs, and the education of women in general terms of labour.
The fact that the current social security system is based on the fact that social workers have become a prerequisite for social security.
According to the “social security” Act, there has been over 12 months in the Republic of Latvia, but there are no less than 60 months of age, the total of the three months of the age of Latvia, non-citizens, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons, and the right to social insurance insurance for persons with disabilities are entitled by the State.
Currently, Latvia's family allowance for children born by 1 January 1999 is the first sentence of the first sentence, the second marriage of 25 per cent in Latvia, or more than 20 per cent, or more than 20 per cent, or more than 20 per cent, in Latvia, in Latvia, and to increase up.
Disarmament continues to be key to the peace process in the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan has also funded the United Nations-finding mission on the item in the year.
The general rule of law apply to the effective conditions of the law of the law of treaties, in particular in relation to the general nature of the law of the law of treaties, and in particular recognition of national behaviour.
In particular, the question is whether the State may consider unilateral amendments, suspension or withdrawal.
Parties referred to the gaps and difficulties associated with the various gaps and difficulties related to greenhouse gas mitigation.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve the procurement measures in their respective mandates, in particular to improve the registration procedures of registered vendors within the United Nations system, inter alia, the use of Internet and the availability of procurement information on the Internet and its web site;
I will then revert to this issue later.
My delegation therefore wishes to reiterate once again once again the best call for the best use of its positive impact on this goal.
The process of democratic transition in the Great Lakes region, which is in the Great Lakes region, has also made progress in the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
However, any situation could not prevent the new Great Lakes of the new Great Lakes countries to other countries in Uganda and Tanzania, and their interests are closely linked to the interests of the Great Lakes region.
We note with great progress in the work of the draft resolution on the question of this issue.
In the context of health care and sustainable development, the Plan called for developing countries to provide affordable energy for rural communities, particularly in order to reduce the use of traditional fuel sources, as well as the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders ensure the promotion of local and administrative reforms to improve rural women's access to resources (especially, the heritage of the heritage, the heritage of the heritage and the benefits of services and benefits.
Several Member States have submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the high-level segment addresses the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms the international cooperation in combating terrorism and its national actions in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and related international conventions;
In the auspices of Germany, this debate will be further pursued in the Bonn Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of the arms embargo and the design and implementation of sanctions on travel and aviation.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS looks forward to this visit to meet the right of all States to fulfil their obligations, thereby in order to fully implement the actions of self-government arrangements.
Mr. Hampson (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this issue in this regard, as well as the participation of my colleague in Australia, as well as the participation of the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will continue to provide assistance to those efforts.
The devastating consequences of the devastating effects of the devastating effects of small arms in Côte d'Ivoire, which had been in the north of South Islands in Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the transition group is to provide additional commitments to the Palestinian people in the Bougainville people, which is provided by the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“What!
The United Nations plays a role in the international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased informal, man and distance education programmes.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address the issue in the context of the workload of the workload, which is expected to ensure the quality of translation of all official languages in all official languages.
He responded to some specific issues that it was working on the issue of natural disaster flows in the work of the business negotiations and the ratification process.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel continues to call on the United Nations and the international community to cease its cessation of violations and aggression against the acts of aggression and acts of aggression, ignoring the risk and consequences of such actions in Lebanon, and that these actions continue to be subjected to the destruction of Lebanese civilians and the destruction of weapons.
Palau
Sir
In this regard, the rules of international trade regimes should take into account the negative impact of the policy on poverty and land degradation.
The Mission has developed a new United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen the progress and reporting capacity of the implementation of the Millennium Development Agreement in the future.
The Group of African States is closely linked to transnational networks, and the authorities of the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to implement strict controls to combat types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000) and 1390 (2002), the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002) continue to be included in the list of activities and other groups associated with Al-Qaida.
It is gratifying to note that it had made some recommendations that had been made in this regard, in particular the implementation of the assistance of aid funds and the development mechanism, which had been adopted by others.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Tourism was held in the subregion in March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consideration of issues, the promotion of national, regional and international cooperation and identified the challenges of future challenges.
Almost 10,000 people have participated in this meeting, which is the main objective of the Conference's main objectives, in particular those of the regional preparatory meetings, in particular those who have not been able to facilitate experiences and exchange of experiences.
Annan
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements in different sub-items may reflect relevant and cross-cutting issues.
The Office of Somalia has a effective and strategic mobilization of resources at the national level, with the foundation for further development in more stable conditions.
As a result of the establishment of the strategic resource reserve for the future new missions, this area has been achieved in this area.
The following information:
The view was that the application of legal law is essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on these issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidates
However, his delegation believed that the decision on reservations and deletion of the footnote should be made in chapter V of the chapter.
The following is a draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments made by the Secretary-General in the Democratic Republic of Macedonia, with the floor.
Member States should be encouraged.
Yemen
Belize
At the opening of the President of the ninth session, the President of the Conference expressed appreciation to the invitation of the delegation and thanked his predecessor's predecessor, Mr. M. R.R. and his Bureau.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider these Parties to consider the performance of the Parties and reduce emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance of the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it has emphasized a broad consensus on the overall implementation of the United Nations conferences and summits in the context of integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the Economic and Social Council.
These events are effectively involved on poverty eradication, promoting development and ensuring peace, security and impartiality.
“Reaffirming the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development in the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development, on 30 September 2002, the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for Africa's Development in the 1990s and the support for NEPAD in the 1990s of NEPAD,
“10. Expresses its appreciation to the initiatives undertaken at the regional level to cover the activities of the United Nations system on the activities of the United Nations system in the areas of the Partnership's priorities, in this regard, in this regard, to strengthen the coherence of the United Nations system in partnership with partnerships;
If the amount of this amount is made, only in the present table, the rate of exchange of exchange is based on the fact that the rate of exchange rates in the United States (United States of America No. 545, No. 54 (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, the loss of USD 67,7,7,6,6,6,6,6,7,77,7,7,74,44,44,44,44.
In addition, if the claim relates to tangible loss of property, the Panel is the date of the loss of the loss of the loss of loss of loss (Iraq) on 2 August 1990, since which the claimant had lost the loss of the proceeds of assets.
In addition, KNPC has requested the cost of the payment of the payment of payment or commitment to third parties prior to the termination of the award of USD B.
(6) The provisions of article 2 of the draft articles has been mentioned in the provisions of the draft articles on the responsibility of States to be addressed in the draft articles.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) The Committee may wish to take into account the following matters, taking into account the inclusion of this model and taking into account the number of activities of the Commission, as well as the Special Rapporteur,
(12) The effects of the environment and the environment and the loss of profits and tourism (see para. 174 above) (see para. 174 (c) and (iv)
The report will therefore focus on results or results, and avoid the attitude taken by the negotiation process or the subsequent steps taken by States in the negotiation process.
It was pointed out that the effectiveness of recognition of the effectiveness of the system depends on specific recognition.
Working methods
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the genuine intentions of the State of the States, rather than the position of the State's legal obligations in the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the provision or other agreement of the treaty, the withdrawal of a reservation shall begin from a State or the organization if a Party or a contracting organization had received the notification of the notification.
In paragraph 50 of its report, the Commission noted that the Group agreed that the Commission should not address the establishment and relationship of international justice.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 266-266.
For the interpretation of this doctrine, see p. H.I.I, Treaty, Treaty, vol. Cambridge, vol. 1908, p. 288, and the interpretative declaration of reservations, vol. C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 27700, 277, 277, 27277, 2773 and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
In addition, the number of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension, lifting of the problem, the State party may modify, suspend or eliminate unilateral acts, as such as such acts.
Some of them have been detained in 20 years, in the world's time for the time that the time of the detention of prisoners of war is the first war.
However, some relevant officials appear to be able to resume these services and explore the possibility of restoring joint services in recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations has a wide experience in the management and facilities of premises and facilities, which can be available to the United Nations common United Nations common services.
On 7 December 1983, A/C.5/388.
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and more systematic and more systematic, in collaboration with civil society organizations in conflict prevention and sustainable peace.
Expressing concern at the regional seminar in the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in Santiago from 20 to 22 May 2003, in which he noted the concern that he took note of the situation in the Territory of the Territory,
To that end, in accordance with Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such circumstances, the name of Songyang's Democratic Republic of San Marino has shown that the situation of soil in the region will benefit from the greatest areas.
Please provide a list of assets under the resolution.
Since 1997, the Niaa Network has also contributed to a wide range of land and marine plants in the global environment, thereby the main elements of a key parameters of the Earth's atmosphere in the context of a key parameters of the Earth's environment.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level, in order to provide scientists to provide information on the field of data in many fields and applications;
However, the growing number of people increasingly break the silence and more active action, and against the policy of both individuals and the Cuban.
A exception for the establishment of common law is being done, which could be used in the framework of such acts.
The capacity of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United Nations cooperation in the past few years.
See paragraph 3 (a) (a) and 2 (f).
Of 19 Finance Assistants, eight districts are deployed (one one of one area) (one one of one area).
Other districts will be composed of 1 Field Service and 1 United Nations Volunteers, two domestic staff.
Issues relating to other projects under the agenda of the General Assembly to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI)
It is important that young people are bound by legally binding agreements: the young people of the younger young children are born.
Women are often reluctant to report on rape, particularly in cases of rape and the victim of the victim, as a cause of concern.
Article 38
The socio-economic status of cultural and women's social status has been a problem, but it has also been a situation in the labour market.
At the same time, the low rate of expenditure for rural families is low (e.g. low-income per cent), indicating that the families of rural families have a cost of 800 dinars.
The ILO Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, adopted by the International Labour Organization (Act No. 131), should be included in the same way, as well as the benefits of the representative of the workers, as well as the benefits of the representative of the workers, as well as the personal interests of individuals and collective interests.
International AIDS and AIDS
Association for Disabled Persons and the Environment of Persons with Disabilities, Alternative Learning Centre and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources in recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost a just and comprehensive peace in the region, as well as a just and comprehensive peace in the region, based on the situation in the situation of Israel and Israel.
1.2 The provisions of the draft legislation shall be punishable by the provision of financing or funding for terrorist acts and to adjust domestic legislation to the implementation of the International Convention on the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and enforcement of national institutions, namely, the National Forces of Armed Forces and the Armed Police (Military Police) are subject to the general nature of the general rules mentioned in article 2.
Mr. Chenen (United States of America): The United States would like to explain his position.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled “The Khmer Rouge” in order to address the draft resolution.
Japan will continue to work in cooperation with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber.
However, there is no justification for a State's application of the responsibility of a State to the internationally wrongful responsibility of the international organization.
Annan
Thus, the representative of El Salvador is not a independent hearing to submit their cases at low levels.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the arrangements of the Spanish Spanish and the United Kingdom, as called for “illegal, political and political assurances”, which should apply to the territory of the European Union and should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to stress the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in the region of the International Committee on Small Arms and Light Weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation is also needed to provide support, particularly for the rehabilitation and resettlement of ex-combatants and support for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs to be sustained and needed to develop the protection strategy for children.
These issues pose a major challenge to youth in the development of a informal or formal role in forestry.
It is hoped that the regional economic and economic commissions of the United Nations will redouble their efforts to promote the development of youth in the development of the forest.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome the warm welcome of the Council.
Report of the Coordinating Committee on Coordination Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, programme 88, sect.
I wish to thank members for cooperation and support in this regard.
The impact of the small island developing States has enormous implications.
The fourth meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in New York, showed that the Forum is very useful, and that it would be wise for the next three years to be held in the process of the process.
While efforts have been made, the problem of the marine environment is still far unresolved.
As indicated in the report, some specific issues have been taken in the area of marine areas, and the international community must continue and coordinate actions at international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marks a significant milestone in the life of the Convention, which would be the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the institution.
In accordance with the Office of the Prosecutor, its national human rights and international humanitarian unit had been investigated by such offences.
It is also planned to have a expanded work on the safety of the premises of the premises of the United Nations (the security and public radio surveillance system and public radio systems).
Conclusions
As necessary, the United Nations shall arrange for the inclusion of the World Tourism Organization on the agenda of the World Tourism Organization, or in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, including the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has a dedicated web site in the United Nations website on human rights, as well as the link with relevant issues.
The national human rights institutions should play a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties and should encourage them to encourage them and to strengthen collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who may be used or used by the use or use of radio or television equipment or in the form of electronic electronic devices, or to the form of a electronic electronic means, is punishable by a offence to be sentenced to imprisonment (art.
Recalling the outcome of the past decade, it is difficult that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reform of reforms and to make recommendations on their reform recommendations.
The veto is a blatant violation of the principle of sovereign equality in the Charter of the Charter and also violate the principles of justice and democracy.
However, the Security Council's position on the permanent members of the Security Council, which has not been affected by the Security Council, is not to encourage Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, Al-Qa`idah, the Taliban and their associates in your activities, as well as the threat of regional and regional threats.
As indicated in the current report of the Board (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
In light of the findings of the Board's audit, the Advisory Committee underlines the review of the Committee's review of the importance of understanding of understanding of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, verification reports and personnel.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, employment opportunities for employment opportunities, the action plan should take into account the impact of information on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires would indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize that the State party's obligations under the international instruments of the human rights in respect of human rights should not be interpreted as a reflection of their obligations.
Human rights defenders have been engaged in the exercise of laws, policies or practices against the human rights and fundamental freedoms of the human rights and fundamental freedoms, and they have become the application of the national security legislation in many countries.
In the context of the previous national communications, the third Parties have significantly improved the report on information and policy measures in the field.
They introduced steps taken to ratify the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The high-level high-level meeting will be held from 1 to 2 September, which will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if you would circulate this letter and its annex as a official document of the Conference on Disarmament and all Member States of the Conference of the Conference on Disarmament.
Expert Expert Expert Meeting on Development
In response to the request requested by the mandate of the mission, the UNCCD secretariat may, where possible, address the thematic report of the Secretary-General on land and agriculture, in accordance with Agenda 21, 12 and 14 of the draft agenda on land and agriculture, and the report of the Secretary-General on the relevant related reports of the Secretary-General.
(d) In addition to the case of the appointment of the judges, the right to be taken to the pre-trial in other cases.
It prepared the rules of procedure of the draft rules of procedure, the Panel's terms of reference and the special contracts of experts to the Council.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to hold substantive discussions on issues raised by the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
In developing countries, even more than 10 per cent of the HIV infection rate in Uganda, it is still still possible to reverse the trend in infection rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of UNFPA's donor base reflects the broad support of UNFPA in support of support programmes, and also recognized the responsibility of mobilizing funding to UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.303, 36-38, 388, 42 and S/22/221, paras. 17, 17, 29, 29, 29, 25, 28 and 50;; S/2002/30/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2001/15/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1 and 50; and S/2003/40/Add.1 and S/2003/40/Add.1);
Fourthly, the military revolution has not suffered, and the proliferation of weapons is increasingly blurred between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction.
The Committee agreed with the conclusion of this timetable.
This time shows that it is clear that this responsibility for the return of the Iraqi people to the return of the Iraqi people should be carried out in parallel with the political process of Iraq's sovereignty.
This may lead to the need to avoid inconsistencies and to create other issues for business, which will be required by the poor's access to different purposes.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices in the United Nations country Group play an important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized and transparent and transparent.
If this adjustment approach should be used, the IPCC guidelines on IPCC guidelines should be prepared before the IPCC Guide.
The meeting is now a whole meeting.
The completion of the completion of resolution 1244 (1999) should be done, and I hope that we can be able to implement the next phase of resolution 1244 (1999) and to determine the final status process of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Commission introduced draft decision A/organizational security measures: accountability for the United Nations field security system (A/C.5/57/L.177).
In principle, in principle of the establishment of the United Nations Integrated Framework in the context of the agreement between the United Nations and the United Nations, the establishment of the United Nations in the framework of the agreement of the United Nations has been established, the construction and building of land will be distributed to all of the United Nations.
The need to verify the reporting report and social reporting will be verified to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.2/20)
The countries of States, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Poland and Slovenia, the countries of Bulgaria, Romania and the European Economic and Social Council have endorsed this statement.
The Asia-Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) is a major contribution to the meeting.
The objective of the interregional joint project is to strengthen the capacity of States and regional organizations in the areas of issues and best practices in the areas of the following areas: (i) trade and diversification of trade and diversification; (i) developing small-scale enterprises in the field of supply management; and (iv) further use of knowledge management policies and information technology and information technology.
UNDP has also improved in some areas of the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be able to participate actively in the coordination of regional and regional coordination meetings to ensure that regional activities and activities are more coordinated in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
The economic development of Asia's economic development in Asia and the supply of supply is indirect to Africa.
Efforts were made to ensure coherence between the Consultative Group, round tables and the national development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) To assess and develop synergies between the cultural and development strategies in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed a number of emergency humanitarian assistance projects in the south-east of South-South and South-East Asia, and in the north-east of the North Atlantic region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Further reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and its twenty-third special session will be carried out within the framework of the major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as the reform of the international financial market and trade conditions, the impact of global warming, global warming and epidemics, migration and the spread of the epidemic, the fight against extreme poverty, access to health, water and food, and a rapid urbanization of international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/59/88/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (resolution 58/56).
The proposed substance is to reaffirm Russia's readiness to notify Russia to sign the launch of the spacecraft and the basic parameters of the future.
5 In accordance with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IF), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana have introduced a joint investment project for rural communities, focusing on the development of rural communities in rural areas.
However, the proportion of women who have been paid by women in the amount of the assistance provided by doctors of women.
Noting also that the pilot plant plant was a more effective and more advanced fuel.
Regional commissions of the United Nations
However, these projects have significantly expanded their scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in international asylum, and the impact of the brain drain and the impact of the countries of origin.
The training courses is also a effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of several terrorist attacks, including the most recent terrorist attacks in Bali, which took place on 12 October 2002, as well as a attack on the presence of the Lendu Hotel in Yamoussoukro on 5 August 2003.
In order to address the problem, the Security Council established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All parts of the common coalition established in Monterrey are also a high-level segment of the High-level Dialogue, namely, the major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and business sector.
After a comprehensive review of the information provided by Member States, the overall review of the number of countries, gross national income in the period 2000-2004 and the reduction of gross income rates in the amount of gross national income in currencies of the calculation of the calculation rate, the Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Lebanon, Lebanon, Lebanon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela.
In accordance with the criteria used by the Commission for the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2006, the Committee has begun to consider specific ways for the implementation of paragraph 1 of resolution 55/52.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the sentences, and it is a understanding that the budgetary requirements for future implementation of the decision will be considered in a case-by-case case on the basis of the legal, administrative and financial reasons of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, the Secretary-General's status of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights has been submitted to the Working Group of the United Nations Human Rights Organization.
A more detailed report will be provided only only to the conclusions of the Conference, but also in discussion.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 10 per 1,000 live births; birth expectancy expectancy: 43.3 per cent); the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Oxford, 2000).
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, in order to promote the collective aspirations of the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library distributed 12 training courses in total training courses, including staff members, staff members and officials of public officials, interns, non-governmental organizations, the depository libraries and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall notify bank banks or financial institutions in order to establish a computer system in order to establish a computer system in order to ensure proper follow-up.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Bill
At the interregional level, it will continue to focus on the need for technical cooperation and expansion of technical cooperation in the context of the technical framework of the developed countries to promote South-South trade and the reduction of poverty reduction in export reduction activities.
The proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources in all levels of education and reflected the importance of the language capacity.
Introduction
1 Establishment of the Federal Institutions Act
It urges the Government to ensure that lawyers and judges are fully involved in higher education and education, and to deepen the understanding of equality and non-discrimination and the understanding of international norms and norms.
At present, a cross-cutting working group has been established in many parts of the federal sector, since the fight against trafficking in the fight against trafficking can be successful.
(1) The States Parties shall take special measures to accelerate the progressive equality of women and men, without prejudice to discrimination in the present Convention, and that they should not be used in order to maintain inequalities and criteria, which should be eliminated after the end of the principle of equality and treatment.
The proportion of women in the category of the category of the category is equivalent to 2, 94.4 per cent of women in Germany and 94.4 per cent of women and 104 men) in the category of the category, and the proportion of women in the category of the category (approximately 375 women and 32 men).
(a) The entire people's right to the entire society.
With regard to the cultural life of women, the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to family and family relations and to ensure that women's equality in women and men should be ensured:
The total amount of income for the euro;
We are particularly concerned about the deteriorating deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to increase tensions and, therefore, the Lebanese territories.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
The convening of international conferences on organized crime and international cooperation, particularly in particular:
1987 1994: The National Prosecutor of Ukraine (S.e. M.S.
• In accordance with article 500 of the Penal Code, it would be necessary to assist and incite the offences of terrorist crimes who are committed to terrorist crimes, if they are not committed to commit acts of terrorism.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
With respect to the use of the depositary to the other States Parties to the admissibility of the reservation, the question is also a matter of question.
Otherwise, the preservation of the depositary will be a supervisory body, which may result in the nature of the “in”” nature, which is a mistake of the current law, which is unacceptable.
The Committee therefore urged the Committee to increase its activities on the activities of foreign vessels and more attention to the implementation of the State party, the registration of registration, in appropriate circumstances, with the corresponding prevention efforts of port States.
It was also suggested that the latest trends in international law, such as the environment and economic law, are increasingly affected by the nature of a integrated system, as a first step of the nature of the rules of norms and mechanisms that might be found in the relevant international instruments in dealing with relevant international instruments, in particular with regard to the rules of law of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty law rules.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Committee decided to appoint a independent expert on poverty and human rights in the context of the report of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which had a clear link between poverty and human rights.
Participants concluded that more efforts must be made to promote the dissemination of information on its mandate and activities.
The UPDF's UPDF seeks to avoid conflict, from the presence of the town of Yambo and the police headquarters.
He expressed concern about the negative understanding of States and urged delegations to reach compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and the excessive military threat threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, the majority of the efforts of the Middle East in peace in the Middle East are in the Council.
In particular, policymakers are particularly important to ensure that the training of staff is sufficient to enable countries to expand their scientific capacity and focus on greater needs for better knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two-year cycle will be determined by each policy policy meeting.
Statement by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and emerging technologies in improving productivity and competitiveness in countries, and, inter alia, capacity-building and measures, to promote the transfer and diffusion of technology and public awareness and public awareness,
Parties and parties to armed conflict should take all feasible precautions in the areas of the illicit war affected by explosive remnants of war, including the risk of civilian groups, civilians and civilian objects from explosive remnants of war.
It is appropriate to ensure that the explosive ordnance of explosive ordnance are regularly conducted and to ensure that ammunition could be expected to be expected.
Welcoming also the review of the review process at the first session of the Preparatory Committee of the Preparatory Committee on the Review of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
In our efforts to combat terrorism, we also need to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and ensure that democracy processes and the legitimate process will not be violated.
This report will assist the sanctions committee to measure the extent of sanctions and to identify the technical assistance needed to improve the implementation of the country.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued to continue to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 and the development of the programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
It is also possible to explore the policy of staff resources, as well as the policy of a number of multi-lead groups in UNHCR (see para. 19 above), in which the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Rights Management has taken that such policies would be used in a large or complex emergencies, while the United Nations Standby Reserve Fund has been distributed in a large or complex emergencies.
This enables WHO to provide sufficient qualifications to benefit from the World Bank to the World Bank, and the relationship between the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, which is a small part of the overall activities of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in East Timor.
For details, see the report of the Secretary-General on 4 October 1999 (S/1999/107).
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Lare (Barbados): I have the honour to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The EU has recently highlighted the proliferation of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in common and international security policies, which shows that we are very much of our efforts to work together.
Anti-personnel mines should not be used to prevent the device.
UNCTAD's report briefly welcomed the impact of the conflict on the development of the least developed countries.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session of the Advisory Group took place in early March 2004.
It was also recognized that the regional commissions play the role of important technical cooperation services in developing countries.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament at the time of the Conference, I would like to express the hope that the Disarmament Commission should be able to consider and determine the sole institutions of the Disarmament Commission — which will be a framework for effective and fruitful results.
Since the date of nuclear weapons, humankind has been exploring the elimination of nuclear weapons.
We would like to see an important gesture, which will have to be a practical approach to the practical modalities and methods of nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece on behalf of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it has not been a total of landmines, but it has been a strong support of landmines in the most productive and most productive sectors.
At the same time, my Government has made a clear signal that it did not intend to recover the future, which has been nominated by a member of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo considers that the draft articles of the UNCITRAL Model Law for Private Infrastructure Infrastructure (AF) is a real achievement of the draft articles, which would enable States to coordinate their legislation, and the Council decided to establish a single version of the Model Law for Private Infrastructure Infrastructure Infrastructure and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Meeting on the subject, including the dates and dates of the meeting
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document of the Durban Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean will continue consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
One is one of the priorities of the United Nations policy on peace and security in Ukraine.
We believe that, in many situations, the problem of landmines is a prerequisite for peace and stability in peace and stability.
In Guatemala, the establishment of a administrative coordination unit has been established by a executive unit responsible to verify and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate with mine issues.
The progress in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative has been slow and slowly, and even even in the light of the conclusion of the process, it is not possible to reach a sustainable debt level.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the ERP system would replace all existing systems used by headquarters and offices.
Training.
Posts.
General Assembly resolution 60/1.
The sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence may be conducted through a electronic monitoring tool.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre for Crime Prevention and the work of the Centre on Crime Prevention in Crime prevention and expressed the hope that the future would cooperate on the issue.
In view of the responsibilities of the President of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I have a responsibility to inform you to inform you, in order to extend the members of the Security Council, so that it would take into account our position on the above issues.
If we have continued to work on the fundamental basis of the above, I believe that we can see a new future on global security: the human rights of the world, including the threat of terrorism in the face of terrorism.
The remaining will be reported in the next number of reports.
The Panel's claim for the Palestinians's claim of the “C” claims” and the total “C” claims of the total amount of the “C4”” is a comparison of Kuwait, Jordan and the Palestinians.
The important aim of the important objective is to provide a brief and high-quality information on the issues of the United Nations technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation, to assist the programme to develop decision-making in technical cooperation and to assist donors to take necessary adjustments to the decision-making decisions.
According to this claim, the interaction between the United Nations technical cooperation providers would be selective, while overall coherence was achieved through the implementation process of the country programme.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to work with the Special Committee on Human Rights on the continuing work of the United Nations Office on Human Rights, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the continuing work of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;
The concept of a culture of peace contains respect to life, full respect for human rights, violence against violence, sustainable development, conflict prevention and tolerance, tolerance and tolerance, cultural, cultural, cultural and other groups and individuals, as well as a integral part of all major initiatives in the context of the concept of peace, practices, practices and practices in all major initiatives.
Contributions for the United Nations Development Fund for Women in 2003
For example, in the international military operation, the Government of Norway used a high-scale cluster cluster cluster on the use of a large-scale event.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Germany, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, the Republic of Korea, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child: Czzz (CRC/C/15/Add.201), para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at United Nations conferences at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It is not permitted that the national reports to be submitted to the Special Representative are to be able to provide assistance to the implementation of the implementation of the commitments and the solidarity of terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in respect of the protection and facilities of staff in the Agency, in accordance with article 12, paragraphs 10 and 101 of the Charter of the United Nations;
B. Scope
Report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons (International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing” and the report of the Secretary-General entitled “World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 sets out that the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the right to the date of the application of the application of the present rules is to be extended to individual individuals and to the legal personality.
However, some of these workers have been forced in the labour market in the labour market, and that there are almost no access to trade unions, although there was a number of tensions that have been made in the legal relations of the labour union, but also led to a number of conflicts such as human rights and environment.
The New Zealand delegation recognized that the ceiling for parental leave would limit some of the fathers's right to the programme, in particular the wage differentials between men and men.
In order to combat the pressure on the rights of men, New Zealand has continued to focus on the work of the child on marriage or relations.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had been able to provide sufficient and clear information to enable consensus to be made, and that all relevant standards of asbestos would be met, while the relevant relevant standards are being followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- right to self-determination -- right to self-determination -- draft resolution — the use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows in developing countries
The net increase in this net increase is the rapid growth of the industrialized countries in the export of the economy and the rapid growth of the European Union.
In the 1990s, official “saving” operations have a major international mechanism to deal with the issue of debt capacity, but many issues were considered to apply to the application of such a approach.
Debt relief debt, “The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative: the World Bank's Ministers of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries and the Bretton Woods institutions of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative”, “The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative”, Washington, New York, 27 September 2002, at www.oecd.org.
(h) Establishment of joint-party insurance plans at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General referred to in paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/38/Add.1), which recommended the analysis of the report and analysis of the special procedures, including a clear standard of procedures for operational activities and the selection of the procedures for the work of the special procedures, including the need for more senior professional and professional support to members of the Organization, including the appointment of senior professional staff and providing good administrative support.
However, it is encouraging that the total number of 14 women representatives of the National Assembly, which had been a woman, has also been women.
At present, the enrolment of school-level education has already exceeded the infrastructure of existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan for women's development, the Government of the Kingdom has committed to the commitment of the Government of the Government to integrate women's participation in development policies and programmes to reflect the needs and potential of women.
The divorce is not less rare, since Bhutan is not in many other countries, it does not prohibit divorce.
In order to combat the activities of such transactions to combat such transactions, the use of the sex industry will be used, so that they are not able to monitor and deal with the treatment of HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Bhutan Ministry of Education of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will be a major economic interest.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva will contribute to improving the use of the spread of information for all countries and to bridge the digital divide.
The final summary of the agreement has been made to address and address the question of the question, in accordance with the draft articles of the Commission on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, as well as the discussion and discussion of the draft articles on the question of property of States and their property, as well as the discussion and discussion of the draft and ad hoc committees of the Sixth Committee.
Both of the two hotels were destroyed by the Iraqi forces, and the second hotel was used to be used as a centre of detention and other prisoners of detainees, and the hotel of the third claimant had been destroyed by the hotel.
The Panel concluded that, in addition to the three claims referred to in paragraphs 153 to 15 above, the Panel concluded that the Panel concluded that the nature of the functions of the United Nations system in the area of the administration of the organization, as well as to the extent that the first claimant is under the nature of the work of the United Nations system, the first and the second claimant of the third claimant.
1.11 The value of commercial securities is valued in cash flows and reserves, as well as the assumption of expected for expected profits and loss.
9 Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind that and other unexploded ordnance (water) and other unexploded ordnance are the safety, health and life of the civilian population and the safety of the civilian population and the safety and life of operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/75)
Iraq is also a great contribution to the promotion and dissemination of the legal, scientific and cultural understanding of the legal, scientific and cultural values.
It is clear that the contribution of the Iraqi people to the benefit of the shared value of the Iraqi people should be a response to the aspirations and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
The gross income of GDP is to be half of the year 2000.
The Office of the Special Coordinator of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories was received by the Office of the Special Coordinator of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Territory of the Democratic People's Republic of War.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, as well as the requirements for the proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and, taking into account the circumstances referred to in paragraph 8 above, the approval of the 2004-2005 year.
He therefore resigned that the Office of Internal Oversight Services visited two United Nations information centres in the field.
United Nations
Source: UNESCO's education statistics on education statistics in Spanish statistics in the Ministry of National Statistics and the Ministry of Science and Science.
Of the total mortality rate in the population, there were 3710 deaths in 1999 and 43 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professional organizations, and efforts are being made to address the special issues of women's health care as a whole.
Policies and programmes
Constitutional amendments to the situation referred to above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries, children are victims of armed conflict.
The United States is committed to support the recruitment of recruitment or non-State actors to recruit recruitment or use of the minimum age of hostilities.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts to monitor the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council, in particular the following:
* In consultation with internal consultations, the submission of this document is late.
In the public sector, or “the effectiveness”, the public sector should be considered efficient and efficient.
The decision was adopted.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In view of this view, a comprehensive approach could not be achieved.
See also the Protocol for the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Fund for the Establishment of the International Atomic Energy Pollution Protocol, which is supplemented by “party” funds.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative responded to the Secretary-General's statement that, in accordance with paragraph 1483 of resolution 1483 (2003), the United Nations had the best understanding of the common and individual responsibilities of the United Nations.
http://www.cisg.g.org_299999
Promotion of the right to life and respect of different cultural identities
Such lessons can be conducted through external evaluation, project monitoring and/or in the implementation of the project in the implementation of the project.
While awareness and understanding of the gender change is rare, they can be useful to complement and increase the information and actions of other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Liability of Liability of Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on the Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the military presence of the military liaison officers in Bouaké, the new military liaison officers had not allowed freedom of movement and that they would only allow military liaison officers to control and obtain access to the control of military officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice to cooperate with other relevant international and regional organizations in assisting countries to develop legislation and regulations in developing countries and to implement and implement other expertise or technical assistance in the implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre in this regard.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In order to find a peaceful settlement of the diplomatic proceedings in the Security Council in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated the peaceful settlement of peace and that the use of force must be final.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei's excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken by the representative of the United States of America and operative operative paragraph 35 (a) of the preambular preambular paragraph, which was retained by 51 votes to 1 abstentions.
The whole text was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to make no effort to ensure the capacity of the Committee to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is also aware of the fact that the baseline baseline data is a serious matter, but only the Committee's completion of the proposal is not a matter of urgency, and that the Committee has been able to make a decision on the basis of the submission of the proposal.
He concluded that, in the light of the recent atmosphere in the two parts, the environmental impact of the environmental environment had to be more justified to the implementation of the ozone layer, which would be more likely to be the result of its success.
(ii) In addition to the necessary use of the necessary use, the provision of methyl bromide for methyl bromide shall be abolished by the Parties in accordance with the necessary use of the plan;
The Netherlands has signed its intention to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including the public sector and the private sector, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The State party has not received the notice of the designated arbitrator or the appropriate notification of the arbitration proceedings, where the court may terminate the application of the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal prior to the submission of the proceedings; or
It was further explained that the revised amendment was intended to allow the Court to reject the right of the courts to the right to freedom of law, but that the Court should not be convinced that there is no important issue in the absence of the enforcement and recognition of the rights and recognition.
It was agreed that the provisions of this article should avoid unnecessary uncertainty from the text of article 35 and 36 of the draft article.
In that connection, the Working Group considers that the procedure for the application of the applicable procedure should be applied.
If a State is not required to refuse the application of the application, these provisions are not incompatible with a uniform approach.
C. Summary of the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (the Model Law”) has also lacked specific rules.
The court recognized that the Internet's commodity materials is merely only a member of the case, and that a legally binding contract would be established only if the seller accepts the buyer's buyer's buyer.
In the financial sector, the financial police is primarily headed by the National Police Unit, as well as in accordance with article 5 of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in accordance with the provisions of article 5 of Decree No. 18 of 26 May 1997, in which the Department of Justice is responsible for the implementation of a anti-money-laundering investigation in the areas of national control activities.
It is clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy or, where any, should be within the jurisdiction of Italy.
Article 1
(Signed) N. G. G.E. Mr. N. G.
At the same time, the Special Court is not affected by the fundamental nature of the international courts of Cambodia.
The accused of the accused of the accused, G. G. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. and F. O.
It reiterated the joint liaison group, as appropriate, to exchange information and participation among the secretariat of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Ozone Convention; the SBSTA reaffirmed the importance of the technical document on biodiversity and climate change in the context of the IPCC's work, as well as the work of the Joint Inter-Agency Liaison Group on the work of the United Nations Convention on Climate Change, and welcomes the work of the Joint Inter-Agency Liaison Group on the activities of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in the context of cooperation between the United Nations Convention on Forests and the United Nations Convention on Climate Change.
University of the University of the University of the University of the University of Madagascar, H.E. Mr. Robert K. K. K. B. Professor of Justice, Special Adviser on the administration of justice, and the analysis of the functions of the Prosecutor in the field of justice, international trade, international trade, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility to consult with the secretariat of the Convention in order to develop a dialogue on the lessons learned from the United Nations Global Environment Facility to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session, as well as the lessons learned by the United Nations system to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should be flexible for the establishment of a framework of action to address the specific needs and requirements of the Parties and reflect national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by conflict, the Committee finds that the Committee's consideration of the rate of assessments in 2003 would be more desirable to apply the current scale of exchange rates, rather than price rates.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, a number of assessed contributions should not lead to the increase of other Member States in the context of the adoption of the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is a series of organized organized organized by the United States of America.
Among other things, the Code of Health contains the right to the right to the right to justice, freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns raised in recent years is a result of the low rate of drop-out rates in the Territory.
He regretted that the parties to the conflict in Burundi had repeatedly condemned the rights of civilians and called for the resumption of lasting peace in all sides.
A senior diplomat of the International Conference of the United Nations and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic of Commerce will have a senior diplomatic diplomat, with the Permanent Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNDA) for the United Nations.
(c) International financial system and development;
The legislation on the purpose of the conflict and the Taliban have been further updated to enable them to modify the provisions of the Security Council Committee on Security Council resolutions and the requirements of resolution 1402 (2002).
(c) Order of the Ministry of Education on 7 January 1979
The review was of the view that OIOS had completed nine recommendations of the previous audit recommendations, and reiterated the recommendation of four recommendations, which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for other officials of the United Nations, including other officials of the General Assembly:
In respect of any offence under this article, the State party shall expedite the process of extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements of the extradition procedure.
Unless the State party's consent of the State party shall be transferred to the State party in accordance with paragraph 10 and 11 of this article, it shall not be subjected to any other restrictions on the arrest, detention, punishment or conviction of the State of the State of the State of the State of the country, as a person of origin, or in the territory of the State.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening institutional, public administration services, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request the Conference of the Parties to provide information on the programmes, plans and practices adopted by the Conference of the Parties on the implementation of the Convention, as well as legislative and administrative measures.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within the borders.
In the position of the North-East Asia peace and international non-proliferation position, there must be no objection to North Korea and nuclear weapons.
Part I
What can also enhance the benefits of strengthening domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued the Guidelines on the Guidelines for the Treatment of Human Rights (www.unhunhchr.ch/h/96) and to provide guidance to States and other actors involved in prevention, medical care, care and support.
b The former German Democratic Republic was retained on 20 February 1975, 2,22.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of members shall be held on 21 April.
The revised call for the appeal is still very low, but only $7.1 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure that gender equality between men and men in accordance with article 2, paragraph (2) and 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop legislation to combat trafficking in persons and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policies and its federal housing programmes and to ensure that families of families have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the right to land and to ensure that any expulsion of any expulsion is being protected in accordance with article 7 of the Committee.
A joint statement should be encouraged.
They also contain a very useful term definition, such as “the “pit”” or “in” — these terms are different meaning of the environment and electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges to the major development goals and indicators adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
The conditions of foreign research and technological development in Iraq and the restoration of the necessary support for recovery will be supported.
The International Conference of Bolivia considers that the following forms of assistance to all social partners, including labour management organizations, business organizations and workers, are in place.
- A joint joint organization will provide assistance to the development of the relevant norms of radio and television production.
In addition, high-income income and middle-income countries have contributed to the capacity of UNICEF's core resources to avoid excessive reliance on a limited number of donor countries.
Many of these are clearly reflected in United Nations agreements and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Team, through the Forum, seminars and conferences to promote the implementation of the United Nations system on the financing of capital and financing of terrorism.
With regard to illegal drugs, particularly amphetamine-type stimulants, we are very small and productive, but illicit production has begun to expand the traditional centres in North America, Europe and Europe.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Committee that the organization and substantive preparatory preparations are planned for the planning of all members of the Committee; most of the pre-session documents were distributed to members of the Committee; and the final version of the final version of the United Nations conference on UN-Habitat will be deposited shortly as soon as possible.
Paragraph 1
It was reported that the official exports of the official exports amounted to $20 million in May 2003.
No one has been made under this item.
Stresses that the primary objective of new technologies should be the quality of the quality and quality of services services, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Secretary-General on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, the Forum will develop a consensus on the development of the African Development Forum, which aims on a consensus on the issue of development in Africa, and to develop a collective forum on the relationship between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr considered that the problem of poverty was directly affected by the education of girls, with the increasing incidence of illiteracy, which had also affected women's employment, and said that urgent remedies were needed.
UNICEF has provided specific support to the national programme of cooperation.
The examples of such examples is not only in the case of information.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
At the time, the “United States Command of the United States Command” has been the “United Nations military Command” and has continued to be abused by the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 10 and corrigendum.
Fifty-sixth session
These consultations include the members of the Working Group to participate in the draft general comment on the general draft general comment of the International Economic and Social Commission for Women, Women and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 provides data on export income provided by all sources.
This provision provides the obligation of the person to investigate the human cloning of human beings.
The Joint Inter-Agency Fact-Finding Group continued to investigate incidents of violence in the region.
The Human Rights Council will continue to provide advisory services to the local people.
Geneva, 30 June-7 July 2003
Staff members of the Professional and higher categories of staff or more than one year
Table 1 shows gender distribution in departments and departments.
The United Nations Development Group report on the issue of the high-level session of the High-level Committee on Management to facilitate the principles, objectives and objectives of the spouse employment policy.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization entitled a project entitled “Assistance to women's life”, the establishment of a model-of-service Care Initiative” and a significant increase in the financial base of the international community's care system.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association of the Association of the Association of Jurists addressed the United Nations Secretary-General of the United Nations to the General Assembly at its annual session of the International Court of Foreign Affairs, held in November 1999 in November 1999.
This is the definition of the definition: individuals, families and other communities have been subjected to a long-term or temporary expulsion of residence or land in their homes or in the absence of a appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusions of the recent United Nations and other aspects of the impact of the impact of sanctions on sanctions was considered that these immunity did not produce such effect.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is necessary to address the nature and impact of the Covenant and the nature of the Convention and to justice remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13, paragraph 2 (b)
However, self-government must be linked to public accountability systems, which are more than the activities of the country.
The Committee is of the view that corporal punishment is not incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two articles of the Convention: personal dignity.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should focus on the protection of the right to health through their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
The indigenous peoples provide resources to help design, supply and manage water resources; the lack of adequate water for nomadic minorities, refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and the return of their returnees, or in urban and rural areas.
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation.
The National Ombudsman, Human Rights Commission and similar agencies should be allowed to address the issue of the right to water.
“The Committee reiterates its commitment to the State party to fulfil its obligations to the States parties.
States Parties have also stated that the State party's legal system had been declared to abolish a emergency approach, and the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), may be submitted or written in writing, it is important to comment on the legal and factual facts.
The State party should focus on the right to protection of the rights of the Convention, including the right to equality and discrimination, based on the provisions of the Convention, in accordance with the provisions of the provisions of the Covenant.
In many civil and political instruments, many provisions of the number of provisions can be ensured to ensure the objectives of the Convention.
One of the principles of one of the State's electoral system should be implemented in the framework of each national electoral system.
The State party should provide information on the impact of the Committee on the effects of any laws and practices on the right to privacy and the protection of the rights of women in respect of the right to privacy and article 17 of the Covenant.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides the right of peoples to self-determination in accordance with the right to self-determination of their own cultural, religious, religious or linguistic minorities and the right to self-determination.
In order to ensure the independence and effective oversight of independent human rights institutions, national human rights institutions must be adequate infrastructure, funds, staff, staff, premises, premises and their independent control.
The government sector should be able to participate in a advisory capacity.
It is clear that the work of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in all future decolonization programmes.
Therefore, we are not a formal draft resolution, but it hoped that delegations wished to make the opportunity to consider their decisions and decisions.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006) under the first United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, civil society and civil society, in consultation with Member States, non-governmental organizations, civil society and civil society.
Bermuda has a three courts, namely the Court of Justice, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides the inhabitants of the Territories, including Bermuda's British citizenship.
At the same time, Bermuda's overall life costs is high, the high level of power is nine.
The average pension of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age is 112,826.
Bermuda believes that the education of Bermuda's high-level education is a major aspect of its comparative advantage.
The objectives of these activities will include officials of government officials, criminal law and criminal justice experts; the public administration of the public administration; parliamentariansarians; and other publications in crime prevention and criminal justice; and other professional groups, judges, judges and other professional groups.
This list shall also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 13363 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor and donor countries to increase a significant increase in the United Nations system of the United Nations development system (regular budget, funds and funds) and the need to further explore other sources of funding, as well as the need to further explore other sources of sources, as well as other sources of source;
Takes note of the cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore further cooperation, coordination and coordination, including the strategic framework, approaches, modalities and partnerships of the United Nations system, to ensure further consistency in the strategic framework, approaches and partnerships of the United Nations system, including the strategic framework of the United Nations funds and institutions, as well as the implementation of the strategic framework for poverty reduction strategies, including the United Nations Fund,
Stresses the need for the need to provide adequate support to those countries in the areas of conflict, sustainable development, poverty reduction, poverty reduction and peace-building efforts, as required by the need to assist those countries in conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations.
Recalling also the decision 1997/2 on the mainstreaming of gender mainstreaming into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and it subsequently decided to take into account the implementation of the agreed implementation of the agreed conclusions of the United Nations system in the context of the multi-year segment of the 2005 year;
Having also taken into account the work of the Declaration of the Barcelona-Mediterranean region in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, and the work of the Declaration, aimed at improving the link of the Mediterranean transport network and the cross-border transport network, to ensure that the share of the share of the two countries,
(d) In addition to the transfer and introduction of new and other channels of foreign direct investment and other channels, the new technologies could not be ensured.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 42nd plenary meeting, held the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Social Institute for Social Development, a term of four-year-year period: Mr. Maria K. K. K. K. K. K. Y. Y. L. Y. Y. Y. Y. Y. (Russian Federation and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council took note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, in which it decided that the Committee decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing in the right to adequate protection of human rights, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's residence and social integration Foundation
(d) Takes note of the Committee's failure to consider the State party's complaint to the following organizations:
Commission for Sustainable Development
Invites the Parties to provide information on the use, production, import and/or export of DDT to the Secretariat at the first session of the Conference of the Parties for the use of information in the preparation of the relevant format and investigations of the questionnaire;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be:
The legal drafting group indicated that there was no procedure for the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare the guidance of the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
The speaker made statements on the theme of trafficking in human beings, which focused on the focus on data collection, the global trends of trafficking in the West African region, the South-Eastern Europe, and trafficking against children.
With regard to the trafficking of women in West Africa, the number of rural children in rural areas are being incorporated in the rural sector, which had been incorporated into trafficking in the city.
UNITAR workshop on the structure and practices of United Nations resolutions on the structure of United Nations resolutions
The inspection was also found that there is no indication of any indication of a new nuclear facility or directly supporting any nuclear facility.
Question of Tokelau
In response to the efforts of States to counter-terrorism, it should not be ignored by the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director made the Executive Board's final projection on the implementation of the revised budget budget for UNOPS (DP/2003/CRP.3). UNOPS, although UNOPS had achieved more results in the future parameters.
IAEA inspection team
First Panel: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at its 8th meeting, to travel the facilities of the Al-Aqsa Authority.
Article 19 of the Protocol and the Protocol Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2004)1
Draft resolution III was entitled “strategic strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 13 votes to 2, with 2 abstentions (resolution 57/35).
Political discussions are very important, but the First Committee remains a important venue for delegations to express their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without the adoption of the draft resolution.
It is equally clear that we have the honour to cooperate with the Organization of American States to cooperate with States in the region and to ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the establishment of a panel of experts for the establishment of a panel of experts should be considered by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as a result of the Security Council, to undertake concrete verification missions.
In this regard, it should be particularly mentioned that the International Centre for the Migration of Norway will enhance the application of the principles of the Guiding Principles for the implementation of the Guiding Principles.
Despite the main legal personality in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not possible to do such a fundamental legal personality.
The dispute in respect of arbitration, judicial or similar procedures is the case of dispute under the proceedings of the conciliation proceedings or the application of article 1 of this article, article 2, paragraph 2, and article 3.
I thank them for all of our efforts in the peaceful settlement of the crisis.
However, the quality of the Unit's costs in the activities of the United Nations system is insufficient to achieve the quality of work and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed a period of time and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with annex V of the Convention, the establishment of a thematic network for the establishment of a thematic network ( consultant) and the travel of participants in the northern region of the region of the Mediterranean region, including consultants, logistics, logistics and travel, to assist States Parties in the region of the region of the United Nations and the International Centre for Central and Eastern Europe in the region of the Parties to the United Nations Conference on the Coordination of All Countries in the region of the region of the United Nations, in 2004 and the United Nations Regional Centre for Eastern Europe, in 2004 and the United Nations Regional Centre for Central and Eastern Europe.
At the end of the island of the island, the Royal Ministry of St Helena has completed 13 strategic objectives in 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new-year-year assistance agreements in the United Kingdom (July7).
(f) The full use of a fixed-based business activity in the amount of the activities referred to in subparagraph (a) (a) (e) and (e) of the activities of the project as a preparatory or complementary activity.
The Government of Hungary is convinced that the report and previous reports will help the Committee to assess the actions taken by Member States and to provide recommendations on the implementation of existing measures, which would be considered by the Security Council.
(2) In accordance with subparagraph (a) of the subparagraph, the destruction of a large asset or property or property of the assets or property of the assets or property of the assets or property of the assets or property shall be punished in accordance with paragraph (1) of the Convention.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Korea launched a “gender-based monitoring campaign” in the University of the Republic of Korea, on the issue of sexual harassment and gender discrimination.
The amount of payment paid by a single-time payment is the annual decision of the Labour Minister.
The proportion of women's population in the agricultural population is more than 50 per cent, compared with 5.6 per cent in 1998 and 15 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and 5 per cent of women have become the main source of labour labour.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
The result of the status of the status, including birth, marriage, marriage, age, death, death, birth, birth, family-headed husbands, are effective.
In 2002, it adopted the law of organized crime.
Movement against Racism and Peoples
The discussion records records are scheduled from 2 to 2 p.m.
For the latter, it will be submitted to the Committee at its next session?
Ms. Wakk-B Brown (IMF) said that the IMF's intention was not a standard of development, but it was recognized that the international community had developed standards.
We welcome the conviction that the international law of the international law is the foundation of relations between nations; mutual respect and aspirations for peace are a link to the world.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and is the major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft programme of work for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution noted with satisfaction the growing increase between the United Nations system and the increasing cooperation between the United Nations system and encourages them to support the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
In March this year, the Counter-Terrorism Committee on Counter-Terrorism Terrorism held a summary report on counter-terrorism activities in Georgia, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan and the Moldova.
It is this that this information has led to a number of summits in the Millennium Declaration and subsequent years, including, in particular, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Following the nomination of the representative of Belize, Ms. J. J. L. (Jamaica) was elected Rapporteur.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that the allocation of resources in the United Nations Radio Unit would not be changed.
The issue of the development and sustainable sustainability of the least developed countries in the context of the least developed countries would be a complex issue for the development and sustainable capacity of LDCs.
These objectives are consistent with the international development goals of the international development goals, which are at least least per cent of the GDP's gross GDP growth and GDP growth rates at least per cent of GDP.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern about the lack of important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should increase the effectiveness of activities, highlighting the importance of the assessment and implementation of such activities.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members of Western European and Caribbean States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is a key component of international cooperation for development, which provides practical opportunities for the development of sustained economic growth and sustainable development in developing countries and countries with economies in transition,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin a general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The present is the issue of issues and related actions referred to in the relevant agenda items.
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for African countries, and the Council decided to establish resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002, on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat the trafficking and prostitution of the population, the Government has taken a number of measures, in the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, as well as the financial support of the Christian Women of Women in the United Nations in November 2001, which published a booklet entitled “Human trafficking issues” and the publication of the brochure.
If urgent steps were taken to address this impasse, the situation of the country is likely to further deteriorate.
As shown in paragraphs 43 and IV of the annex, the proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $5.5 million in the biennium 2004-2005, representing $4.4 million for programme resources, $3.2 million for support and administration of administration.
In the Russian Federation's total contributions to the Fund's first-purpose contributions, the cost costs of the Office of the United Nations Office for the Exploration and Development of the Russian Federation (tel.
At its sixteenth session, the Committee on Budget and Budget considered preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Pericin (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Legal Subcommittee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session on the work of General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Request for the restoration of the right to vote in accordance with article 5 of the Charter of UNIDO;
Noting with satisfaction the efforts of UNIDO to develop and improve the development of the Palestinian industrial sector, in particular in the development of the Palestinian economy, in particular the encouraging outcome of the pilot phase of the pilot phase of the project in 2000,
The analysis of the UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa's problems is a long-term issue.
Even if the prospects for growth in the world economy is expected, it seems to be difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of the WTO Conference on Trade Negotiations is another concern.
The same name of the Committee's work are fully aware of the same name.
We would like to recommend that the future will further follow up in Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these discussions should be the issue of the Council's issues to the Council.
(d) In particular, to train criminal justice officials and other relevant actors, the obligation to ensure that the needs of victims of trafficking and the need to prosecute victims of trafficking are important to the identification and prosecution of victims of crime;
Ms. Hampson explained the difficulties of the use of the word “Indigenous peoples”.
WWWW provides a summary of the work of WIPO on traditional knowledge and plan of work.
He again met with the high-level ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior of the Ministry of the Interior, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Land Management of the Ministry of Land and Land Management.
The proposed programme proposed a wide range of consultations, common consultations on the basis of a open debate, and the need for a strong political will to overcome the gap between the “State” and the “global” gap.
As a result of the armed conflict, a large land is a valuable asset, and it is a result of the Government's ownership of the part of the military and non-resident areas.
The analysis of the standard of the Standard Rules is a result of many international organizations and experts, including the impact of the joint efforts of the Group of Experts on the Coordination of Persons with Disabilities and the Standard Rules.
In Australia, a number of entities that have been identified in Australia, Australia's relevant authorities were investigated.
While recognizing the differences between States in the system of legal systems, cultural diversity and different development phases, it was pointed out that these differences should be taken into account in the context of the implementation of the Convention's objectives.
Some of the results of the Mid-term review had been too broad, and therefore recommended that UNFPA should be able to focus on the proper focus of the UNFPA at the national level.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully examined the report with the assistance of experts and to submit preliminary comments to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations in the Middle East road map
There were three deaths in the explosion, and more than 200 persons were injured.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission in order to assist the process of the transition process and follow-up to the end of the end of the year.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs referred to the Secretary-General's report on the issue of women's issues and their rights and needs in this regard, in this regard, in this regard.
In accordance with its statute, the primary objective of the Foundation is to implement social awareness initiatives, such as learning, research, cultural and development activities, to promote social development in society, particularly young people, and promote the professional and professional participation of professionals in the field of crime and criminal justice institutions.
Section 4
We note the continuing work of the simplification and harmonization of integrated programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, which will contribute to the decline of developing countries in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We believe that the Organization will benefit from a more coherent approach to promote the rationalization of institutions, best use of resources, eliminating duplication, coordination and evaluation of the performance of monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) In Libreville from 21 to 28 July 2003, the United Nations peacekeeping military exercises for peacekeeping operations in “Bongong” was held.
E. Judicial cooperation
The work of the proposed programme budget for the preparation of the proposed programme budget was expressed.
Expected accomplishment (a) after the words “the programme of managers” after the mandate of the programme programme”.
The Committee is of the opinion that the return of the repatriation grant for the future of the retired staff has been obsolete, and the International Civil Service Commission should be reviewed.
The Committee notes that the Executive Director of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination is to ensure that the United Nations system had a more coherent and coordinated response to policy directives and mandates, and the Commission expects the Secretary-General's report to the General Assembly in its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 in the implementation of comprehensive and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations and major conferences and summits.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 7 (a) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Committee emphasized the need for the CEB to review the inter-agency coordination of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Access to electronic transport questionnaires and national organizations on the draft instrument
For example, it must be necessary to take into account the cross-border aspects of the border.
An important recommendation on the establishment of a network of the Network's Network was raised, which should be taken into account.
New York
Their pensions have increased from the age of the retirement and the age of the age, and increased to 38.7 per cent per cent per month (approximately 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property losses
The Claimant further stated that the agreement agreed on 6 August 1990 and the agreement had not been signed by Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The claims covered by the Panel's claim for the review of a claim of $1.5 million claims; E claims claims were reviewed in the field of oil sector; E2 claims were reviewed by non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities; EE claims reported the review of non-expendable property and engineering claims; E-F claims were reviewed by the Secretary-General's claim to review the claim of the claim of $1 million.
Decision on the payment of claims submitted by the fifteenth instalment of claims (S/AC.26/Dec.21)
UNIDO established a large-scale-scale programme of cooperation with the Islamic Bank for Development and Export Credit and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented by four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen).
(a) In Latin America, the new activities in Chile and Uruguay had begun.
In Ethiopia's establishment of a number of sophisticated waste methods, the design of the modalities for the process of development activities in several countries ( cleaner technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of the report;
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19), and orally amended the following dates of the Ad Hoc Committee to the Ad Hoc Committee on 2 June 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the work of the Working Group of the Sixth Committee for the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• The number of small arms and light weapons affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they do not require assistance in the implementation of national legislation and to provide assistance to the implementation of legislative capacities.
(m) A copy of the import licences of the foreign authorities and the import of export licences to the local authorities in the absence of imports;
(f) To enhance cooperation with States to exchange information on weapons related to weapons, and to ensure the legality of the shipment of carriage in the airport, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a standard management system for the financial and/or the Central Bank Office of the Central Bank of the Central Bank, which will provide training and assistance to effectively use the system.
1 General Service (Other level) (English)
1 P-4 (M)
• The documents submitted by the Attorney-General and the Ministry of Legal and Policy Services (para. 6, para. 1 (a) and the legal and legal questions of the Committee (see para.
The objective of this subprogramme is to conduct oversight and discipline in the appeals proceedings of the Appeals Court, as follows:
• A number of political and compensation requirements that are required to address victims of torture, which are not unnecessary or difficult in the proceedings,
• General temporary assistants (P-2): 738
Accordingly, the first half of the first half of 2004 would be to be able to use its own capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the situation of women's health and that Luxembourg has been conducting research studies in order to provide disaggregated data disaggregated by the child and child mortality, prenatal-care care, prenatal care and post-natal care.
The interpretation of the rights of the third right to good faith shall not be interpreted.
The Convention does not exclude the State party's right to exercise any criminal jurisdiction in accordance with the law of the State party, without prejudice to general international law.
The State party may provide a reasonable request to the requesting State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the State party in order to implement this request.
If the State party has not yet established such agreements or arrangements, these States Parties may consider the application of the present Convention and to cooperate with law enforcement cooperation under the Convention.
Stresses the importance of the implementation and implementation of international peace and security and stresses the need for further, universal, universal and effective implementation of international peace and security, as well as the possibility of eliminating the use of chemical weapons in all mankind, as well as the possibility of eliminating the use of chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to promote the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the United Nations Staff Regulations and Rules, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of the United Nations Staff Rules, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures, in accordance with the provisions of the resolution, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 3/13 B of 3 November 1980, in which the University of the Islamic Republic of Iran (A/Quds) took all necessary measures to implement the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration management to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even though the standards of developing countries are measured, Burkina Faso is a particularly poor country, which presented the gap between the country and the support of the United Nations system, to address the gap between those initiatives.
Does your country have been listed in the name of the list of the listed person?
Another speaker said that the work of the World Campaign on the work of the United Nations in the work of the United Nations has been made.
Environment
Tax incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: tax-free exemptions, capital, capital, capital, sales, value and export and export taxes; and other incentives, such as infrastructure and public installations.
In particular, in particular with the development programme of the cluster, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions proposed the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could lead to the timing of the proposal.
The scope of this period is wide.
The programme of gender mainstreaming in the programme of work for the biennium 2000-2001 was the concept of integrated budget documents, which was adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of the decisions adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of the Programme of Programme and Coordination, including the Programme of Programme and Coordination, to ensure gender mainstreaming in all programmes, medium-term plans and programmes.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped the destruction of property, confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian people, the dismantlement of roads, the construction of the roads and the other other measures of the peaceful coexistence of Israel in East Jerusalem.
The role of humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and displaced persons, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations, have been limited to the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.
Emphasizing that results-based management is the full implementation of the Tribunal's work, and that the Tribunal's work would be expected to achieve the desired results in appropriate consideration.
(k) To participate in the activities of the United Nations system: the President of the General Assembly will be a meeting of the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Other 5 cases are cases of seven accused; these cases are one of the three accused, one of the accused accused, one of whom were one of one accused of the accused and one of the accused accused accused, K.K. Kijij case, three accused.
On 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which had ratified 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other law members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the United States citizens of the United States had been arrested and sentenced to the arrest of radio broadcasting programmes, and the three years of the State's National Security Service; Mr. Yura Zong, and 16 per cent of the status of the State's status in the Hong Kong Office of China, and 16 per cent in the Government of Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities to pay the responsibility of the United Nations authorities to resolve the conflict and hostility of Arab peoples.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the serious nature of these allegations, noting that it was not not the first version of such incidents, and he regretted that the Government had failed to respond to his communications.
The concept of freedom of expression is a key element of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will achieve its maximum aspirations, namely the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be the base of the Global Counter-Terrorism Union.
I am confident that there is a need for a serious analysis and careful judgement on the modernization of the United Nations system.
The authorities have been established, as it is the same.
These indicators include national health and other institutions to improve national objectives and plans to improve reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
The Special Rapporteur has made the Special Rapporteur to make every effort to ensure that the democracy of Iraq is firmly rooted in the human rights culture of Iraq and will be brought to justice in a serious, systematic and systematic manner.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 would be used for the entire period of action for mine-action development projects (MDGs).
The full text of the statement on agenda item 7 was contained in the text of the report, as contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.68685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should be requested to discuss the relationship between the United Nations Convention on Space Applications and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid the issue in two forums.
The Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Parties has developed a series of model provisions.
The Working Group shall review the information contained in the report, and the information contained in the information is aware of or suspicion of money-laundering.
The Panel will continue to complete this task in its deliberations at its meeting on specific issues of the London Group.
In this regard, the establishment of the United Nations Radio Centre for Radio's Information is the right of its own status.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are designed to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade, commodities and external debt.
The Chairman said that, in consultation with the Council, the Council decided to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read as follows:
Specific human rights and freedoms
In his letter dated 27 November, the Secretary-General issued a letter of the Prime Minister's letter, which is still awaiting the return of the Government of Israel, and he was the staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The draft revised draft recommendation recommended by the Convention on interim measures for interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/P.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Variant B will have a serious impact on this process.
The web site is scheduled for early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate on the protection of civilians and the promotion of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there is a urgent issue of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda has agreed with France and Germany, as a result of the question of human cloning, which may affect the problem of human cloning.
The Inter-American Development Bank was in place to promote the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean.
There has been a large number of institutions to provide financial assistance, advice or form of support.
“The United Nations system, including the private sector, has been designed to identify the needs of the international community, including the private sector, to support the financing of innovative sources, including the private sector.
As at 31 December 2002, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) was responsible for the training of the health insurance scheme in 2003 and the establishment of a new post-care insurance scheme.
In the amount of this amount, $1,299,291 is a reserve for 2001 to cover the amount of payment of implementing partners in the amount of the amount of the implementation of partners.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve the achievement and expected accomplishments of the following two assumptions: (a) adequate extrabudgetary contributions to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (b) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda on the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda on the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Support services
Some delegations announced that they have recently taken action on the implementation of legislation, in order to develop or reform the status of refugee status, other delegations have taken steps to facilitate the responsibility of UNHCR to determine the status of refugee status.
After the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission had taken a high priority for the number of ratifications required.
Report of the Caribbean secretariat
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States has faced a large number of international terrorism and extremism, which believe that this evil and global threat must not be protected by concerted efforts to combat it.
The Islamic Bank is the International Accounting Standards.
3-4 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 2 Relationship between the agreements and commitments reached by the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of internationally agreed development goals, particularly in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting Follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development
Amendments to article 98 of the Regulations: 30 October 2003;
There are no criminal responsibility for the children of nine years.
In accordance with the Penal Code, it shall be liable for criminal liability, in accordance with the Penal Code, the sale, sale and other types of illicit trade.
Background
The equipment and systems have not been used in non-existent and “the degree of time”.
Strongly condemns the increasing number of forms of violence in humanitarian operations, inter alia, murder, rape, rape and sexual assault, armed robbery, abductions, abduction, abduction and illegal arrest, abductions and arbitrary detention and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
The literature considers that the treaty established a strict and objective principle of liability to address extreme hazards.
However, the injured State is the entire country.
It is important that the law of the enacting State should be chosen between the law of the State party.
“The “peace”” was demonstrated by the fact that the Court seeks to measure the approach to the environment.
The company's Indian Corporation is not unable to take voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of the Act on Money Laundering in 2003 (Act No. 35 of 5 April 2003) provides that financial institutions and other transactions related to financial transactions (in bank, monetary companies, banking companies, credit companies, loans and real estate companies)
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (formerly the Office of Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the work programme of the following programme.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will also be held, in particular in the field of justice, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Information Committee, I will assure you that I will continue to cooperate fully with all efforts to better promote the work of the General Assembly.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing also that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender-based awareness and multidisciplinary knowledge based on the successfulization of the system;
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited, K. K. M. M. M.
They also called on the measures to ensure that the elements of the civilian population and the civilian occupation of the civilian population and improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's observations that the best discussion of globalization could be discussed in a more detailed manner.
International mining and metal Group
2003/22 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Transnational brokering can be a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons of arms, which is not a key means of legitimate means of means, and they have been affected by the embargo and groups of the embargo, rebel gangs and terrorists.
Mr. President, my delegation wishes to commend your predecessor's predecessor, Uganda, Mr. Yama Yakakakka, for the work of the Commission during its fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralization of synergies
• International Law Institute, African Legal Centre (Uganda)
The World Bank experience in India's experiences in India showed that the management of the SMART is the way for the use of the Internet in the form of the media's services in the field of the United Nations System's Integrated Information Centre and the certification of the registration of the system.
Calls upon States, international organizations and international organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to achieve the goals, strategies and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
The Union agreed that, in the autumn of the spring-day debate on self-government, the Government will have to establish a government entity/wide decision on self-government matters and will be decided on the issue of a decision on the issue of self-government.
The conditions of these conditions are as a primary political priority.
To this end, incentives to be taken to empower them must be strengthened.
The subsidy programme has equal opportunities for equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network, which provides objectivity, frequent and accurate reports for children against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a member of the human rights organization of the indigenous peoples.
In this regard, the seminar has been a significant role, including a British representative, and he was personally aware of his own words, he was personally aware of the genuine ideas of Anguilla on self-determination.
It should be requested that a special feature of the Millennium Development Goals was prepared by the following agencies: UNFPA's reproductive health, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR) and the Economic and Social Commission for the Advancement of Humanitarian Affairs (A/AIDS) and UNIFEM (ICT) and UNIFEM.
(vii) To encourage and support coordination and coordination between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and government, to maximize the benefits and support of gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
Discussions discussed the negotiations on environmental commodities and services on environmental commodities and services.
The Group of 77 and China expressed the support of the Commission in addressing these issues and expressed support in the context of measures to enhance competitiveness, diversification and diversification of their products.
The secretariat of the Secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings of the United Nations and the first meeting of the Commission on Latin American and Caribbean States in Latin America and the Caribbean, which was held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management, the Indonesian banks requested the two banks to report suspicious transactions to reporting suspicious transactions and to impose administrative sanctions to non-compliance.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and-depth assessment of national responses and recognizes the need to meet the needs of the regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives.
This is a decision of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director is responsible for the executive and financial services of the Executive Board in accordance with article 3 of the rules of procedure of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Ways and means of peaceful use of outer space
Costa Rica
The rules of registration for the registration of space objects under the Convention is equally applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years, the views of States have been made, but it was important to explore the new bridges of the new bridge between them.
His delegation hoped that the international consensus on this issue would be the need to vote in favour of the voting of Belgium.
We therefore believe that the Security Council formally heard the views expressed by the General Assembly on the views and recommendations of the Council on the report.
We hope that the report of the General Assembly will provide useful feedback to the Council to improve its work in the future.
Annual
Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing grave concern at the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Notes that the third session of the Preparatory Committee of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to make every effort to submit recommendations on the report and the outcome of its previous meetings, as well as the outcome of its previous meetings;
A/57/64, A/57/575 and Corr.1 and A/57/223.
Welcomes the signing or ratifying or acceding to the Convention, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/88);
The team visited the plant of the plant, which asked about the construction of the engineering plant, adjacent to the construction of the construction of the construction and production of the natural gas company (N.e. N.C.C.C.C).
The Government of Colombia supports the Government to seek its control of territorial control and defend national sovereignty, combating drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthening justice and promoting social development in areas of conflict and armed conflict.
Australia
See A/58/219.
The present chapter discusses the process and outlines some potential ideas for the implementation of voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a set of voluntary guidelines for the adoption of a intergovernmental working group.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, articles 55 and 46 of the Charter of the United Nations, international cooperation in development is a obligation to achieve sustainable economic, social and cultural rights to all States.
Question:
It will be responsible for ensuring the effective use of the rental of air assets, monitoring of the contract contracts for air transportation, ensuring compliance with the establishment of established contracts; to ensure the liaison between air traffic control, access to information and services in the field of air control, the maintenance of information and services.
Notes
In its resolution 56/155 of 19 December 2001 and resolution 57/20 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to provide a comprehensive report on international cooperation in the field of human rights in the field of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be appropriate for special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At its 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the most important problems of developing countries, the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, have also been faced in the size of the small island, such as those of their small, remote, remote, remote, remote, remote-scale, remote-scale and high-term financial burden, and the heavy financial burden of the water and technology of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters and the heavy financial burden.
I would not be sure that this seminar will be genuine to the people of the Pacific, and the United Nations will participate in the dialogue with the administering Powers.
In particular, the Committee is particularly important for the representative of Tokelau, which said that the work of the Special Committee had been a success of the work of the Special Committee, which is a success of the “human society”.
These activities have a range of effects, and most emphasis on the best use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power stations, monitoring and improvement of skills.
There is a need for a woman's wife to accept the nationality of women.
With the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services institutions, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, and the increase in agricultural activities, while the return of thousands of refugees have further exacerbated.
With regard to the second indicator, unpaid contributions by Member States, although the volume of unpaid contributions was very significant, the end of the first year of the end of 2002 is to be $81.8 million, and the end of 2001 was $2,01 million.
The representative of Mexico addressed the national strategy for development and sustainable development in the country as a strategy for protecting land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people have been witnessing violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water supply system in El Geneina and the surrounding displaced areas of refugees and internally displaced persons.
Establishment of a terrorist group
Latin America
Stresses the importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocol of the Convention;
The management of forest management does not require gender disparities in need of needs and priorities, and to ensure that women's independence have access to access to the right to use and rights of women, with women's access to forest resources and to protect forest resources.
Draft report of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the preparatory process for the first session of the Committee
Article 8
Step 13: Further verification of the necessary verification capabilities to ensure that all parties comply with the Treaty on Disarmament, thereby build and maintain the world's world.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The NGO Association of Non-Aligned American Association stated that discrimination in the administration of justice is not only a poverty problem, since the majority of the people of African descent and the lack of discrimination in the justice system.
Corruption against corruption and the promotion of the Minister's Vision, M.I. World Bank.
The United Nations will make every effort to assist the Director-General and its Government to implement the road map and to bring peace path.
“25. The need for further consideration of the rights of the rights under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the need for further elaboration and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties to implement the rights of the Covenant under the Covenant.
It was also pointed out that the length of the time frame would not be proportionate to a certain exceptions in the right to security and that there is a need for a number of exceptions, rather than the time frame for a acquisition security right.
A number of recommendations addressed under Chapter VII should be addressed.
A independent assessment of the implementation of projects and projects with beneficiary and donor agreements will be conducted.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy to bring the economic and long-term benefits of the economy of Israel.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Combined periodic report of the Committee on the Elimination of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there were 35 women in Parliament not only of the victory of women in Cuba, and that the number of women in Muslim countries had been successful; and all women have shared this victory.
Provisional agenda for the provisional agenda
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the Palestinian people in the north of the Gaza Strip, which killed Palestinians and destroyed the property of the Palestinian houses.
States are not unwilling to freeze the issue of such a tangible asset in the possession of business or property.
In 272 individuals, the whereabouts of the known persons were very few.
It is also possible to ensure that the list of the list of individuals in the world have been involved in the scope of the present world, which will continue to be able to engage and identify their assets or to avoid measures to avoid the implementation of the implementation of resolution 1390 (2003).
It seems to be noted that there is a need for further consideration.
The unique form and causes of the HIV/AIDS pandemic in Southern Africa, and the fact that the situation of Iraq is to be clearly determined by the United Nations to define the humanitarian role and responsibilities in this area.
The present report describes the progress in the implementation of the Millennium Partnership's progress in the implementation of the Millennium Partnership and the challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a free-free port to facilitate access to the manufacture of firearms.
Further progress in the process of establishing the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive results of the review.
A statement was made by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the fact that the fact that the Kosovo Serb leaders had been in the form of the present document, the Kosovo Serb Serb leaders has been able to maintain.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and to provide the necessary resources.
How can it be clear that the formulation of the concept of the original document, the Constitutional Framework and other applicable standards and other laws, as well as the original criteria for the purpose of this important document?
Family-based forest owners and local communities are now aware of the fact that there are different values and indicators on forests.
The capacity of the implementation of the Programme's functions is to improve the effectiveness of the country's outreach and awareness-raising efforts: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, Nigeria, Nigeria, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, the occupied Palestinian territories, the occupied Palestinian territories, the occupied Palestinian territories and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
d Includes a net support budget for $55 million and other resources and trust fund recovery funds for other resources and trust funds (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The co-General's support for the private bus and trucks in the capital of the capital of the capital, which has been shot by the Palestinian Authority, and the closure of the Palestinian Court, and the closure of the Court's ruling, has been rejected by the Constitutional Court.
These sanctions have entered into force on 7 July 2003, 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
8 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14 October, 18, 23 and 31 November; 28 and 31 November; 29 and 27 October; 29 and 27 October; 25 and 27 October; 17 and 27; 17 and 27 March; 17 and 27 March; 17 and 24 March; 9 and 24 July 2003; 9 and 24 July 2003;
(in United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection was held on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban on the travel ban, which was the names of the two names of the travel ban and retained the names of the person to the name of the name.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation 8 (a)
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but, while other countries have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear and chemical weapons, the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a increasingly serious problem.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations in the face of the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand had also been fully funded by the International Monetary Fund.
In this future, Thailand is doing their own efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) To recruit members of terrorist groups;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will be completed in the first quarter of 2005 and the second quarter of 2005.
Institutional
UNAMI's caucus will lead to the work of UNAMI to deploy operational planning in Iraq and to coordinate the activities of United Nations agencies and to provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and resolution 1267 (1999), paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1267 (1999), States shall refrain from all financial assets and financial resources for the freezing of assets of individuals and entities, including those who have or indirectly indirectly or indirectly indirectly, or to ensure that any person or any other funds, assets or resources may be provided directly or indirectly, or any other other, assets or resources.
Kenya has continued to address this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common aspirations to strengthen democracy, not only in terms of rule of law and domination and to strengthen democracy in all societies.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and democracy in order to guarantee the effective role of peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the regional sector is not to create full employment in order to increase the economic growth of the economy.
2003
One solution is a set of a provision that the protection of diplomatic protection is complementary to investment or human rights protection, but it must be necessary to adopt a binding decision on judicial decisions or arbitration decisions, as well as the protection of protection.
His delegation believed that the best choice of the best choice is the responsibility of the operator to assume civilian liability, and the remaining liability is to be borne.
The topic on the use of the legal system on the loss of transboundary harm caused by hazardous activities is the continuation of the discussion of the draft articles in the context of prevention.
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) To continue sustained growth in the economic downturn and financial crises, the economic downturn and the financial crisis of space.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: Discussions on the issue of trade and environmental capacity-building workshops in Singapore, in Singapore on 16 May 2002, discussed discussions on this issue.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources in recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the upcoming-level dialogue for the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue in the public sector and civil society.
(Signed) E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (non-Arab)
They also emphasized the need to address outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW, which would pave the way for effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Developing countries in developing countries may also focus on several SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/355, UNOPS completed the implementation of the recommendations.
An open debate on these issues is considered as a broad impact.
The national forest programme programme project has been organized by FAO and has been supported by many donors and developing countries in the country.
In the fourth round of balloting (the third round of balloting), Poland provided a two-thirds majority of the two-thirds majority of the members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term on 1 January 2004.
Other sponsors
Agenda items [A C E F R S]
Approves the recommendation of the Committee, as recommended in the recommendation of the Committee on Science and Technology, at its forty-first session, in particular the situation of all States, in particular in developing countries,
Any person who have not been frozen in the United States in the jurisdiction of the United States have been found to freeze the assets or/or criminal penalties of individuals and entities designated by the terrorist assets, which were found in the possession of the assets of the terrorist assets.
Does your country have been listed in the name of the list of the listed person?
- Law No. 48 of the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. money-laundering cases.
Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Convention and article 12, paragraph 1, invited Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference.
“The economic impact of poverty”
Kenya has provided the aim of strengthening legal measures and other waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that sea-level pollution could be more than 6 per cent of the coastal coastal region, thereby threatening freshwater supplies.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia joined the International Court of Justice to address the dispute's sovereignty in the area of the RM River, the International Court of Justice.
In view of this situation, it is essential to make careful efforts to redress the conservation and management of fisheries and management, and to ensure the long-term long-term maintenance of fish stocks and to urge international community to maintain and restore sustainable fish levels by 2015.
In 2002, the Global Fund approved a project entitled “The Russian Federation's Fund for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Sea of the Sea.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultations
The Special Rapporteur has received several reports that mercenaries were involved in armed conflict, mainly with drug cartels, but also in the non-defence groups and private companies.
Secondly, it is necessary to take a view to the adoption of the Convention's views and mechanisms to be taken to take a more effective commission of acts of mercenary acts and international aggression, as well as the need for a wide range of States parties.
In the context of the country, the development of a interim strategic framework for development and combating poverty has been developed in the country, as a whole.
This dialogue is a major step in the successful implementation and implementation of the Stabilization and Development Process in Kosovo.
My Government supports this process.
Item 128
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided a wide range of support and services in the country's territory in the country.
Mr. Blbert (translated): Members will be able to meet all statements, and on our work.
We have also begun to provide medicines in all parts of the world, and we believe that this is a role.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received a appeal to the Government of the Government to the Government.
While the expertise of the academic and non-governmental organizations have also been a expertise in many demand-reduction issues, it is important that UNDCP should mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the overall programme of work.
(Article 3
Instrument for Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) To develop strategies to promote the cost of the cost of ICT and technology hardware and software, through tax incentives and encouraging use and encouragement for the use and use of the use of information and software software, in order to enable them to make more easily accessible;
At its 7th meeting, the Committee heard statements made by the representatives of UNCTAD, Technology and Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant was expressed that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation provides that the implementation of the implementation plan would be identified.
Other participants considered that the Commission was in the context of the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit, as well as the clear mandate of the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4/4, which includes a clear range of tasks, including the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies have been able to participate in capacity-building in the training of workers in order to ensure the best availability of technology, such as the support of Governments, and the need for appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This is likely to further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides that the Organization has provided a number of measures under Chapter VII of the settlement of conflicts under Chapter VII of the Charter.
What we need to do?
First, I would like to congratulate the tragic events of 19 August, which led to Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleague, the United Nations civil servants, expressing the sympathy of Pakistan and the people of Pakistan.
They are not only the military presence of peacekeeping operations, but also in many other areas, their national policy and their political arrangements.
Not all international peace and security requires United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Distribution of resources by component
The programme of work is prepared in accordance with subprogramme 3 of the medium-term programme programme for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-seven Africa countries are particularly concerned at the outcome of the thirty-ninth session of the Commission on Least Developed Countries.
Mr. R. G. (France) (spoke in French): Allow me to express my appreciation to Mr. Morris, who would like to express his gratitude to Mr. Morris, that I would like to make a statement on the very important information and figures.
The audit has been implemented in accordance with the common auditing guidelines established by the General Assembly, and shall be implemented by the General Assembly in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations.
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do so?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), which has entered into force in the region of the region, and the fact that the fact that the first meeting of the General Assembly at its 18th meeting, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, also takes into account the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the International Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/166) was issued in October 2002, which has been endorsed by Security Council resolution 1457 (2003), which had been a cause of the issue of the use of resources and human rights violations, and that the root causes of the war is deeply rooted.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of the number of cases: Mr. Blala and his families and their families in the Democratic Republic of the Congo are the threat of the arrest and death of the Congolese authorities; he called for MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He noted that this visit clearly demonstrates the cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards of proceedings
After one year, the United Nations adopted the resolution on small arms, which is a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States to combat the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons in the light of the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated, and it has been a lot.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope, Mr. President, we hope that the Council will be under your auspices and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We regularly hold staff with staff and in the field of Kosovo, which has been referred to in Kosovo, which is part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the President of the African Union for the interim President of the African Union and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials were also attended by senior officials of the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC).
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders involved in planning and monitoring of CCAs, United Nations Development Assistance Framework, PRSPs and the Millennium Development Goals;
Germany provided its commitment to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, and the commitment of the recent countries in the framework of trade liberalization, debt burdens and the Group of Eight African Action.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the work of the Authority in the future programme of work should be found in appropriate ways to ensure that the environment in the context of the environmental emergencies contained in document ISBA/6/C/12/12.
The work of the Working Group on the Prevention of Minorities, treaty bodies and minority groups, which found many problems faced by minorities and minorities, are faced in the settlement of disputes and conflicts.
The Working Group's activities are very valuable, not only because of the discussion of its discussions, as well as the changing practices and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/428, A/58/127, A/58/277, A/58/277, A/58/347, A/58/587, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/582 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on international assistance and cooperation in Central America (under agenda item 40 (b) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Panama)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003 in Geneva and the Global Forum on the Information Society.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss the text of these texts.
No legislation.
Annan
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to support the lack of funds and support for the implementation of the programme of social and social support programmes and the efforts of the national society to establish the national efforts.
(c) In paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 the words “and developing countries and countries in transition with economies in transition” to replace the number of Member States in developing countries, economies in transition and in general representation of women;
Subsequently, Romania also joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
Several initiatives at the international level will be based on the formulation and adoption of a common data on the formulation and adoption of common data on common data.
Recent initiatives on data sharing models have been conducted in three-State initiatives.
The State party should ensure that the implementation of the programme of reparation should be implemented and the Government should allocate sufficient funds.
The adoption of the Declaration adopted by the Fourth World Trade Organization at its fourth session in Doha in 2001, confirmed that the flow of movement, production and clearance of goods in the goods, including transit goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in this area.
(e) To promote the objective of gender balance in all public officials and take all appropriate measures to encourage the political parties to participate in the equal and equal opportunities of all elected and non-political officials;
Draft resolution on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (under agenda item 11 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolutions 56/169 of 19 December 2001 and resolution 2002 of 22 April 2002 on human rights and terrorism,
To that end, it is essential to ensure that scientific progress will benefit from individual individuals and in respect of fundamental human rights.
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The UNMIK Mission, Kosovo and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings in the past few weeks have been carried out in a number of weeks, as well as the perpetrators of criminal offences in armed conflict.
Encourages the use of new public-private sources of financing for development, which would not be appropriate to developing countries in developing countries, and noting that such sources are not appropriate to developing countries, as described in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with the international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, a foreign and stateless person in the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited or sentenced to foreign or stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Participants agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
There must be negotiations on the basis of a lasting peace in order to allow the two sides of the two States, a independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State in Madrid and Oslo, as well as the establishment of the Security Council resolutions of the Security Council on the basis of maintaining the principles of peace and reunification within borders.
Name;
It also provides data and analysis and analysis of information and the system's analysis, and the United Nations country team will ensure that the results of the results is to be achieved and looked forward.
This system is based on results based on results, and more concise, more than UNDP focus on learning and knowledge.
In this case, article 31 of the Vienna Convention, in accordance with article 31 of the Vienna Convention, was not applicable to the relationship between two Parties, which is not applicable in the relationship between reservations and the reserving State, which is the result of the scope of the reservation to the scope of the treaty and the provisions of the reservation.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “Space in space and human rights”, the Task Force of the Mine Development Task Force is mandated to implement a comprehensive global system, in particular international cooperation, to use the use of information, communications and other air services, as well as the use of existing and other air services, with the use of existing capacities and other air coverage.
Dr. Lscar Arias was awarded with a number of 50 women who have been used in the academic profession, such as the University of the University of the University of the University of the United Nations, including the United Nations University of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Agenda item 57
(a) The unit should not exceed one one of the total expenditures of military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family Ministry of the Ministry of Social Unity and the Ministry of Social Welfare are working with the Government's institutional mechanisms to promote and eliminate all forms of discrimination in the field of gender-based standards.
In the light of the use of new heating of wood, coal and fuel, it was decided that the “social programme” was approved by the Government of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, which would be able to increase from more than 100 million people.
A/47/44, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared cost costs for the development of regional disaster management strategies in the Caribbean, and to strengthen the Central Emergency Response Programme.
The United Nations Development Group has made significant achievements in the past year, including the analysis of the CCA and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2
Rule 67 Method of application
In this regard, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “to-sensitive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session, on the twelfth session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice,
(a) Employment of employment: flexible flexibility in the selection of skills and capacity-building in different locations;
However, it is also stressed that some weaknesses are in place, such as the identification of individual and purpose of the organization.
FICSA noted that the private sector had made more than more than the United Nations staff for the payment of employees in the duty station.
One member of the company insisted that the State company is not the public/profit sector, since the other sectors of the sector do not include employers in the activities of the population.
Most members welcomed the proposed revision of the provisions of the duty station.
While members of the members of the Commission and the organizations of the working group have endorsed the proposal for the use of other data collection methods, the representative of the staff members stated that data collection should be completed in some cases, but that the local salaries of the local salary teams should be considered or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Nicaragua, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ecuador, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea,
(i) The advisory services should provide a mission to the Government to promote capacity-building and strengthen national level mechanisms to enhance the development of women's participation in national policies and programmes, focusing on gender mainstreaming and the implementation of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
General Assembly Documents
[States] The general insolvency law should be recognized in order to speed out the application of a similar rule of procedure, as well as the application of a similar rule of procedure, as well as in the application of the financial and financial markets of the State.
With regard to the cost of compensation for these repairs and the cost and valuation of these costs, the Panel finds that the first “E4”” was referred to in paragraph 11 of the First “E4” Report, which refers to paragraph 11 of paragraph 11 of the First Instalment, which is not reflected in the costs of maintenance of the maintenance costs.
These proposals have been discussed in the next report and the holding of a number of follow-up dialogue during the international commercial forum and the Monterrey Conference.
There was a need to know the need for best practice experiences.
However, Algeria has accelerated the process of the international legal law on human rights, which had been completed in 1989 in 1989.
There are a substantial calm in a just calm, which resulted in a reduction in the street demonstrations, but the movement of the United Nations forces in the “One Licorne” force remains often often being harassed.
- Nigeria has made their readiness to provide a secondary medical facility;
It is estimated that more than 5 per cent of cluster munitions have been fired or carried out by the launch of the cluster, which had been used or left in the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility
(b) The responsibility of the person for the maintenance of the dollar
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in the field of cultural heritage;
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments in cooperation with Governments, with the participation and utilization of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the child and the child on the sale of children, child prostitution and sexual exploitation, and urges States to participate in the rehabilitation programme for children and children.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with the various United Nations agencies, were held in 2004 in collaboration with the various United Nations agencies, in collaboration with indigenous peoples and young children in 2004.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, to prepare a report on policies and programmes in the field and to participate in the third forum dialogue.
Also at the same meeting, a statement on the sub-item of the following States and organizations: the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Ms. Kina Kinaka, K.E's Democratic People's Indigenous People; the African People's Indigenous Development; the E-American Association of Indigenous Peoples; the World Development Organization; E.E.E.E.E.
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, which has signed the Treaty.
In urban security, the Office supported the training facilities of the National Police College in Brazil.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The costs are included in various expenditure expenditures: consultants ($422,000), travel ($1,011,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($500,000).
In addition, in recent years, recent investigations were conducted by UNMIK and the United Nations Relief Mission in East Timor, and there is a lack of a resident investigator to implement the planned plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its renewed support for the implementation of the Peace Agreement, the Dayton Agreement on the implementation of the Dayton Agreement for Bosnia and Herzegovina on 10 November 1995, and calls upon all parties to comply with the obligations set out in these agreements and expressed their intention to continue to review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the stabilization forces of the Stabilization Force to ensure the effective management of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with the Charter of the Peace Agreement, to ensure the effective management of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns Israel's destruction of thousands of landmines in the occupied territories of the occupied territories, which has resulted in the continuation of the number of deaths and large material losses.
Reaffirms all the relevant relevant resolutions adopted by the Conference of the Islamic Conference,
Recalling the important provisions of the Conference of the Islamic Conference on the question of this question, in particular the twenty-fourth session of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit, in particular the Declaration of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit and the adoption of the Dakar Declaration,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and report on the thirty-first session of the Islamic Foreign Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Concerned that multilateralism in armaments, non-proliferation and disarmament in the field of disarmament, and recognizing that the unilateral actions of Member States could endanger international peace and security will endanger international peace and security and the establishment of the United Nations and the United Nations;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea on the situation of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution No.
Recognizing that the world economy has become a challenge of increasing globalization and integration of globalization and the integration of strong economic groups and the world's growing liberalization of world trade;
Taking into account the economic difficulties in the transition economy,
Recalling the resolutions of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Summit,
Recognizing that the Charter of the Organization of the Organization of the Islamic Conference is aimed at the efforts of the efforts to defend and protect the principles and principles of the Islamic Heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of these seminars.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant agencies of the United Nations, to raise positive scientific research on the sea level and the impact of positive scientific research on the economic and economic impact of coastal countries and their territories.
The Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held in Tehran, the Islamic Republic of Iran, held in Tehran from 27 to 29 March 2003;
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
No change
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan has issued a letter on 9 March 2003 (decision 10/38-S/363), emphasizing the implementation of article 93 of the Agency's Regulations on money-laundering and the relevant provisions of the official document to be identified by formal documents.
The preliminary report provides a important framework for preventing the legal and practical issues of the use of small arms and light weapons in small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provided protection for indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted 12 protocols, which has expanded non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the global road traffic, injury and maiming of persons,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Jean-Eboutou (Belgium), and Mr. Jean-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
The informal consultations on the draft resolution on the issue of public public health capacity (item 61) of the delegation of China will be held on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of constitutional drafting and current new constitutional processes and stressed the need to ensure that international obligations in Afghanistan are consistent with the new Constitution and to ensure that women fully participate in the process and process of the Constituent Assembly and the Constituent Assembly;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in implementing the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed its satisfaction with the Government of the Government to implement the draft proposal for the implementation of the Agreement, once again expressed the efforts of the Government of France and ECOWAS, and once again emphasize the concern of the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Functions of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President of the Transitional Transitional and Prime Minister announced that the Government was sworn in his oath on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the delegation of the Security Council made the following recommendations: (a) efforts to strengthen the capacity of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces and the police to ensure security; (b) the importance of ensuring peace, peacebuilding and reintegration in Sierra Leone, and (c) that the United Nations system should be able to address the importance of the peace, peacebuilding and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and that the United Nations system should be able to address the importance of the peace, peacebuilding and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and that the United Nations system should be able to address the importance of the peace, peacebuilding and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and that the United Nations system should be able to address the role of the United Nations, peace, demobilization and reintegration of Sierra Leone, and that the United Nations system should be able to take into account the full deployment of the United Nations peacekeeping, peace and reintegration efforts in Sierra Leone; and (d) the need to strengthen the United Nations system in Sierra Leone;
The delegation of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the rate of exchange rates in the report would not avoid and accept the reasons for inflation in non-post expenditure, as well as the reasons for the actual vacancy rate for the year 2002 in 2002, but that expenditures in 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw attention to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to pay particular attention to extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or to prevent further deterioration in the prevention of such cases.
The Special Rapporteur is deeply concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“No to the actual requirements of article 19 of the article 19, in Haiti, it was clear that it was clear to participate in a vote until the Committee on Contributions.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Further reaffirms the Declaration on Principles of Friendly Relations and Cooperation based on the Charter of the United Nations in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The number of troop forces were 3222 persons, which are part of the total number of contingents operating by the United Nations Centre for Disarmament, Demobilization, Reintegration and Reintegration.
In addition, there is a need to deploy a air vehicle for the deployment of two high-level contingents, which will be the capacity of a company of a company in any area of operation.
The fight against terrorism is essential to promote understanding and tolerance among civilizations and to eliminate poverty and inequality and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nisi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, accession to Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Malta, Slovenia, Slovenia and Turkey, the most associated countries, Romania and Turkey.
I would also like to congratulate you on your predecessor's predecessor — the Ambassador of France, to find a very difficult job.
It is regrettable that the world has seen a serious threat to the lives of the world, as a result of the recent incidents of life of 120 people, such as the fact that it is very difficult and more complex, and that it has become a serious global problem, which has become a serious global problem, which has become more effective and effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community recognizes the seriousness of the problem.
We are in the way that the CTC seek to seek and serve as a means of assistance to the United Nations and non-members of the United Nations.
This situation is also further aware of the fact that political considerations may be considered as a motive for the political considerations of the local government to take a positive or negative impact.
Fifty-sixth session
• To promote information on the issues referred to in the relevant bodies and to address the issues referred to in those referred to those referred to in the relevant bodies;
Section 1: What is the development of social capital, policy-based issues: the United Kingdom Statistical Office of the United Kingdom
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and reconstruction of Djibouti
However, the majority of the most overwhelming majority of the EU Directive has not received the statutory rules on information collection, but some of the countries of some countries have already applied the traditional rules of legal rules to the electronic environment.
It is required to clarify whether the vendor service provider is sufficient to determine the message of information or whether the addressee is able to determine the conditions for the basis of the actual information message for the country.
It should be noted that, as the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law does not refer to the issue of the responsibility of the information system in the context of the information system.
The Heads of State of the CIS State Council, inter alia, supported the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation and Ukraine, to commemorate the joint proposal of the International Day on the Prevention of Crime and Disasters.
I now give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation to speak on behalf of the representative of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report, containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding of draft article IV (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Relations with Diplomatic Relations, article 5 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, article 5 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, provides that all individuals are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour law of the host countries.
All funds available to the UNFCCC Trust Fund Trust Fund are used to participate in the eighth session of the COP.
Social activities are a process of creating the continuing process of the world.
• The services provided by the Government;
I would finally like to urge the Council to implement the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement and called for the establishment of a National Human Rights Watch and the Commission on Truth and Reconciliation in order to ensure full and clear attention to the voices of victims.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be able to visit the country at the end of this month.
For example, MONUC has worked with the parties to establish the role of the Transitional Transitional Government in the context of human rights issues?
More progress has been made far far, and millions of Afghan refugees living in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Concluding debate on the general debate (January 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chairman to address the issue in order to address the issue.
Background: The report of the SBI, at its sixteenth session, its seventeenth session and its eighteenth session, considered the request of the Government of Croatia to the implementation of the activities referred to in Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to fully utilize the secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, as well as the secretariat of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Development, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements of the International Conference on Financing for Development and the progress made in the areas of implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, including the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
• Africa should be allocated to the permanent seats of two permanent permanent seats, with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I am particularly reminded to pay attention to the latest urgent appeals of UNRWA to provide important services for thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide more technical interpretation to the extent of the assessment of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba, and thanks to its readiness to facilitate the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties to participate in Havana, and thank the generous facilities of the Conference;
In addition, the occupying forces killed the four-year children of the two years of eight years of the Palestinian boy, Al-Ghah, and that he had been killed in the village of six years, where they have been marginalized in the camps.
In some cases, the level of recruitment is lower than the level of calculating the level.
Pending the preparation of the plan of work, a assessment of the current cycle of deployment of rapidly deployable rosters, namely planning planning and recruitment, and lessons learned.
Extradition and mutual assistance do not have a certain degree of legislation?
(d) (e) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society in the country's second periodic report.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is responsible for the decision of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 48th meetings, held on 27 August 2003, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the amount of $88,000 dollars in the amount of $88,000 dollars for the financial period ended 30 June 2002, in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 16 and 17 of the Mission's amount of income for the financial period ended 30 June 2002, shall be used in accordance with the provisions of the aforementioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The Security Council and the Security Council responded to a timely intervention on our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kuchinsky (Czech Republic)
It should be pointed out that, after 11 November, the United States has been completely responsible for all parts of the United States, as well as to the people of the United States (whether the United States) and Muslims of the United States.
No.
The term “electronic record” was chosen, and it was felt that it is more neutral.
Draft Category: Application applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered a investigation of the murder of young women who had been killed by a woman.
By the adoption of the resolution, the Security Council decided to establish a strengthened inspection system to develop a comprehensive and nuclear disarmament process.
The Government of the Palestinian people and the Government of the Republic of Korea are deeply concerned that war war is not a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq, which would not cause the influx of displaced refugees and refugees.
It is absolutely important to stress that the international community in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), the international community in which the Middle East will not be not confined to Iraq.
Law enforcement measures in the national and international levels should include the content of gender bias and corruption in dealing with relevant occupational workers.
The Committee is first focused on the composition of members of the Committee, including its methods of work, working methods and reporting, and then adopted the terms of reference to the revised and revised terms of reference.
Emerging challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its commitment to the full trust of the United Nations, through the use of all peaceful means of peaceful means, as well as in the context of strengthening the values of the Organization, and to address international disputes in the current impasse.
In this process, we are not only the verification mechanism, and also strengthen the capacity of our efforts to implement the critical tasks — namely the world's scourge of war.
This is the fact that the United States of America had received the allegations before the United States of America that many countries of the world do not agree with the non-compliance — or it is a problem of the concept of cooperation in Iraq?
The present report discusses the International Decade and the United Nations to contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, particularly in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC inspection team
The EU reaffirms the adoption of resolution 57/81 of the General Assembly entitled “Towards peace consolidation in the Middle East”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit consists of 11 posts, three of whom were trained in Professional professionals.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of the space tenure should be the highest priority and should be completed to avoid the negative impact of the work and engineering of the Fund.
The seventh session of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene a expert meeting on FDI and development on FDI and development.
There is a need for a balance between the budget and other considerations.
(Signed) Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani
In the context of the safety and security and cost-effective-effective equipment, and in the context of improving the effective level of equipment and development, the importance of effective coordination at the effective level of technical research and development, while recognizing the need to promote more and faster progress in this area, and encourages the international, national and local technical cooperation.
The following date
The full text of the comments are available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/index/index.htm.
“Welcoming the persistence of illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, particularly in the eastern country, recalling the fact that the Council has consistently condemned these activities, which is a major element of the conflict, and reaffirms that these activities are necessary, and the need to stop these activities, as well as the necessary pressure on all actors involved in armed groups, traffickers and other actors,
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the World Solar Programme 1996-2005,
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in the world's commodity exports had fallen from 7 per cent of the twenty-first century to the twenty-first century.
• Governing Council decision IDB.24/Dec.7 on investment and technology
In its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary announcement of the intention of Colombia to host the first session of UNIDO at its tenth session in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of information networks in the electronic platform and sharing information on lessons learned, existing professional knowledge and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo of the United States of America against Cuba
The dispute between States and disputes should be resolved through peace and mutual respect based on the sovereignty and mutual respect of sovereignty.
In the current context of the current international environment, such measures are to strengthen international relations in the field of global trade and to support all laws, principles and principles between countries in the field of trade and economic and economic aspects.
All of these areas have been the major impact of the embargo, since although there are many restrictions, such as education and cultural culture, in the area of education and culture.
Despite the availability of material resources, Cuba continued to contribute to regional and international drug control through sea and air movements.
Article 6 of the 1998 Banking Law Act provides that the measures taken by the Government include a violation of the fundamental rights of the Government of Belarus in accordance with article 13 (1) of the Constitution of the International Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure, which authorizes the right to privacy or communications of any person, the depositary or communications of the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure, and authorize any person or search any person.
Thus, the total amount of 332 claims in the first part of the Final instalment is $22,282,842,222.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
