I would like to stress that we will continue to work with them.
SBI (Third Committee)
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Chairman mentioned that the Conference had agreed to approve the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention during its seventh session.
Thailand
In paragraph 6 of paragraph 6 the Committee requested the Sub-Commission to consider that any State, in particular the colonial and other non-compliance in the territory of the independent territory, have been committed to the violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission decided to continue its consideration of the matter at its fifty-fifth session.
Earth objects
These include the use of a wide range of land coverage in the design of the DNA-based system, and the collection of data collected by the mapping maps.
A joint initiative of the system is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (CST).
Some of the seven health programmes that have been covered by approximately 600,000 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programme had been established by HIV and AIDS management programmes, but only only more than 3 per cent of the beneficiaries used.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to acknowledge the mental disease of the Kingdom.
In order to investigate the prosecution of suspects, there is a clear examination of the fact that the accused is responsible for the prosecution of the police, such as the accused of the accused, to be held by the accused of the police.
Since July 1999, he had repeatedly participated in the business activity.
A copy of the present opinion will be submitted to the Committee on the Rights of the Child, which is the final nature of the Working Group, which does not have a arbitrary nature of the principle of the nature of the other principles of the State party, which is not in the case of submission.
The Ministers of Arab States stressed the key role of the United Nations in the political process in Iraq and the Organization's need to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and regional actors to cooperate with the Security Council.
We attach particular attention to the issue of health awareness among individuals, particularly armed forces.
China welcomes the fact that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has taken a series of positive measures to enhance awareness of the prevention of HIV-AIDS activities in the Security Council, as well as a number of positive measures taken by the Special Adviser on the Coordination of Humanitarian Operations.
During the regular session of the Committee, the Government of the United States of America received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America to the United States Government's allegations in his letter on the question of the question of the question of the United States Commission on Human Rights during its fifty-ninth session.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken to ensure the protection of their rights as appropriate, as appropriate.
Hong Kong, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
It was felt that, in view of the fact that there was no positive attitude to the creditor's general attitudes, a unique representative of the number of creditors in the number of creditors would be considered to be appropriate.
The Staff College also further use of information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of employees employed in the College were in 37 cases.
Organization of IMO
Office of the Secretariat
The report clearly indicates that the University is increasingly strengthening with other inter-agency cooperation and increased contributions to the Organization.
The SBI agreed that those organizations have been included in accordance with article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the actions taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of States Parties, including one of the representatives of the European Community and its member States and their member States, one of which were speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the work of the two subsidiary bodies, limited members of the members and the Secretariat to continue to participate in the workshop held at the intersessional meeting.
In accordance with the Trial Chamber's Trial Chamber on 2 November 2001, the Miroščččččččččkaka, M.M. M. M. M. M. R. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M.M.
Mr. President, my delegation is very pleased to congratulate you on the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The State party's commitment to the United Nations system:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the following compensation should be made to the claimant's work in the amount of compensation for compensation in the amount of USD 76,849, of the amount of compensation for compensation in the amount of USD No. 40/498 of document No. 27/49/90/49 and 28/99 of the Panel's invasion and Social Council;
Annex I
Mr. O. B. (Switzerland): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for the month of this month and for your success.
Mr. Vassos (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to fill the inherent deficiencies of the Tribunal's premises, the current period of the 1970s and the World Court of Justice on the Prevention and Punishment of All Forms of Slavery in the 1980s and the World Court of Justice.
While we believe that the compromise of compromise should not be linked to an important international treaty in the Rome Statute, we still believe that the Council should act in the spirit of compromise and understanding, and that the Council must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding.
At the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly adopted resolution 57/63 of 22 November 2002 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation”, the international community strongly supports multilateralism.
It is important to call for the immediate use of a FMCT on FMCT, which is not a multilateral document, and I would like to recall that some of the documents were made in this regard.
It is even possible that the United Nations and other aid providers must pay the cost of the cost of the cost of rental vehicles and premises, and that it is a major source of income in Somalia.
All attempts to manage the movement of Somali fishing in Somalia resulted in a large number of funds in the private sector, which are in the past 10 years, and that the amount of the amount of a private population in the past 10 years, and in order to cover the civilian population and the same.
Paragraph 4: “The means of the purpose of which is intended to assist or assist or assist a act of a act or to act, facilitate or act in specific provisions.
At the same time, international cooperation on the action of the International Drug Control Force.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Disabled Persons: the draft resolution on the theme of the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, one Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the areas of the Shab` River River region in the area of the vicinity of the Shab` River River region, and then departed from the Beit Hanoun in Beit Hanoun and then violated Lebanese airspace.
- The adoption of a referendum.
Efforts to strengthen the education sector
* In December 1988, the University of Myanmar and the University of Myanmar did not grant a doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
In recent years, however, the fact that the Convention's coverage and implementation of this Convention is still incomplete and cannot not be fully addressed.
In the light of the draft resolution, the number of tariff rates in developing countries remain in negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention and suppression of terrorism
(continued)
Annex
The rate of unemployment in the age of the age of 20 and 20 years is highest.
Samoa's geography and its good communication and transport systems will be easily accessible.
In addition, health services should be given priority to the concept of “health” and actively promoted the health of a person.
Another important aspect of the participation of women in society is women entrepreneurs, particularly small businesses.
At present, the trend in marriage is changing in the age of marriage, in which the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the United Nations.
C. G. G. M. M., Nutrition and Nutrition, Young Youth, N.
My delegation wishes to reiterate that any decision of the Provisional Institutions must comply strictly with the provisions of the resolutions and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the road map in the process of the transfer process will help to determine criteria, which is essential for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo in the context of Kosovo's status.
We believe, however, that the additional measures taken in paragraph 21 should help to help control and improve the situation.
At the time of the high-level rate, the rate of the results of the orbit can be reduced.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to continue the Division to continue to continue the Division to continue to provide the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continue to work in the work of the current resolutions of the General Assembly, particularly in the region, to ensure further development and the work of the United Nations system on Palestine's rights in all its aspects, particularly in the region, and to develop a annual programme of training for the Palestinian Authority, in particular in the region, and to develop a annual programme of training for the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States of America launched the United States's invasion of depleted uranium in the south of the South and the United States of the United States of America on 8 June and the United States of America's efforts to reassess the “the “F””” in the United States.
Reaffirming that the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other international law and other international law, as well as the fundamental principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done so far to accede to the multilateral instruments of disarmament and non-proliferation in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation in the region, thereby to strengthen the necessary conditions for peace and cooperation in the region;
The scale of drought assessment was established in the global and regional levels.
However, they have not been restricted to the most appropriate indicators.
In the light of the capacity of a small or coastal region, we have preferred the second sub-cutting approach.
Replace:
Owers for World Development
In addition, some participants stressed that human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment have a cross-cutting nature, and should ensure that all development goals are essential.
For example, transit goods in Central Asia have been transferred to transit vessels in the transit of the transit port, and to ensure that there are no prohibited goods in order to ensure that they are not prohibited in the area.
The second is to be considered by individual individuals (e.g. the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
Ibid., Supplement No. 5 and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The strict prohibition of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or in the form of sexual harassment or language.
Wages
Abstract prepared by Mr. Janfan Köl
Case 4355: MAL 34 - Germany, the Democratic Court of the Congo, No. 14-18 (Views)
In two cases, however, it is necessary that it is not a voluntary basis; it is not not under the scope of this topic, but it is applicable to the legal system of the topic.
Recognizing also that the specific circumstances and the different political systems and the fair elections of the world in the world, as well as in different circumstances, in the context of both countries and regions,
It was said that, in accordance with the agreement agreed, there was no formal extension contract.
With regard to interest, the Panel found that the report is paragraphs 19 and 20.
In terms of the retention of the two contracts of the two contract contracts, each contract has been assigned to the amount of payment, and the remaining remaining United States dollars.
The Panel finds that, in case, it provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate the value of property or property, property and property of the property of the property, and the presence of the property in Iraq and Kuwait.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
In the case of the individual employment contract, it is a obligation to pay the travel of the State of Kuwait in the amount of the payment of the person's travel in the amount of the payment of the employees of Kuwait, which is not a day of a day.
The attack of heroin is still ongoing.
Second, in addition to the promotion of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, we must be addressed in the region.
All terrorists have the relevant goals and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results showed that migrants had experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in the field of life.
The recent number of missions deployed in Bunia, from 28 to 30 January 2003, MONUC was deployed to the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in which the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights reported a serious number of serious violations of human rights, including rape, extrajudicial killings, looting and houses.
1To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been sent to the rapid return of repatriation facilities, which is a joint project for UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme for the rehabilitation of housing assistance.
The Government of Albania commended the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States may attract foreign investment because the investment could be beneficial to the economy.
The programme of education will be received to increase additional requirements in the number of girls, especially female students and informal opportunities.
The improvement of institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms will enable the institutional system to ensure the highest role of the system, improve quality and cost-effectiveness.
Support for food support in special hardship
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1 (A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/7/Add.27); A/C.5/582)
In the event of the cluster, the identification and verification of combatants will be determined.
• The need to better utilize the advantages of intergovernmental bodies in order to enable them to achieve common and comprehensive goals, such as the General Assembly, the Security Council, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The South-South delegation agreed to continue the Kimberley Process Process during the first year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of the Ministry of Industry of the Dominican Republic is working on women's work, which is entitled by the Decree-Law No. 555 of the Act.
(a) Strengthening information exchange, especially information on the activities of terrorists, terrorist organizations and other necessary requirements;
Also also concerned the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular in the context of organized crime and organized crime, money laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter may be considered at the thirty-sixth session of the Committee on the thirty-sixth session of the Commission, in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that it is not important to understand the objectives of those reforms, teachers and parents, especially in rural areas, in particular in rural areas, and that the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the evaluation.
Children with disabilities
In close collaboration with the ILO International Programme of Labour on Child labour, ensuring the implementation and strengthening of all international and international legal law in this regard, efforts to strengthen the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, to reduce the number of children working in formal and informal sectors, to reduce the number of children working in both formal and informal sectors, and to ensure that the child's work is to be done in the formal and informal sectors, and to ensure that the work of the ILO is to be done in the formal and informal sectors, and to ensure that the Convention is not working to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Worst Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Committee recommends that the State party consider the full inclusion of article 3 of the Convention, including legislation and practice in the custody of children.
(b) Provide special assistance to children who are victims of parents;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Act on the Family and Family Act 1998 ( 1998) and welcomed the concept and dissemination of the concept of children as a result of reducing the number of children.
Most of the replies responded to a number of respondents reported that persons with disabilities are sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
There is no indication of the fact that the fact that this is to be done in this process, but it is clear that those of those who have been made in this process, as they have been made in the Hall.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation for maintaining the noble mandate of the peace process must be broad and complex.
These factors are accompanied by the increased demand for new water and transport requirements, which is one of the reasons for the transport and the use of greenhouse gases in the transport sector.
Figure 7
Parties have reported policies and measures on all sectors.
The positive review of Annex I Parties to Annex I (resolution 31 March 2003) indicated that the future role of the current international mechanism for the implementation of the new international mechanism and the results of the existing Parties in the context of climate change.
Norway was grateful to the long-term level of water prices and a reduction of 10 per cent to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States indicated that they provide data on the national and international research industry.
It is generally recognized that data quality is acceptable.
Detailed details of the modalities of the Parties are detailed.
Despite the increasing number of technical assistance, the requirements of the United Nations Mission for Peacekeeping Operations has been reduced.
Particular attention is to be the issue of legal, logistical and other issues to choose the selection process.
The mission will be crucial to the Congolese parties and the region of the region, in which it is important to provide progress on the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first to the Council to inform the Council to address the key issues of the protection of civilians in conflict in conflict.
Indeed, he is committed to all of the all aspects of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always stated that it is a urgent problem in depth.
Mr. Gzz (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my appreciation to you, Sir, on behalf of the delegation, to see you this meeting.
The European Union is deeply appreciative of the commitment of the Security Council to the protection of the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on the agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to stress that, despite the ultimate adoption of these issues, the necessary deployment of the international security forces in Afghanistan will continue to be required, and the need for a strong force of the international security forces and the confidence of the international security forces in order to create the necessary security environment and confidence.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is a result of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
I would like to appreciate the political will of the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw my attention to the recent activities and ongoing work of the Monitoring Team, which will be aware of the real situation of the current countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz for his work and work of the delegation of Chile, and the Monitoring Team and the Secretariat, and the Secretariat, to continue to improve the key United Nations instruments in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the recent steps taken by the Secretary-General and the Council to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to deal with humanitarian issues and to address transparency and transparency.
A proposal was therefore made.
I would like to refer to the informal plenary meeting on the production of fissile material on the production of nuclear weapons and other explosive explosive devices, which is part of the present meeting, which is part of the Netherlands.
Languages of the International Trade Organization/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (16 December 2003)
We therefore believe that this paragraph is not in conformity with international law and Germany, and regrets that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council in promoting the peace process in the United Nations, and we actively evaluate the decisions of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the United Nations peacekeeping forces.
• Price statistics for the price of IMIS; three three outputs;
(a) Legal, regulations or other authorized provisions to provide individual data; and
According to the survey of the survey, it was confirmed that its statistical sector had been involved in the past five years of cooperation in international cooperation, which had been identified by the Ministry of Statistics, and that the statistical sector is not only in the field of international cooperation, and to the extent that there was a number of Governments to participate in international cooperation in the field of international cooperation.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to promote universal efforts, as a non-nuclear-weapon State to accede to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim Al-Madh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification and Desertification (A/57/177)
(c) Many countries of African Africa face the risk of transport, from the rate of air expenditures in Africa.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance to developing countries in the field of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided to adopt the General Assembly,
Ms. Oáana (San Marino): We have been able to participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: On behalf of the representative, the representative wishes to speak on the vote just adopted by the Security Council, as well as those of the representatives.
It was (decision 58/54).
KFOR has been engaged in the illegal cross-border incidents, which were detained by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
UNMEE continues to be limited to the freedom of freedom of movement in the Temporary Security Zone in the area of the Temporary Security Zone.
However, in the case of the case of international law, some organizations have recognized the legal qualifications of the members of the representative of the group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR seriously affects the implementation of its strategy, since which UNHCR's report, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Refugee Commissioner (A/58/133), UNHCR has been able to maintain a half of the resources required in 2003.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be disseminated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be elected in accordance with article 28 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 38 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or his representative may take oral or written statements to the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
In favour of votes and votes to vote
If the Committee or the pre-session working group are informed to submit information on the information contained in the report, it may be requested that the State party may request additional information and identify the time for submission.
Meetings and interviews 18
The Working Group and the designated Special Rapporteur
Rule 45
Proceedings of admissibility of admissibility
Post-election
The leaders of the military leaders are not forced from those combatants, which are in the hands of the various forces.
The three individuals were subsequently killed by José, which is killed by the death.
It should be reviewed in order to determine the quality of quality services, which should continue to be carried out by the Office of the Central Support Office, but should be extended to the Office of the Central Support Service.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction of transactions shall be established by the Working Party, and the transactions related to the transaction of the transaction has been reported.
However, in the absence of the availability of these translation services in the local market, the cost of the cost of the cost is not possible.
1 December 2002 (Amendment)
For the “equality” for “equality” is a list of information materials for primary school teachers, 1994.
A special initiative for the implementation of the World Health Programme (III).
The Act is a comprehensive approach to address all aspects of employment, including employment, employment, employment, promotion and vocational training.
Therefore, the current age right to the age of 18 weeks of age and third to the third 10 weeks of age.
The table below sets out the number of estimates for the capital master and staffing requirements and the number of the estimated number of children for children.
The Ministry also provides that such services should be provided through the establishment of a official service for the family of women, in order to reduce the human rights of women's families, and that such services would be provided to women's rights and to protect their violence.
(b) To pay pay maternity leave or the maternity leave for general social welfare, without prejudice to the term of the term;
Article 8
If the list of this list will be updated, the list will be updated to provide a central body for border control.
However, the prospects of 2003 will remain the impact of the current global economy.
Although the poor's education and health levels is a good goal, it is very much of the positive development of the country's overall development.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the implementation of Agenda 21 of Agenda 21 — in which the United Nations Environment Programme and Conference on Environment and Development had made a direct response to the objectives of the United Nations Environment Programme for Environment and Development, which will help the international community to implement a number of environmental objectives.
The ESCAP Regional Working Group on Science and Technology for Science and Technology in the region was held in the region.
In accordance with paragraph B, the “information message” contains a electronic signature of electronic electronic signatures, but it would be acceptable to the Secretary-General.
To date, WHO has developed data collection data in the national health surveys.
According to the information received by the Commission, the savings in which the savings has resulted in a number of overexpenditure and expenditure, including the cost of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of a total facility, the amount of USD 1,929,900, and the construction of the construction of the rental, refurbishment and construction of the rental of a total amount of $22,900, and the amount of USD $1,284,800 for the rental and construction of a total amount of $22,600, for the total amount of USD overexpendit3,800.
The role of microcredit for the role of microcredit as a alternative-cost lender.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chambers will be expected to complete the following: 12 trials of 12 trials, six pre-trial trials, six pre-trial procedures, six appeals proceedings, the final appeal of the Trial Chamber, and the final appeal of all other parties.
In addition to the great concern of the conflict, in spite of the positive intention of the World Summit in the Millennium Summit, it has been developed and adopted in the Millennium Summit, but still the international community has not yet done a major issue.
Mr. Oouo (Costa Rica) (spoke in French): We have the honour for this first meeting, which has taken action in this year and determine the steps for a new life of our organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concern for the well-being of our country.
Human resources management
In accordance with the criteria set out in certain prior cases, the report will be able to monitor the effective monitoring of human rights policies, guidelines and practice.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to pay high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and preparedness mechanisms, including humanitarian emergencies, in order to identify the situation of all human rights violations of all human rights;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the provisions of the settlement plan;
During the period under review, a significant change has been made on the situation of the Organization or other international non-governmental organizations under the country's status.
The Ministry of Women and Women is responsible for the administrative responsibilities of the family group.
Various studies have been carried out on the evaluation of gender-sensitive information and the media media.
Draft report of the Committee
Specific gender issues were taken into account in the formulation of health and related programmes.
It is imperative that it is imperative.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 11 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Algeria)
Meetings of the African Conference
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important measures were taken to be imposed by the Committee's previous concluding observations, as well as the Committee's previous concluding observations.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union, and it hoped that the European Union and the European Union was signed in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts of this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to enable public awareness of discrimination against discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee noted that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, the population and legal guarantees of indigenous women and Afro-Saharan Africa are still still discriminated against discrimination.
The State party should provide information on the rights of indigenous peoples in the next periodic report and to provide information on the right to the use of indigenous peoples in the form of traditional land.
The Committee emphasizes that the State party's responsibility to provide assistance to the “disulsion”” to “the ship” and recommended that the State party intensify its efforts to raise compensation and resettlement.
In order to meet the work of these bodies, the Committee requested the State party to consider the situation of racial discrimination in the next periodic report.
The Committee encourages the State party to consider legal law to define the scope of the concept.
In spite of the repeated requirements of the Committee, Papua New Guinea, the New Guinea has not yet fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, but also not submitted to the Committee on the basis of the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data in the country's national policy, the Committee recommends that the State party provide its annual statistical estimates in accordance with paragraph 8, paragraph 8, of the guidelines, and the attention of the State party to the report of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the ethnic groups, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines.
The Committee recommends that the State party's submission of the public use of the public public use should be available in the case of the State party's report.
Addendum
She would like to inform the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on this statement.
Requests the secretariat of the Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to publish data on the list and reporting of national inventories submitted by States Parties in Annex I to the present report and to the Secretariat of the Secretariat;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, especially in the context of the fourth World Development Plan of Malaysia, showed that it is a key area for the creation of a culture based on knowledge based on knowledge.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and to express the views of the Permanent Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Kinshasa.
(d) To consider the necessary vigilance in the financing of nuclear weapons facilities, in order to prevent the need to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction, taking into account such programmes, taking into account the use of ballistic missiles;
The practice of this approach is likely to find a strong solidarity, the will of the international community to implement the Convention.
In respect of non-post expenditure, funds are allocated to the Ombudsman and its staff; the cost of the maintenance of the general operating expenses of the Office of the Ombudsman, the Office of the Office and the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services; and supplies; supplies and supplies; and purchase equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendation at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 January and 31 January 2003.
With regard to the amendment of 17 December 1973 (resolution 1991 (XVIII) of 17 December 1963, the General Assembly will take into force the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council, from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yoshiozaki (Japan) will fill the appointment of a high-level post (Japan) until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 888)
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 50/1450 of 17 December 1991, the General Assembly decided to consider this issue in the first year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role in the role of the United Nations system and agencies within the purview of the United Nations system and agencies, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the Global Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and has been integrated to consolidate the common functions.
The Ministry of Family Planning is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which was established by the Ministry of Women for the Advancement of Women.
Please describe the organizational or mechanisms of the Government of your country to identify and investigate the relevant financial networks related to Usama bin Laden or the Taliban, as well as the relevant financial networks of Usama bin Laden or the Taliban, or those who are involved in your jurisdiction or to those individuals, groups, enterprises or entities.
The meeting was chaired by the Conference of Experts.
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations must also be required, so that these actors and institutions are able to meet their peacekeeping responsibilities in Africa and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
Although 69 per cent of countries indicated that national policies have access to access to access to access to services, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, social and social barriers, and increase the possibility of HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of HIV infection in HIV infection increased from 20 per cent in 2010 to 50 per cent in 2010, and 80 per cent of pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant mothers, and to reduce the risk of HIV-child transmission.
More effective responses to the long-term maintenance of a long-term and effective response is needed to establish and maintain institutional capacity.
The review of existing existing practices within the United Nations system showed that the following new features of the evaluation of lessons learned at the country level is the following:
These workshops and meetings are held in the meetings of the Commission and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion of this important expansion, the Organization's Executive Board agreed that the ECLAC programme programme is a priority priority.
A new strategic strategy to promote data and access to the use and use of scientific environmental issues are needed to address global environmental issues.
As indicated in the Secretary-General's report, progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Timor-Leste.
These institutions and sectors are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO).
(b) (ii) To carry out any other activities under the contract of the contract of carriage of carriage in the period of the contract of carriage of carriage, provided the loss, damage or delay of such activities.
The second variant was selected, and the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in article 103 of A/CN.9/526, para. (c) (i) should be deleted, and the controlling party may be deleted to retain the unilateral nature of the contract, rather than the provisions of the contract in the contract of carriage, rather than the latter parties.
OIOS also found that it had not been able to appoint or replace the appointment of the staff management management.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to establish and analyse the procedures such as those of the countries concerned.
I should like to note out four points.
UNIDO should focus on the strengthening of the social responsibility of the developing developing developing developing developing countries to increase the production and marketing of production and sales projects; it should assist the developing countries to develop a clear and realistic approach to the development of the social responsibility of the developing countries, and to facilitate training and tools for SMEs.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be made to the date of the date of the present session or at the date of the current session of the session, which is at the same time.
In the absence of the documents that have not yet been issued, it would be estimated to estimate and issued the date.
In order to create employment and efforts to implement the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action, ILO implement the implementation of the International Programme of Action to develop the action plan for women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport of airport
He regretted that this meeting did not have a agreement on the reduction of agricultural trade and agricultural subsidies, which would be achieved by the adoption of the resolution, which would contribute to a increase of $50 million from poverty and wealthy countries, and to help the world population in 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the trust force of the international community to increase the investment for development projects and projects.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination has been studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the work of the tourism sector was the implementation of the revised Model Law Act No. 9779 of 8 August 1997, and the implementation and approval of strategic action plans, including the establishment and implementation of strategic action plans, including the establishment of a joint unit of action, to improve the management and protection of marine heritage.
Paragraph 4
Requests the United Nations bodies, including through the national level, in its mandate and work, to take due consideration in the work and work of the United Nations, taking into account the reports of the Declaration and the Special Representative, and invites the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to address the report of the Secretary-General, including at the national level, to the attention of the Special Representative;
It was also welcomed that the Joint Statement of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the implementation of the implementation of the Strategy for Drug Demand Reduction was also welcomed.
She stressed the recommendations of the Ministers on the implementation of national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures to reduce drug abuse in 2008.
The complaint
She said that, in the first speaker, 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the Office of Internal Oversight Services had not been implemented, and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace and to implement the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification would be made to further clarification in the report on the performance of the final performance report.
The delegation of the United States wishes to see the proposed technical analysis of the proposal, and hoped that the Advisory Committee had endorsed recommendations.
(b) To integrate users of users into the design and implementation of the implementation plan.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five existing posts: Chairman, Vice-Presidents and Rapporteur; the Legal Subcommittee, as well as the Chair of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged the developed countries to increase the gross percentage of gross national product for ODA, to reduce the debt burden of developing countries and to developing countries in developing countries, to enable developing countries to integrate their markets into international economic and social development and to reduce the gap between the developed and developed countries.
In order to strengthen the efficiency of the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the parties should be strengthened, and the relationship between the two sides of the United Nations should be strengthened in a stable and stable manner, with a view to enhancing the efforts of the two sides to enhance the security capacity of the United Nations and the security zone.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The authorities of the Sudan are also involved in the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict, with a view to joining the Protocol.
The Controller has not been reminded that the attention of the Committee had received a comprehensive written written clarification on the various informal meetings.
The Committee notes that although the report contains a significant information on the legal provisions of the Convention since the last report of the last report, it was difficult to provide information on the implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and replies are contained in document ST/C/7/7.
In accordance with rule 11, paragraph 5, of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee urges the State party to fully investigate the facts taken by the State party in the absence of a thorough investigation of 15 April 1995 and the penalties for prosecution and punishment, including the right to adequate and adequate compensation, to the end of which the Committee was informed to inform the Committee at 90 days.
The right of his right to be killed by his right to the death of the person who had been subjected to the death of the torture.
With regard to the report of 13 July 2001 (see para.
The Committee's consideration of the consideration of the Committee is that the State party would accept the State party's obligation to return the State under article 3 of the Covenant, namely that it is not reasonable reason that a person may be subjected to torture and to return to the country.
The facts submitted by the complainant
3.3 With regard to article 3 of the complainant, the State party argues that the State party did not prove that the case of abuse of ill-treatment in prisons does not prove the case of torture.
The Council took note of the intention of the Contact Group to review substantive contributions to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General.
The Guide explored the relative applicability of the law in the area of law.
Equatorial Guinea's position on the part of the international forum and forums in the international forum and forums, and the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of United States of America on 11 September 2001 on the occasion of the first anniversary of the General Assembly at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, was held in New York on 11 September 2001, in New York, the President of the United States of America, and the Secretary-General of the United States in New York, and the need to strengthen and protect human rights in international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, a secured creditor secured creditor could be able to verify the protection of the encumbered assets of the secured creditor in the possession of a secured creditor.
A alternative or complementary approach is required to identify the assignee's right to the secured creditor in the possession of the secured creditor, which is registered by the person in order to avoid the situation of the third party.
In the absence of a detailed extent to the relationship between the parties between the parties between the parties concerned and the relationship between the parties, the registration system has strengthened the relationship between both and the secured creditor.
However, in order to minimize the legitimate control of the secured creditor in the third third party, it could also be able to retain the right of the function.
The Advisory Committee is working with the guidance provided in the guidance and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the urgent need for the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna in Vienna to take urgent steps to eliminate and protect human rights;
See chap. ]
Concerned that women belonging to women, women, women and internally displaced persons, women and internally displaced persons, women in rural areas, women's women, women in rural areas or remote communities, are often subjected to violence against women, women, women, women, women, women and armed conflict, and other women, in particular those who have been subjected to violence, women, women, widows and armed conflict,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceded to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should be committed to the establishment of a international environment for cooperation, mutual trust, ensuring the general security of all members of the international community, thereby to eliminate the common security, development and use of nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, environmental and development programmes used the indicators of development indicators rather than indicators of achievement.
Twenty-West Movement, 23 October 2002 and the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs, the Inter-PAS, 18 December 2002.
There is no significant information on Iraq's outstanding information, but not a thorough review of the information provided during the present report.
The peaceful settlement of disputes between the peaceful settlement of the peaceful settlement of the dispute between the parties of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United Kingdom is reflected in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Government of the United Kingdom to continue to engage in a constructive dialogue with the Government of Argentina (Malvinas).
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a document to the United Nations, as a document of the United Nations, for the use of projects under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates of the 2003 estimates include the cost of replacement of additional computer data.
The first session of the Conference of the Parties at the first session of the Conference of the Parties will be included in the provisional agenda for the first session of the Conference
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that those attempts to diversify their export diversification in order to reduce poverty and/or other developing countries had succeeded in reducing poverty levels, indicating that a country's poverty levels and the strengthening of the competitiveness of the country, he stressed the role of the country in its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Although progress has been made in last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined that the Special Rapporteur has remained a matter of concern, and that it has been implemented.
In 2003, more than 70 million people have died in HIV/AIDS, estimated more than 500 million people living with HIV/AIDS (HIV) in the world's population.
Although the initial HIV/AIDS pandemic is considered as a health problem, it is increasingly recognized that it is increasingly recognized by a development, security and human rights.
This cooperation has contributed to information and knowledge to recognize the risk of women's vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
Working Group on the Protection of Nature of the Liability of the Nature of Certain Acts of War
International law: difficulties in the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has slow progress in a effective and reliable judicial system.
The events taken in January 2003 the recent burden of the defence and police force of Timor-Leste in Timor-Leste has led to a serious burden of violations in the proceedings.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the overall strategy of the United Nations system on the Millennium Development Goals in June 2002 and the development of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the overall framework of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as to facilitate the development of national and national organizations to facilitate the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime: budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 provides a decrease of the proposed budget for the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post expenditure in 2004-2005 (including the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the basis of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee (including the recommendations of the Committee) and on the cost of the cost of equipment and equipment and the cost of general operational costs.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Advisory Committee should review a review of the requirements of the present report of the Secretary-General for the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline these arrangements, as appropriate, to improve the efficiency of all activities, and to improve the efficiency of activities and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, in the context of reducing the reduction of information technology resources, it was proposed that the resources for the transfer of technology resources amounted to $48,600 (see para.
At its consideration of the Committee's consideration, the Committee took note of the capacity and recommendations of the ECE secretariat and to discuss conferences and publications.
Article 24 Human rights
Resource growth include a decrease of approximately $2 million (for recosting).
In March 2003, a independent human rights component had been established by the Ministry of Human Rights, which had previously been established by the Ministry of Justice.
It reported that the HIV/AIDS prevention plan and the programme of civil society in the host country and the host country were coordinated.
Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, in the case of terrorist acts committed in Costa Rica, or whether such acts are not true, the Code of Criminal Procedure and the international organizations of the State of the Islamic Republic of the Red Cross or the international organization are punishable by the Penal Code.
In this regard, it was amended to amend articles 274 and 37 of the Penal Code.
On the basis of the Foundation, its legal status is established by the Act of 28 August 1973 on 28 August 1973 and Act No. 53 of 28 August 1973, that the provision of the establishment of a appropriate legal personality of the Foundation in order to ensure the basic legal status of the Foundation, as well as the establishment of a fixed-based asset for the purpose of the acquisition of a fixed-based asset, has been established or assisted by the United States, as well as to promote the promotion of the social welfare of women.
The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to provide greater support to a single family.
At the same time, in March 2003, the agreement reached by the Chief of Staff of the United Nations Office of Staff in March 2003 is currently deployed in Kinshasa, and the civilian armed forces will be deployed in the area of the camps, as well as the monitoring of military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee considered the following 23 Member States:
Review of work
In this regard, the Special Committee noted that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 had been included in the programme of work for the biennium 2004-2005 to the programme of work for the biennium 2004-2005, without prejudice to the decision of the General Assembly to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many of the Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and a substantial progress in self-government.
It was pointed out that some regional economic situation had increased migration in coca cultivation in coca bush cultivation, while in order to address drug-trafficking measures, the illicit drug-trafficking measures, in order to address the sub-border areas of rural areas.
At its same session, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7/2003/L.10, entitled “Strengthening of the use of the new characteristics of the new characteristics of the new characteristics and other types of materials for drug abuse, which was presented by the Council of China, Egypt, Egypt, Greece, Switzerland, Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the control of substances;
S. N. N. N. National Minister of Health, Fiji
• Access to all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. the report of the United Nations Development Programme, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Convention on Drugs and Crime)
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2002, Ad Hoc Madooo, M.e. O. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. v.
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the International Court of Zambia decided to leave the detention.
3.2 The author is also concerned that article 14, paragraph 3 of the Covenant is violated, since the criminal proceedings was extended to 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Secretary-General's report on the date of the author's son's son's son and the State party to submit a precise time for the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author, the Committee's recommendation on the author's claims, in the form of the author's son and the nationality, the Committee had considered a precedent that was not required, and that the parties must be able to provide a communication to another person.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister's decision on the judgement of 15 February 1999 on 15 February 1999 was considered that the Court of Appeal had decided in the case of “in cases” in the case of “the case”, although the Court was a case of the case, but that there is a need for a reasonable balance of the elements of each other factor.
The State party also added that article 7 of the article of the article of article 7 is a reality that would be a real consequence of the risk of a return to a person and the consequences of their rights.
Communication No. 933/2002, Ad Hoc Mado, M.g. O. O. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. v. The Republic of Korea, 31 July 2003
To this end, you shall not be entitled to provide a pension requirement for the Act.”
In the area of the area in the area of the United Nations, the military officer of the United Nations, in the light of the fact that the military officers of the United Nations was killed.
In that regard, the State party has established the means and facilities.
4.4 The State party does not recognize the fact that discrimination against the age of the age of the country has been recognized in the case of the author's observations.
The Convention's mandate and consideration of the rights of the Committee is the Committee, not [P.
The facts as submitted by the author
The author's comments on the views of the State party
They noted that the State party did not reject these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court's High Court's decision on bail was held on 2 August 2001.
In 1989, the release of all prisoners in the custody of all detainees is the centre of the six-week centres, but the opening of a new trial of the six-week prisoners is to be carried out in the case of a new trial.
Subsequently, he was members of the members of the organizations and other members of the organizations, which is prohibited by the Act of the Law of the Education Act, Act No. 15 and the Act of the Law of the Education Act, which prohibits the publication of the secondary school.
2.8 The author further argues that Norway's legal law on the use of the right to be used in the absence of the use of the right to rights was in violation of article 30 of the Covenant.
On the contrary, the people of the Sámi people has not been able to guarantee the rights of the Sámi people in the absence of a adequate inheritance of land.
On 4 February 2000, the Committee concluded a agreement on the recommendations of their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information about the fact that the Supreme Court did not have no doubts about the fact that the Supreme Court did not take prejudice to the fact that the Supreme Court did not take prejudice to the fact that the Supreme Court was not a party.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with murder of murder, which was arrested on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author states that the Secretariat confirmed that the notice was shown in the case of the court to the Court, which was held on 24 June 1994.
17.17 On 2 December 1998, the Criminal Criminal Court found that the author's allegations of alleged crimes was committed and sentenced to a prison sentence, which was sentenced to a prison sentence, and ordered the complainant's compensation to the complainant.
The Tribunal also had no decision on this request, but it is not possible that this request was not successful in the State party, since the fact that the existence of the application of the law, as well as its illegal administrative decisions, is the responsibility of the Government of the Government, in the domestic law, and that it is not responsible for the Government of the Government of 26 January 1974.
In this case, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that the author's intention to do so to do so that it would be more likely to take more consideration of the current location of the family, such as those of the victims of the family, and that the author's ability to be subjected to the physical treatment of radioactive waste, as well as to the author's view to the use of radioactive waste, and that the author's right to re-treated and prevent the international community is not very successful.
The Committee drew attention to the decision of the Committee of Jamaica (No. 3030/1998 of Jamaica) on 7 April 1994 and on 7 April 1994 and the decision of the Opinion of Spain (No. 49/193) on 4 April 1995.
The International Court of Foreign Navigation, the International Court of Foreign Affairs, the International Court of Foreign Affairs, No. 76, No. 79.
The substantive cooperation for the required substantive cooperation is called upon Iraq to fulfil their obligations, or to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, or any evidence of the material and activities of all weapons of mass destruction, as well as the evidence of the evidence.
Our Iraq's invasion of Iraq said that there is no prohibition of the items, but that they should be seen as the evidence of evidence.
A clear example is that the case of the three explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive devices in Iraq indicated that some of which had been used by the Ministry of Kuwait in the first part of the 1998 anti-Milane, which was used in the mining industry.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Group on Forests and the Intergovernmental Group on Forests, intergovernmental organizations and intergovernmental groups, the representatives of intergovernmental and major groups may be invited to participate in the meeting of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts [G/PV] [E/PV.2] [E/PV]]
Currently, 60 years in the southern and south-eastern southern region are regarded as a risk of high-risk areas.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, the efforts to promote social and social integration in the economic and social context is essential for the establishment of individual categories.
If the State does not guarantee their survival, these communities will not be able to achieve cultural, social and economic integrity in the Constitution.
There is also some enterprises that have led to the lack of political and political pressure in the face of the population, or to take into account the cost of the development of human rights in the core development of human rights, and that it would be able to launch the project or not in the context of the development.
Thus, in such cases, the Money Laundering Act, article 25 and the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure are also fully used to refrain from any financial resources to freeze terrorist or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum of memorandum, the representatives of the Credentials Committee, in accordance with paragraph 1 of the memorandum of procedure, had received the credentials of representatives of States Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Assembly at its second session, in accordance with article 24 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in accordance with article 24 of the Rules of Procedure, such as Australia, Belgium, Belgium, Australia, Germany, Finland, Finland, Finland, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, Norway, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea,
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the NGO Act provides that foreign and stateless persons have been invited to participate in a non-governmental organization in Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives for agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate in the cultural life of the society and to share scientific progress and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, the project should be in the area of women's management, and these projects are needed to be innovative in the areas and other similar enterprises in the field.
The first time was opened in June 2001 and the National Centre for Management Management (NN) and the European Cultural Management Centre (NN) and the European Culture Centre (CAT).
This is a project for two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic-business processes have been identified in the countries of States Parties (OECD OECD 2003) and a definition of the definition.
We will explore the potential possible for the use of data collection between electronic commerce and technology.
World Bank.
The European Union also attaches particular importance to the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/59/L.17 entitled entitled “Strengthening of disarmament and international security”.
Step 2: Use of fissile material negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group to provide services and assistance to the Working Group.
Consideration of reports 23
There will be no legislative provisions for racist crimes that have been identified in the form of racist crimes, nor does not apply to the provisions of the Court to take into account the legislative provisions of the perpetrators.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the efforts taken by the Committee to improve the rights of Roma children in the context of education and education, as well as in the language of education and services in the Roma language, as well as the implementation of the right to education.
A special review of gender equality is a special review of the policy policy on women's participation in the country and to provide a pilot project for selected projects.
Most of these are primary treatment, or medical treatment in hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes the trade union unions, a number of business unions, a independent union union union and the temporary work unions.
If female workers have been paid to birth, the Special Rapporteur shall be extended to the Special Rapporteur for a period of time, and to extend a specific time to prevent or therapeutic health.
After the start, the telephone programme programme has undertaken several mandates and operations and to have been fully assessed, and to improve and improve their mandates.
In 2000, it also included the list of the list of diseases.
With support to support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of students registered by the Government in 1998 and 1998 have shown an increase of 27 per cent in 1998 to 10 per cent.
These schools are also benefiting from the priorities of the country's programmes.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate and take appropriate measures to facilitate the participation of academic groups and representatives of non-governmental organizations and organizations in the Eleventh Congress, and to take appropriate measures to encourage traditional research groups to participate in the Eleventh Congress in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the enrolment rate of enrolment, the rate of enrolment rates and the dropout rate of the students.
The United Nations General Assembly has made tribute to the follow-up to the United Nations Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons on the follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Disarmament and the implementation and follow-up of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
The annual session of the State party was currently being prepared in November.
This strategy must overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building support in the area of developing countries and least developed countries, including policy analysis and analysis, to enable them to assess the development policies and objectives of developing countries and to enhance the development of their development policies and targets, as well as the development of the Declaration of the United Nations intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and other relevant intergovernmental organizations.
For the purposes of this instrument,
It is possible to identify and detect sexual sex education as early as possible.
Most of the border checkpoints can be used through satellite networks.
The Secretary-General, neighbouring States and the United States in the present document mean that the provisions of this plan should be agreed.
From 1990 to 1999, the total enrolment rate in the primary school enrolment rate in developing countries from 1990 to 30 per cent in the primary school-school school was estimated to 80 per cent.
This difference does not be limited to a age, but the evidence of the present report is to be treated by adults.
In developing countries, the difference between health and behaviour is the underlying causes of the increase in the infant mortality rate.
e Data data are available to students (Canada) including school students.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and recommendations of the Economic and Social Council and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, including the provisional agenda of the organization of the organization of disarmament, decolonization, economic and related aspects of the work of the United Nations, including the provisional agenda and the related special sessions of the General Assembly, the provisional agenda and the General Assembly, and the General Assembly, on the basis of the report of the General Assembly, the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as to the General Assembly, the General Assembly and the General Assembly, as well as the resolutions and decisions adopted by the General Assembly and the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the information and editorial functions provided in the present biennium to minimize the delays in the processing of documents.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the adoption of the resolution adopted by the international community, which stated that the illegal nature of these acts had been imposed by the Israeli authorities, but the Israeli authorities is not justified.
My delegation would also like to thank the United Nations for its commendable efforts to reduce the impact of the international community to reduce the social impact of natural disasters, and the need for particular attention to developing countries.
The issue of children's special session is not only a opportunity to review the progress achieved in 1990, and also we have made a opportunity to achieve a better commitment to the world to become a better local.
This includes the HIV/AIDS, trafficking in children and children for children, maternal and newborn mortality, and child malnutrition.
Millions of children living in extreme poverty are still living in extreme poverty, and more children are not low;
The plan of action is comprehensive, including the strategic strategy aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and reintegration.
The staffing of the Professional level for 2003 is contained in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting to discuss the report of the Mission to the region.
Summary of the Panel's activities
Response:
I have received a letter to the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, in Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Egypt, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the
Recognizes the importance of the implementation of the right to development in international economic, commercial and financial fields and the development of the right to development, in this regard, emphasizing the importance of strengthening the international decision-making of the international decision on development, to fill the gap between the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stressed the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to develop the work of the United Nations system and the economies of transition;
Calls upon States to take particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including a positive measure, to ensure that the full realization of the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health,
Decides to consider this issue at its sixty-first session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the persistence of racism, racial discrimination and other forms of discrimination, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination against women, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination against women and girls in different regions of the world,
Recommendations
In addition, mutual linkages are becoming more closely, and the existing transit company seeks to establish a cooperative company with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: the impact of trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code provides that the criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective in the case of the criminal law of the Republic of Tajikistan, in accordance with article 14 of article 14 of the Penal Code, and the criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan in the territory of the Republic of Tajikistan or the ship.
What is a party to the international conventions and protocols of the States parties in the State party, as a matter of the State party, to act as extraditable offences?
The executive direction and management of the Executive Director is the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/L.2);
Permanent Representative of the United Nations
The requirements required may include special and specific assets, resulting costs and expanded costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development.
The Chairman made a statement.
Finland's legislation is responsible for all organs of the State, especially the Ministry of Defence, the Ministry of Defence and the private security companies to combat kidnapping.
It calls upon all parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and other parties to cooperate fully with the verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As a result of the financial oversight function of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Finance Division, it is therefore possible to increase the difficulties in coordination of the internal responsibility of the two interdepartmental bodies.
In view of the use of the family's access to the use of the family, it is important that there is a need for the use of information on the family in the family.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the differences of views is a objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is also said that, in these cases, I would like to note that any decision of the Iraqi people should be made in the form of democracy, as well as in a acceptable form of participation.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that, even though the most recent measures taken by the 1990s, they may be more than the clean goal.
Affirms that the principle of intercultural dialogue is a common understanding of the human rights of human rights and affirms the important benefits of international cooperation and cooperation in the area of cultural development;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that they should examine the responsibility and circumstances of “State non-State actors”.
Some delegations, however, expressed that the perpetrators of the perpetrators should be allowed to identify the perpetrators of the truth.
In contrast, 16 countries have made full pledges for 2001.
Let us work together, in order to allow this day to achieve the full political and political needs of the Committee and other multilateral multilateral frameworks, in particular the full political will of the capital of the world, as well as the success of the country.
Secondly, the media widely reported the report of the Monitoring Monitoring Group, which is the fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As a result of the discussion of the item, it would be possible to look forward to the next project.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and venue;
(a) The participation of the seminar shall be open, but the President finds that the meeting may be held in private meetings.
It is clear that there is no real peace in the Middle East without regard to the relationship between Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
Development and achievements will depend on positive development and international participation in the overall security situation.
Mr. S. (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, and we have made a opportunity to hear a briefing on behalf of the Ambassador, Mr. Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) To use the use of existing forensic surveys in improving treatment programmes, a careful assessment, effective-risk management;
Our responsibility is to provide audit opinion on these financial statements.
The plan covers the cost of staff staff, UNHCR's contributions and income income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations establish a methodology to determine the best number of staff members required for contingent-owned equipment, taking into account the workload of the Mission, taking into account the recommendations of the Board.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/506, the General Assembly, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 56/506, the total amount of USD 18866,866,676,000, for the period ended 30 June 2001, amounted to the unencumbered balance of the unencumbered balance and other income income and other income.
In order to promote the International Day of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women has organized a national working meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community to cooperate closely with the international community, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue the necessary steps to reform and continue the international community to continue to reform the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of non-tariff tariff systems as a essential mechanism for the promotion of alternative development products for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The next challenge of 2002 is the foundation for fragile peace.
In addition, we believe that nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons possessing nuclear weapons possessing nuclear weapons are a threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities of the Committee, I would like to expect the full cooperation of delegations to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, cultivation and livestock have reduced the impact of the average profits, resulting from deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur has visited the region in September 1994 with regard to a number of ethnic acts of origin, and the Special Rapporteur has visited the region in September 1994.
The second expert Meeting on the use of mercenaries in the second expert, and the same need to change the definitions contained in article 1 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
Determined to encourage strict adherence to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman stated that the Secretariat informed him that the United States of America, Anguilla and Samoa, Anguilla, the British Virgin Islands, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, Montserrat, Montserrat, Montserrat, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador is ready to inform the Committee as soon as possible.
If further than 30 per cent of the investment projects have been established by the investment group, a number of per cent of the costs of the commercial lender, more than 25 per cent of the total of the project or beneficiaries of the project, are expected to be assessed by the project or beneficiaries of the project, and the value of investments in support of donor support.
Takes note of the adoption adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity on the Convention on the Prohibition of All Forms of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal in the implementation of the Convention on the Suppression of All Forms of Hazardous Wastes in Africa;
In the light of the ministerial meeting of the International Conference on Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and Donor Countries and the International Conference on Financing for Transit Transport in Kazakhstan, the secretariat prepared UNCTAD's report on “Strengthening of the development and opportunities of landlocked developing and developing countries in the transport of the transport and development of landlocked developing Countries and landlocked developing Countries (UNCTAD/GC/2003/88) and provide detailed details for trade and trade negotiations.
Two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops on the regional capacity-building workshops in the WTO trade and environment region.
These items or a large value, or the nature of the “Project”).
Today, let us us to join the world to become a chain of poverty for humanity.
We need to strengthen the role of the United Nations and ensure all States, regardless of the United Nations Charter.
As the debt of the debt of the country, it will be able to win the poverty?
We firmly believe that these constraints will lead to greater attention to the interests of the various interests of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the key issues of the debate, thus to make a more effective decision.
Programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
Referring to the General Assembly resolution 56/2427 of 24 December 2001, the Secretary-General called for the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to support the activities of recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, the least developed countries, small island developing States and small island developing States, and asked how UNCTAD could take any measures to ensure that the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States have been taken to ensure their activities.
Iraq has now been a Standing Committee, which is a real representative of the country.
It is also clear to identify the road of the peace of all persons, which is the day of the day.
President Abbas (spoke in French): Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello is the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is in the forefront of Croatia.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a leader of the two characteristics of the parliamentary system, and the President of the President.
In summary, violations of violations and compensation are twofold.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Ituri Ituri, which has been authorized by the Mission, comprised four battalions and support units.
Several actions have been taken by MONUC, in addition to the destruction of weapons in Bunia, and detained a number of persons who have been suspected of their weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all field areas and to assess the country's assessment.
The report noted that a number of matters will be taken to be taken by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), the words “best practice” would be replaced by the words “to-sensitive approach to the implementation of the annual programme of work”.
In the objective of the objective, the words “in the Millennium Declaration” should be replaced by the Millennium Declaration in the context of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, to cooperate with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of its resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to take Governments to participate in meetings, workshops and other activities in the field of human rights education in the country and at the national level,
Discrimination against women
Taking note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights on the rights of the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including the resolutions of 23 April 2003 of 23 April 2003, the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women and violence against women (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Add.1, Add.1 and Add.1, Add.3 and Add.1, para.
Sudan
System entities, potential donors and donor countries, and the industry, services providers and international organizations, are closely closely closely with the organizations and international organizations, to ensure that security and the establishment of global satellite satellite navigation, productivity and systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical conference to raise stakeholders in order to identify the participation of national forest programmes in order to enhance the process of national forest programmes and to establish partnerships.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy has also worked closely with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended a invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan to support the current peace process in order to achieve permanent and lasting peace.
He took note of the establishment of new institutions on the abduction of kidnapping and children, and the ongoing implementation of the preliminary measures taken by OHCHR in the establishment of national human rights institutions, in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations Development Programme, in cooperation with the international technical cooperation programme, and the implementation of a preliminary measure of the role of civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (A.g. Mr. Deifer Bar, Ms. Deo, Ms. B.e-23-23 (212) 963-2373; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In the course of this work, dialogue and consultations with regional organizations, political leaders and civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme for its first regular session for 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/16 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decision 2002/244 of the Commission.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, a draft decision entitled “Report of the Executive Committee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/2002/L.11).
(b) In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission was elected to the Council of Human Settlements (UN/Habitat) from 1 January 2002.
During the event of the meeting, we note with satisfaction that the number of Member States had increased and continue to be debated on the basis of a annual statement and the improvement of the quality and improvement of the production and improvement of missiles and space operations.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands has not changed, unless the people of the island people will change.
Encourages the competent authorities to participate in a variety of courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, human rights, human rights and promoting peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia are the importance of the judicial process in the process of reconciliation in national reconciliation.
In conclusion, the General Assembly requires a decision on this matter.
With regard to the main role of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with other relevant sectors of the Secretariat and the Secretariat and other relevant sectors of the Secretariat.
With regard to the Tribunal, the relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization, in accordance with the relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization, has been conducted by the United Nations Office at Headquarters.
(b) Improving the work of the main groups of the main groups, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business unions, trade unions, trade unions, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to promote the work and general development of these groups in the work of the Commission;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making is also supported by the support of their policies and plans to manage water, energy and environmental issues.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
The main objective of the subprogramme is to provide assistance from Member States to assist the victims of disaster relief in the context of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Volunteer Association has organized a volunteer presence, and he would be invited to attend all press conferences in the United Nations, and to provide a periodic report on the regular report of the Board of Trustees of the International Voluntary Association and the United Nations activities.
The jury subsequently referred to the Government's recommendations, which will be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Hampson (Norway) said that, as a serious violation of the serious human rights violations of terrorism, combating terrorism is a pretext for torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council has taken serious concern to the Israeli forces of ECOWAS and the Israeli forces of the United Nations Forces in ECOWAS and France, which had taken serious consequences for the ceasefire, as well as the consequences of the consequences.
Fifty-eighth session
The family: 8 per cent of their families: 2 per cent of the population: 3 per cent of the population, and the status of the work of the work of the work of the population, the number of women, or the number of women, are:
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not vulnerable to the vulnerability of older persons, but the ageing process is forced to enable them to adapt their control, social and economic environment, thereby exacerbating their vulnerability.
Several groups have expressed their shared interest in their common interest, but it was agreed that social vulnerability are hampered by their full potential and deprivation of their right and rights.
There is a number of families who are exposed to medical costs and loss of income and loss of income.
In the event of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems are often killed by death, disappearances or forced labour.
The reference to international responsibility for international responsibility indicates that the draft articles is not in consideration of the responsibility of international law.
The Committee does not wish to make a proper balance between intergovernmental organizations and other intergovernmental organizations, even in the scope of the scope of the draft articles on the scope of the draft articles.
Fifty-seventh session
The State's responsibility to protect refugees and the primary responsibility of UNHCR's responsibilities are responsible for the protection of the human rights of UNHCR, which is responsible for the protection of refugees and other persons who are responsible for the protection of refugees and other persons who have not been able to participate in the protection of international protection, and to ensure that UNHCR's ability to protect and respond to the protection of human rights is a very useful solution to the protection of the beneficiaries, and to ensure that UNHCR's ability to provide assistance to the benefit of the benefit of the benefit of the people, as well as the development of a more effective approach to the benefit of the beneficiaries.
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian operations, human rights, development policies and development policies, I would like to assess UNHCR's position in the family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue to engage in dialogue with the Government of Chad and the opposition of justice and justice, which are reflected in the following:
An important policy decision on the creation of the purchase of the purchase of the purchase of goods is a important policy for the provision of the seller's seller or other loans.
The benefits of determining such a priority is to promote social goals.
In terms of creditors, clear and results-based priority rules and the effective identification and identification of the right to credit is equally important, as well as the rules of priority rules.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most commonly common signature of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to monitor the goods in Somalia from Somalia or from Somalia, there is a need for significant human and sophisticated equipment equipment, and the most recent countries are not not not involved in the region.
The presence of the Somali airport in the Sudan is the first-month average of 80,000 passengers and 350 tons.
Calendar of conferences and conferences in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
General programme of work
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.24/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
Therefore, the Government of the United States has not voted against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schdi (Liechtenstein) agreed that, in principle, the Office of the Special Representative should provide support to the Office of the Special Representative.
Ms. Elmia (Benin) said that she had expressed regret that she was said that delegations had been able to join delegations to change the content of the draft resolution.
In article 45 of the Constitution, the definition of discrimination was defined: “The “the definition of discriminatory status” means to distinguish with different forms of discrimination, which is not a part of all of their respective forms of discrimination, political opinion, political opinion, political opinion, religion or gender, and any other person who have not been subjected to their own or her own or her person, or any other person.
The right of persons to the right to non-discrimination and equal access to the above services.
Training services are provided by the United Nations system and district centres (including the University of the University of Commerce).
As a result of the applicable rules of each category, the Regulations also distinguish between “Children” and “Children” in the category.
As at October 2000, there were 33 per cent of children living in the care of the child, and boys were boys.
The case of the case is a breakdown of the location of the family, a total of 68 regions.
There is no way to provide a fair approach in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are checked to check in the hospital hospital.
The use of land is a major challenge in Malta, in particular in the area of the islands's islands.
It is also also provided to provide a mentoring plan and component to provide the provision of school services.
Malta shares the concept of cultural concepts as a result of a broad, economic and economic value.
It is also the potential of creative activities to ensure that national development is essential for sustainable development, because it is the potential of the economic value of the entire society.
Registry's premises for rental and sale of rental and sale of the housing Authority
While efforts are being made, there is still a serious obstacle to the social development of African society, such as war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues.
I are particularly interested in the case of financial, debt, market access and experience.
In developing countries, the importance of trade was not unknown.
These procedures also require the management, monitoring and supervision of associations of associations.
It must be recalled that all persons who have the right to protect all persons are protected, without discrimination, full enjoyment of human rights, and that “no discrimination against the rights of persons with disabilities or other discrimination in persons with disabilities are not incompatible with the principle of equality of human rights in persons with disabilities;
It is therefore important to express support for the informal documents of the two States parties to the two countries, with the view that the establishment of a comprehensive convention on reproductive cloning, as well as the adoption of a comprehensive convention on reproductive cloning, is a party to all forms of human cloning, and the other forms of cloning of human cloning, or the use of such cloning, or in the national legislation.
C. Action of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, there is no objection to the understanding of any objection, I would like to take the floor to the Council of the Non-Aligned Movement to the Security Council.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimensions of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to correct its decision.
Over the years, Member States have called for the humanitarian agencies to take place in the future crisis.
It is a threat to the fact that the weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, terrorism and aggression is a threat to international system.
The last half of the last two half of the United Nations and the West Bank in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — which is a insecurity in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, is a serious number of years.
Therefore, my delegation will make the greatest contribution to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who are victims of justice, such as the prohibition of the United States military forces in Vieques or the struggle against the country.
He would clarify and further elaborate such methods and the need for human rights.
These extradition treaties are consistent with article 13 of the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 212
The situation in all parts of the region and the unemployment rate in all countries have deteriorated, although it is still most affected by Argentina, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela, since the most serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is possible to address the conclusions of a policy-oriented approach.
The external resources and external resources are the major sources of assessments.
The results of the results is to be done in the process of relevant scientific policies and data collection processes (see www.unep.org/Documents/P/index.htm).
Security Council: www.un.org/esa
The multilateral discussions of developing countries in the context of national regulations on domestic regulations is increasingly interested.
Report of the Panel on Experts on Goods
In addition, the Secretariat continues to make every effort to troop contributors to the issue.
With regard to this issue, see paragraphs 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and placement of the armed conflict have been carried out by armed conflicts, and refugees have access to access, access to access to access to access or forced evictions.
In addition, the High Commissioner decided to convene a conference meeting on special arrangements for special arrangements, and the burden of assessments is a centre of the forum.
The question of “Somaliland” is still controversial.
On 23 July, a man was fired to launch the United Nations aircraft.
Combined initial, second, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BB/1);
The report indicates that Governments and non-governmental organizations have participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
The majority of the students are very encouraging, and the number of students are very welcome.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends that the claim claim for compensation.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination against racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the importance of the recommendations of the Committee on the implementation of the Convention and the Commission's activities;
“Follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges of the Ntrea region: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, and the impact of the impact of the population, growth and mortality of fish stocks, and (ii) the use of POPs and mortality in the Arctic, and that the use of POPs and morbidity in the Arctic in the Arctic, and (b) the use of the current organic pollutants of the sea, and the use of the use of the sea, and (b) the use of the use of the water and the environment of the sea, and that, in the context of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations Year of Action and the Protection of the Conservation of Marine Navigation, is expected to be a result of the results of the world's surface and the use of the marine seas.
Several delegations expressed concern that, in the area of the jurisdiction of the State in the area of the jurisdiction of the State, fishing, organic pollutants and metals, sea activities, sea activities and destruction, and the impact of climate change, constitute a real and effective threat to the marine environment.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to promote partnerships with the local, regional and regional offices, which will be able to live in the world;
The programme agreed to provide a further study on the modernization of industrial entrepreneurs, which will be able to identify and seize commercial opportunities.
Mr. Pavier, France, France
Mr. Torres Bz, Switzerland, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Smit (Romania): Mr. President, I would like to congratulate you, Mr. President, on behalf of the President of the Conference, on behalf of the President of the Conference.
With regard to verification, there has been a comprehensive approach and a approach to a comprehensive approach and a broad discussion.
Since 1987, a total of 2,22 Palestinians in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, had been destroyed by the construction of the construction of the construction permits of the Palestinian people, which had resulted in 167 Palestinians.
The project project project is currently approximately 100 loans, with a value of $5 million for a total of $50 million, and $3 million are used to meet 50 new loans in November 2002.
(c) In the Occupied Palestinian Territory, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, the implementation of a broad programme of work for the United Nations-Habitat-building in post-conflict and stable environments;
Mc Dow, op. cit., op. cit.
I would be grateful to you the attention of the Secretary-General to address the terrorist attacks against the Israeli citizens.
Contents
In the same period, more than 1 per cent of students received to Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men and 5 per cent of the population had been completed in the first secondary school, and 3 per cent of women and 3 per cent of the secondary school.
Between 1994 and 1995 the number of hospitals increased from 4 to 8 per cent in the provincial hospitals, with 12 per cent in the provincial hospitals, with 16 per cent in the district level, with 16 per cent of the number of health centres, and the number of health centres increased from 29 to 14 per cent.
The Lao People's Youth Alliance will also explore innovative ways to provide counselling and spacing services to adolescents.
Women's curricula are the same of the children's work, the survival, survival and other collective movements.
Young adolescents have also noted their experience in the United Nations system, which are familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey announced the first meeting of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention on the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, and declared its intention to accede to the Convention.
These debates have also played an catalytic role in defining and clarifying this issue.
However, everyone is aware that the harm caused by terrorists could be caused by terrorists.
We are confident that we have not begun to begin.
We now turn to the consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts made by the Secretary-General in his efforts to improve the modernization of human rights treaties, particularly those of the requirements of the report, and the need to increase the burden of countries.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the financial viability of all peacekeeping operations and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“security of political — military”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies shall take into account equitable geographical distribution and other legal systems.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had developed legislation in all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); they have taken steps to take steps to take steps to combat international conventions and protocols against terrorism, and that they have established effective mechanisms for combating terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council on the report of the Economic and Social Council,
The Mechanism's monitoring mechanism include the Steering Group of the United Nations system, donors and donors.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account the relevant relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/20 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and eradication of poverty, the protection of health and social awareness of national health services is increasingly important, and first as a result of the promotion and implementation of these objectives, secondly of the development and implementation of social and economic sustainability.
In order to achieve progress, we need to engage together and the need for specific recommendations.
Mr. River (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the Pacific Islands Islands Forum on behalf of the Pacific Islands Islands Forum: Australia, the Marshall Islands, Nauru, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Tonga, Tonga, Tonga, Vanuatu and our country.
The individual committees could also play an important role in the discussion of the discussion and in future.
It was noted that the proposal of the Committee for the Coordination of Children and the Senate of the National Committee for Children and the Senate of the Senate in the first session of the Committee would be amended in the first session of the Committee, and it is important that the Federal Federal Government had decided to eliminate the application of article 9 of the Act of the Federal Federal Court.
CEB members generally agreed the findings and conclusions of the report, which should be acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand data on the digital and water data data in the global data system, the SBSTA requested the Secretariat to prepare consultations with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare a analysis of specific issues and ways to prepare specific issues and address the specific issues of these issues.
In particular, in the interest of crude crude oil in Kazakhstan, China has signed a agreement in 1998 and a agreement in 1998 with a view to creating the oil resources for the Russian Federation.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides the status of international treaties in the Czech Republic.
Act No. 10/1997 Coll Coll Coll Coll Coll Coll. Act No. 10/1999/1998 Coll Coll provides that the provision of access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to information is provided.
Resolution S-10/2.
WFP reported the recent report of the World Food Unit that the rehabilitation of the reconstruction programme has increased by 12 per cent in 2003 and a decline in the number of rice in previous years.
The Ministry of Health of the Ministry of Health, in the context of the National Health Programme for Children's Health in the first 10 years of age.
The President of Timor-Leste has been able to increase with the Director-General of UNESCO and the Director-General of UNESCO to increase the cooperation in the field of education and science.
The Council's decision on the policy document was held in 2003.
The United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and the United Nations, United Nations agencies, programmes and programmes provide technical assistance to the national police and public administration, fully respecting the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision decided to use the wording of the proposed wording of the Secretariat (see A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also noted that the Group of 77 and China had not been able to participate in this meeting, and he urged all States to reconsider their positions in this process.
Italy
As a result of the increase in the number of procurement surveys and the use of software software, this limit has been reduced to all of them, which could amount to a cost of $2,500.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Legal Services Division will be responsible for implementing this recommendation.
Russia believes that, as possible, steps to restore the stability of Iraq as soon as possible.
The key factors set out in the development of sustainable and sustainable sources is a key factor for the implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Students and exchange of information and exchanges were also initiated by students and teachers.
World Tourism Organization
The third level of administrative management was retained at the third level.
The recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination for its forty-third and forty-third session reflected in the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination reflect changes for the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and the further revision of the note.
To date, only one country (Botswana) on the list of speakers.
The relevant international organizations of the programme are often considered as a tool for the design, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action in June this year, the European Union has decided to undertake a number of measures to implement some measures.
The European Union and its member States have actively committed to the Conference on Disarmament, in order to pursue consensus on the basis of the mandate of the Special Coordinator and its mandate, on the basis of the mandate of the Special Coordinator and the implementation of a treaty banning non-discriminatory, multilateral and international commitments.
China's position for the purpose of the above objectives would be summarized as follows: encouraging the proliferation of the nuclear threat to the Middle East, and firmly uphold the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in the region of the Middle East, has to be strengthened, and to make practical measures to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and to avoid confidence and confidence-building measures in the Middle East, and to avoid the effective measures of the United Nations in the Middle East and to avoid any violation of the Treaty or the State of State.
My delegation recognizes that this tragic situation is to reaffirm the call of the President of the President of the General Assembly on the adoption of the general international instruments of the international community in the general debate of the General Assembly in the general debate of the General Assembly in the general debate of the General Assembly.
Other aspects of corruption include the protection of “the victim” and victim, compensation, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Expressing its concern about violence and discrimination against women in many of the women's religious intolerance,
There must be a need for relevant agencies and programmes to be involved directly.
As found in the publication of the publication, the Division will update existing publications or prepare new publications.
This could not be considered as a reform, but it is not possible to consider the mandate and objectives of the Commission, and to bring the overall role of the United Nations in disarmament and promoting international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be able to provide appropriate administrative support to science and technology centres.
(a) The legal representative of the Centre and the Technology Centre shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made commitment to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the region, and that it had been held in a number of years since 1952.
As many of our continents, Ethiopia's invasion and occupation of Ethiopia has suffered long-term suffering in the conflict and the consequences of the consequences of conflict and war.
It was reported that the activities of the abduction of abducted children was another important activity in the Sudan and the United Nations Office on Children, Justice and Children in the Sudan.
The Committee took note of section 3, paragraph 3, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and stressed that the programme managers should ensure that programme managers should be allocated to articles 56 and rules of the Regulations of the Programme of Action, the Programme of Budget, the Programme of Implementation and the Implementation of the Monitoring and Evaluation Board.
If we do so, we can contribute to the reform goals of the Organization, and we do not mean that it is not possible to promote the peace of the Middle East?
In addition, in July 2000, the National Policy for Women in July 2000 provides a positive action for the Government's participation in the legislative and legislative implementation and implementation of the Government in all political parties.
Source: Analysis and analysis.
Article 5
In June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated its support for the road map and the Quartet.
The above resolution affirms the necessity of ending the occupation of the Arab territories in the occupied Arab territories, and the right to exercise their right to self-determination is to enable them to exercise their right to self-determination.
Introduction
In my last report, it remains still difficult that the aircraft is still able to move back to the airspace of the United Nations in the vicinity of the United Nations Operation in the area of UNIFIL, and that it had been able to have a direct exchange of verification and verification.
At the intersessional level, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The establishment of the construction plan of the refurbishment of the refurbishment of the refurbishment of the refurbishment is to be accessible to the buildings.
The report also discussed trends related to the use and methods of the use of women's women and women's contraception.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has a strong commitment to guarantee the survival of human beings, Morocco and the United Kingdom expressed regret that the world's presence of millions of people living with poverty and hunger in the world, and in the world, the climate change of millions of people and hunger in the world, and that millions of children continue to suffer from the world's stability, and that millions of people continue to suffer the gap between the poor and the poor.
Other matters
Recalling the efforts taken by the Heads of State and Government in the Millennium Summit to take measures to ensure that, inter alia, respect to the protection and protection of migrants, migrant workers, migrant workers and their families, and to eliminate the growing number of racism and their families in many societies, and to promote harmony between all societies of society,
This trend confirms the trend in opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this session will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with the provisions of the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1944 (L), the draft agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission was prepared in accordance with the provisions of the present agenda.
The debate showed that despite the progress made in implementing the Convention, there is no room in addressing the main aspects of the region.
The increase in the increase of soil degradation and reducing the incidence of surface consumption in groundwater is rising.
In order to celebrate this world, it would be re-establish to build the support of States parties to the Convention.
The travel may not be paid to the time that the travel may be left at the time of the night, such as the time for a period of time, or a more than 10 hours, for the purpose of the period, to be paid to a maximum of 40 hours.
Grants for repatriation
This regional intergovernmental organization involves wide issues, including economic, financial, trade, transport, environment, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
This statement calls upon the State party to take concrete action in the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to implement the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Paaya (Indonesia) proposed a delegation of Egypt to make a delegation to assist the Palestinian people to support the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for the period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., ibid., pp. 42-267.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to improve the electoral law in order to increase women's participation in elected elections and appointments, particularly in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to implement temporary special measures to enable women to participate in the public decision-making process in all spheres of life, especially in the context of the decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage women and girls with a wide range of educational options to enable them to develop their potential for their own potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the recent number of women's domestic Columbia, particularly indigenous women's opportunities for women's opportunities.
The Committee is also concerned about the fact that “Indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples” had not been discussed in other laws, including the right to discriminatory discrimination in other laws, including the right to the rights of the marriage, identity and family rights of the Convention.
Emphasizes the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation between the United Nations organizations in promoting sustainable development in the context of sustainable development, in this regard, in the context of the United Nations Development Programme;
UNICEF is a joint co-chaired by sport and the Inter-Agency Task Force.
In the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Information Fund established two awards, which is one of the “best workload of women”, one of which is one of the words “in female women or women”.
In the field of media and peace, it is particular to give particular attention to Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights held a United Nations Decade on the International Decade for Peace and Non-Violence for Peace, adopted by UNESCO in December 2001, adopted the Plan of Action for the International Decade for Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the Child, in December 2002, and in collaboration with UNESCO in the context of the implementation of the Plan of Action, a project for the promotion of dialogue, reconciliation and reconciliation in the local heritage, with a view to promoting dialogue, reconciliation and reconciliation in the local heritage.
The General Assembly adopted the recommendation recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of the report, as orally corrected (A/59/294) (resolution 58/236).
It also describes the main features of the value chain in the chain chain.
The Director of the Director of the Director of Thailand participated in the annual session of the Asian Development Conference and the Asian Development Bank, in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of the participation of civil society in the use of prostitutes in the design of prostitutes, particularly in particular to vulnerable HIV infection and to provide victims of domestic violence.
In her case, the right to care should not be regarded as a fundamental responsibility for women, and that it is true that men and men have a joint responsibility in society.
All nuclear and chemical weapons in the world are the long-term goal of the United Nations.
The commitment of the Mission's commitment is not the only challenge of the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has not deployed the work of the United Nations in post-conflict peacebuilding.
The two two countries have been achieved, and the world is likely to have a very significant effect in the world.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights continued to provide assistance to the United Nations Office on Human Rights and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in order to facilitate good governance and strengthening national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
It is the goal that the goal of violence against terrorism is the voice of the people of the people, which undermines freedom and freedom of expression, which are based on all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps of the social and international relations in society.
Mexico will continue to cooperate with the global efforts in this regard, and that international law should not be considered as a means of the fight against terrorism, and should be considered as a valuable means.
* The initial report of the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (CEDAW/C.3/5/Add.5, para.
The law also provides that learning and skills committees should take full consideration to the need to promote equal opportunities for all ethnic groups, men and women, men and women, as well as disability and disability.
The Government's participation in the role of women in the area of research and technology in the area of research and technology is a strategic review, which is a strategic review, which is designed to identify the priority areas of women's women and in the field of technical areas to improve women's recruitment and their ability to improve the achievements and contributions of women's work and technology.
The two General Assembly members of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland has been one of the members of the General Assembly and the General Assembly of the General Assembly on 14 October 2002 and four women were women.
See annex 2 to 105.5 (No. 10), pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government submitted a plan of action for rape and the rate of rates of crime.
This document takes into account the recommendations made by the Commission in 1998 on the basis of a action plan for consultation, providing a comprehensive overview of violence against women and violence.
In the absence of a effective international and local contract to the extent and conditions of the United Nations or in the authority of the organization, the transfer of such contracts would be required in order to enable the United Nations to withdraw the contract in a cost-effective manner.
The recent process of implementation of resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that in the light of the progress made in the settlement of negotiations, it should be carried out in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003) of 21 November.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/33)
The Secretary-General's proposals and strengthening the Organization's initiative is the issue of all Member States and all Member States.
This is the special needs for Africa.
It is clear that the consensus between the United Nations and the United Nations would lead to a number of non-permanent members, and we will support this approach.
Mr. K.org (Australia) and Mr. Maron (Indonesia) was Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is to strengthen a important complement instrument for strengthening IAEA safeguards safeguards.
In the process of development of these systems, the Court requires considerable flexibility.
The first part of the budget has been stated that the Court requires a more than one case-by-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which would also include the Trial Chamber to provide a work in the Office.
• The specific facts for the formulation of a individual member of individual suspects is focused on the focus at the level of leadership
Performance indicators
• Provide effective support to the Prosecution Division and the Ministry of Legal Affairs and Policy to provide effective support.
The Office was planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and in October 2004.
Tracking records and records are not underestimated in the early monitoring of their use.
This operation requires assistance to ensure regular access to the Court's staff staff.
Through the United Nations Office for the Safety of Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and other international organizations, the Chief of the United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and other international organizations, the Security Council is also represented in the security interests of the Court.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to continue the International Criminal Court in order to promote the level of understanding of the principles, objectives and actions of the United Nations system, as well as the use of the principles, objectives and actions of the organization, and to establish a better range of public services, and to establish a better range of public libraries, and to establish a better public library, and to provide a better public library to support the activities of the Court.
(viii) To accept the Secretariat's attention to the Secretariat to consider any matters to consider any matter;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not a appropriate approach to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform the Secretary-General that my Government has signed the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, and authorized the agreement in this week.
Composition of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
8.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its goals and expected accomplishments, which provides that Governments and international organizations are responsible for the implementation of Agenda 21, the Sustainable Development Conference for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcome of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to speak on this issue today.
We call on the International Trade Organization on the elimination of the TRIPS Agreement on Intellectual rights in indigenous peoples adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Advisory Committee has before it the recommendation submitted by the Secretary-General (A/58/586) and the Advisory Committee will be able to report.
Agenda item 151
Emphasizes the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote the implementation of the right to development, including the financial resources and resources necessary to ensure effective implementation of the right to development, and to better provide the work and support of the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
It was proposed that the members of the Committee of the Parties explained the background and objectives.
The strict punishment of sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls were completed and completed.
In addition, other actions were taken by civil society and civil society:
- To change the attitude of women, which is still in the context of the social culture of the social culture, they have been forced to reduce women's progress.
As noted in the number of delegations, the cost of reimbursement costs for the 2008 troops is significantly lower in the cost of contingent-owned equipment; as a result of the troop-contributing countries, the number of troop-contributing countries would require more accurate and more detailed information.
The report of the Advisory Committee had been considered by the Advisory Committee that it should be directly addressed by the Fifth Committee and the troop-contributing countries.
Therefore, the Czech Republic of Croatia will assume the responsibility of the European Union to set out the provisions of the European Union in accordance with the provisions of the European Union, which should be given to a comprehensive legal adjustment on gender equality.
The provisions of the Penal Code of the Republic of Croatia in 2000 and 2003 is detailed in the present report of the Republic of Croatia.
Source: Central Statistics Office
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries of the beneficiaries have increased, in 1998, approximately 3505,000 people, in 1998 and 355,000 persons, in 1999.
• The Ministry of Health and Health has continued to carry out its activities at the end of 2003.
His delegation strongly rejects the inclusion of the item on the agenda of the Conference, which was contrary to the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was noted that the distinction between the goods had been used in the light of the original transport means.
A alternative proposal for a proposal should be given to the possibility that the protection of the protection of all parties, including independent groups, should be established.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future future to the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The report of the report (S/2001/575, S/2006/664, S/2002/64, S/2003/64) referred to the question of the return of all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq will continue to pay the return of the missing persons to the Kuwaiti persons, or to return their families.
The Coordinator would like to identify the efforts of the Secretary-General's fate.
M. M. M. Hasan Al-Khalifa Al-Khalifa
The Chairman said that the Committee recommended that the item would be allocated to the General Assembly plenary.
Finally, we wish to commend the CTC's efforts to strengthen further work in the fight against terrorism.
The development of global market systems — information in communication, the use of the media, improved transport links and more likely to be more effective and more more likely to contribute to the development of global terrorist networks, and that such networks have been a common way for the development of the world's development, and that such networks are a common and destructive way to destroy the common goals and destruction of terrorism.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, post-post increases has been postponed since the budget, and it is now impossible to postpone the delay, and that the UNDP service has been able to be delayed, and the staff's ability to perform them.
The United Nations Development Group will implement its plans to the end of September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, as a element of the Secretary-General's reform.
The Division also has also established the reform of the organization, in which the Ministry of Monitoring and Research (P.e., the Division of Statistics and Research) has been consolidated in the Division, and the United Nations Institute for Cities and Research, in which the Ministry of Public Information and Information is merged in a copy of the name.
The oversight function has been expanded, and also to monitor urban inequalities on urban inequalities.
The main theme of capacity-building will include analytical methods and communications, advocacy, networks and networks.
In 2007, the People's Democratic People's Republic, a new feature, may be introduced.
Challenges challenges:
As the National Committee is generally responsible for other resources, the Fund will be able to increase resources for regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited limited resources of the Foundation, non-staff activities are limited to the development of the work of the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the work, a growing impact of the activities and activities of the development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education in the Ministry of Education and Education, has coordinated various programmes, including the provision of education programmes in Mexico, young children, youth and adults.
In this regard, the Government of the Philippines recommends that the measures to protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers to protect migrant workers is not to enable them to acquire the illicit practices of illicit practices.
In Latin America, in Latin America, the same trend in the number of female workers in the number of female workers is supporting support for the creation of a base basis of women's causes, as well as the creation of a knowledge base in the current migration process.
The management and documentation document of the major conference address the central and fundamental aspects of the United Nations system in the world, as a whole of the world in the world (see A/57/37, para.
In consultation with the Working Group, the Department made efforts to explore methods of work and to submit a pre-session document to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Human rights and gender equity
As shown in table 10 of the Agreement, there is no indication of the application of the regulatoryization of the regulatory management of the Charter of the Agreement in accordance with article 10 of the Agreement, which is often limited to a number of areas in the area of scientific matters, which are often involved in the area of scientific matters, and that the International Maritime Management Organization would be able to consult with the United Nations Regional Cartographic Organization, which is likely to be held in the area of science and Fisheries, which is likely to be held by the International Maritime Organization.
Convention on the entry into force of the Agreement or the proposed international instruments
For example, the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of States Parties (OSCE/MOP), paras.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the establishment of the General Assembly of the International Criminal Court for the establishment of the International Criminal Court.
Use of groundwater in the field of terrestrial water is the scope of the Convention on the Law of the International Intellectual Property Organization.
Expressing its appreciation to the importance of effective control of drug control and the related consequences of illicit drug control and national policies in reducing drug trafficking and illicit policies in the context of reducing demand reduction,
Iraq stated that the value was not available to the goods, because “the material material was issued on 4 July 1990 and the provision of “A” was issued on 20 December 1989 and the provision of the delivery of credit was completed at three months.
Dr. Bisv claimed compensation for the “family subsistence allowance” for “family subsistence allowance” in the amount of the claim claimed by the claimant in the amount of compensation paid to the Kuwaiti population in North America in the amount of the amount of compensation for the amount of compensation for the maintenance of the service in North America.
As a result of the agreement on the basis of the establishment of the United Nations system, in the light of the intention of the Secretary-General for Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, Mr. K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. M.S. M.S. M.S. M.S. M.S. M.S. M. M. M. M. M.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends that the Panel's claim for relief or relief amounted to USD 7,287.
In the case of the U.S. U.A.A.A. said that it was reported that the amount of the ship and the vehicle for the invasion and occupation of Kuwait had been registered by the invasion and occupation of Kuwait, amounting to $26,160,000, as a result of the average rate of €2 per cent in the amount of the amount of USD 1,726,000, in the amount of the amount of USD 1,09 million.
This case relates to the International Foundation for the International Foundation of the Red Cross, which is located by the International Foundation for International Development (B.e. the International Foundation for International Cooperation”, which is located by the Committee.
The present document is submitted in accordance with the above requirements.
At the same time, India reiterates its commitment to the global nuclear disarmament commitments and the implementation of the policies and the use of the use of nuclear weapons or the use of nuclear weapons by the States of non-nuclear-weapon States.
On the same hand, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command bodies, including a political council, as a sole body for the use of nuclear weapons.
As a result of the High Commissioner, I have stressed this point.
Indeed, in many countries, there is no poor countries in the countries of poor countries, or in the countries of the rich countries, or to the extent that they are in the interest of the country, or they are in the area of income.
The Court must review the application of the application of the law in accordance with the provisions of the law.
(b) Reducing the time of the mandate of the Security Council, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations;
The request for the establishment of a consultant for the monitoring, evaluation, evaluation and advisory services of the Office in order to facilitate the effective oversight of peacekeeping operations in the field of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated this issue, and noted that the quality of information provided in the media in climate change was considered as a general case (France) that “the media does not clearly reflect the relationship between the international negotiations and the country's commitment to the country, and the “the media of the media has not been able to identify the role of international negotiations and the role of the media”.
Sweden stressed that the people must be aware of the need to understand and understand these issues and must also be aware of the need to address this process.
Media media.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped in short-term posts, the medium-term period, and long-term years.
Coordination and training programmes for donor donors must be carried out in a first phase of this component.
The loss of waste in the disposal of waste is caused by the loss of the ecosystem management and species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education are included in school curricula and/or schools.
The majority of the majority of the former people is that there is no individual obligation or responsibilities that have not been done, but that they have a right to be defined in a appropriate manner, if they are not in a appropriate manner, in a appropriate manner, whether they can be in a appropriate manner in the framework of the international framework and the national level.
Mr. Al-Khalifa, President of the Interior, 16 September);
The Convention applies to all other actions of the United Nations, such as the political mission, post-conflict peacebuilding missions, or humanitarian missions, but that the General Assembly or the General Assembly is entitled by the Security Council or the General Assembly (para. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We are afraid of the continuation of settlements in the Palestinian territories, especially in the West Bank and the West Bank in the West Bank and the West Bank in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, in particular those in the West Bank.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our deep concern about the serious violence and excessive use of force caused by excessive use of force, supplies and loss.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the British bank system could not be able to verify suspicious transactions.
It is not important to say that: “We do not have been changed” — you did not do not do what do not do so — “We do not” “in one one?
One of the expertise is one of the expertise of the training camps, as a result of the use of drug agents.
The scope of the activities of KKE is not not limited to the small island of Iraq.
We believe that this developments is a very important contribution, which will certainly allow the Security Council to make a important decision to make a decision on a greater sense of responsibilities and purpose.
I call on the representative of Iraq.
The economic exploitation also involves the harmful impact and development of child children in order to prevent their responsibilities and obligations in the field of schools, or in accordance with the standards of human rights standards, as well as the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW No. 1386, No. 1386, and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The private trade and other enterprises should provide workers to ensure that workers have paid their full standard of living with their families and their families.
Spain Antonio de la de la Fisheries, France, Mr. Pedro de Pérez de Pérez, Mr. Báá de de Silva, Mr. José de la de la, B. O. O. O. O. O. Gómez, Mr. José de Silva, President of Costa Rica
The former Yugoslav Republic of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mr. M. M. Navavovskiski
The President of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights on the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights introduced the appointment of the members of the Bureau, as well as the members of the members of the Group of the African Group, Latin America and the Caribbean, Latin America and the Caribbean and other international groups.
Meetings of the Conference
They suggested that each treaty body should take measures to improve the right of press releases.
President of the President
The Computer Division is composed of 1 Professional and 3 General Service staff, responsible for the effective application and implementation of information technology.
Accordingly, Mexico requested the Court's decision and declare:
There is currently only the documents of the Secretary-General to be issued only in the case of the case of the case and the document.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5777.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
If the funds of the Agency is not funded, it is likely to be found that the funds of the funds would be transferred to the use of the funds, if they are transferred to the use of the funds, if they are transferred to the use of the funds, such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general standards, the delegation of the United States supported the need for further consideration of the proposed structure of the proposed management system and looked forward to the results of the report of the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility for the development of economic and economic reforms in developing countries, and developed countries, particularly through the provision of assistance, trade and debt relief.
The total number of claimants have been carried out in Kuwait after the invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In accordance with paragraphs 2 to 2 of the first “E4” report of the first “E4” report, the claim was verified and verified in relation to the claim claimed by the claims in the instalment of claims.
Report of the Secretary-General
Taking into account the need to address extreme weather events and natural disasters and disaster reduction in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith the statement made by the General Assembly in New Delhi in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 in New Delhi, the World Forum on Peace and Non-Violence in New Delhi (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the United Nations Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action to ensure that all persons members of their families and their families are protected,
His country and my delegation, with his delegation, expressed its deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and others of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and are actively actively involved with many countries and international organizations.
Article 110.11 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina, including the confiscation of criminal activity, is used and used, including the purposes of confiscation and protection.
In addition to the Organization of the United Nations and the international community, I have also been cooperating with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Aviation Association (II) and the International Civil Aviation Association (IID) and the International Civil Aviation Association (IEC), the World Customs Organization, the International Institute for Air Control of Crime, the International Institute for Crime Control, the International Institute for Air Control of Crime, the International Institute for Air Control of Crime, the International Institute for Air Control, and the International Customs Organization (IEC).
English and French are working in the work of the working languages, but other languages, including the Conference, were used.
The latter is the seller's seller or the goods of the goods or the goods of the goods and its operational operations, and it is also possible to increase the relationship between the debtor and its business, and to reduce the use of new claims, and to reduce the possibility of the use of a new loan.
There was some laws that have been applied to the rule of law, which could lead to the fact that the insolvency representative did not lead to the time that the contract is not being rejected or not.
The insolvency representative may be a person or in certain jurisdictions, which may be a corporation or other legal entities.
(x) may be made to the creditor or any other matters of the representative of the insolvency representative.
As mentioned above (chap. III and B), insolvency law may wish to refer to confidentiality of the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Provide advice and assistance to the representative of the insolvency representative or the organization;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, the possibility of avoiding the possibility of delay to prevent the issue of ERW may be suspended in other legal matters, which may be applied to delay.
9.9 The creditor failed to submit a claim in the final report and accounting of the insolvency law, which may be likely to be different.
If the claims identified in the proceedings are considered by the insolvency proceedings, such claims may normally fall in a breach of the claim of the claim, as a result of the dispute's claim, in the case of the dispute's claim, in the case of the insolvency proceedings, as a result of the dispute's claim (a.g. see B.3 (a) and 8).
The insolvency proceedings often need to be trained by professionals, such as the insolvency representative, the insolvency representative or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
A number of legal law measures are generally required, and the insolvency representative may wish to make a proposal on the distribution and distribution of assets.
The threat posed by a large attack is also a normal aspect of the daily life of Israel.
We have not seen any practical steps to achieve this goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament in Africa, I share the views of the other members of the Conference, which we have all efforts to address the issue of East-East Asia.
Calls upon all States to ensure that the right to freedom of religion or belief in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and Belief, as well as the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Religion or Belief, shall be entitled to the right to worship or assembly, and to maintain and maintain such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur provide the necessary resources to enable him to discharge its mandate;
These include a note of programme programme programme and subprogramme 4 (Sustainable development) and increased new subprogrammes entitled “Sustainable development”.
In its resolution adopted by the General Assembly on the rights of children, the General Assembly continued to focus on mainstreaming the mainstreaming of all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
In the request of the President, the representatives of the Council will be distributed to the members of the Council.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are provided.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The South-South development initiative has been prepared by the United Nations Development Fund in 1999 (the first phase of the first phase — Panama, Panama, Venezuela, Ecuador, Ecuador, Peru, Peru and Botswana”.
In the case of bilateral dispute settlement, the State may take a effective use of the exhaustion of local remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principles established by the International Court of Justice in Barcelona Traction in Barcelona Traction as a fundamental principle for diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, the State party should be able to determine the grounds of unilateral action or omissions, which may be determined by a State to determine the basis of unilateral action or omissions; and, in particular, the effective criteria of the State authority, especially those of the authority of action or the enforcement of the rights of the competent bodies;
The Association also cooperated closely with the United Nations in the field of human rights, the conflict and the Peace Commission.
At the same time, the support of the Foundation's Foundation is being implemented in order to strengthen the role of civil society in improving reproductive health innovations.
There is a growing number of new initiatives worldwide throughout the world, which is in the region of Brazil, Canada, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, Germany, Germany, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, the Netherlands, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation and the United States.
Mexico's refugee approach to Guatemala could be a example of a durable solution to refugees.
Under the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. Antonio Antonio Antoniocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, from 2 p.m. to 2.30 p.m. in the General Assembly Hall, to hold a exhibition of the opening of the exhibition on the family.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Martínez, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In this connection, I would like to emphasize that the Agency's technical assistance to Member States is very important, and noted that progress has been made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan of the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure that good security records remain.
With regard to the implementation of the United Nations Plan for Action against Terrorism, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the staff members of the Agency are working on these areas and many other efforts in order to make our world better and safer.
In the case of the natural person, it is the case of the habitual residence.
(c) Any attempt to be found in the signature of the signature of electronic signatures, as soon as possible;
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the context of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was considered that such a definition is not the instrument of the instrument, which is the instrument of the instrument of instrument.
“The evaluation will be conducted in two phases.
1.4.5.5.5.5.4 The use of the goods in order to maintain the goods in order to ensure that the provision of the goods is available.
“3. Each State Party should examine their infrastructure and determine the interdependence of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the organizations of the United Nations system in the organizations of the United Nations system and the scientific and research Commission on Science and Technology for Development, in particular the role of the Committee on Science and Technology for Development,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, on Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council issued a briefing on behalf of the members of the members of the United Nations on behalf of the members of the Council of the Non-Aligned Movement, on behalf of the members of the Council, on the day of the day, on the day.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/52)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 9 -- Agenda on the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development — the Committee on the Sustainable Development of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, adopted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women 2005-2015: [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 shows that young girls provide the use of the space.
As the General Assembly was approved by the General Assembly on 27 October, the first meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be held by the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities.
In this regard, we note with particular concern that the human rights development report in 2003 clearly stated that the situation in sub-Saharan Africa will be able to meet the primary goal of universal primary education in the area of the period between 2 to 12 years, and to reduce the mortality rate of halving extreme poverty, in the sub-Saharan Africa.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa is a real risk for international peace and security.
That is the understanding of Eritrea's recovery in Africa.
Developing countries need to overcome a wide range of obstacles, which could be used to use the growth market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Committee.
The killing of the murder of the murder of the murder of the murder of the murder of the murder of the murder of the Israeli citizens was killed.
“The complainant finds that the complainant found that it is not a matter of continuous situation in the context of the situation, which is not the case of the entry into force of the Convention until the entry into force of 14 June 1945 of 14 June 1945 of 14 June 1945).
In particular, the Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found a number of breaches of the provisions of a violation of a violation of the provisions, and subsequent measures were taken to be adopted.
The State party's admissibility of the admissibility of the author's admissibility, which is not a party to the State party, has not yet affected the implementation of the Committee's mandate, and that the State party's ability to implement its functions, which is not affected by the State party, has not yet been able to carry out its functions, and that the State party's obligations should not be done in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The issue of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also concerned about discrimination in the market market, and 20 per cent of the person's use of sexual or accessible access to public sites and public services.
The Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 1724/199 of 9 April 1987 on 9 April 1987, A/42/40 of 9 April 1987, annex B, section B, para.
See, for example, the Committee on Human Rights No. 50/1993/1993, S. v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/5, vol. II, vol. II, sect. I, sect. I, sect. I, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the situation in drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school students was elected by university students, with a view to teachers, and to provide the training of cooperatives in the country.
On 13 May 2003, the Tribunal's award of the Tribunal's Tribunal was re-range, while the first-year case of the Tribunal's decision was dismissed.
Commentary
The recent year of the past year had been exacerbated by the fact that the non-proliferation regime had been experienced in many years, and clearly clearly the need to strengthen a specific step.
It is expected that the provision of $1 million and $50 million in the joint programme had been made to achieve the complementarity of capacity-building for capacity-building and the complementarity between the United Nations and the United Nations system.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy policy):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur's Special Rapporteur on this topic was a detailed study on this topic.
(d) Conflict situations;
Bulgaria also signed memorandums of understanding on the exchange of financial information between Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island of the islands is not a legal or flagrant component of the United Nations Interim Administration.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle of resolving the principles of the island territories.
Priorities should include support to support and stability; rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the gross domestic product in Djibouti increased to 1 per cent in 2001.
Article 24 of the Act No. 788 of the Law of Law No. 78 of the Law of the Law of the State of the Islamic Republic of Iran
The security situation must continue to continue to stabilize and build the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangement include the period 2002-2003.
To date, there has been approximately 300 kilometres of square kilometres, and the Palestinian terrorists could not be able to flee the civilian population of the Palestinian population.
Germany regrets the regret by the recent escalation of violence between Israel and the Palestinians.
The wall has not been built in the Green Line.
This wall is both in parallel, roads and fence.
The European Union and the relevant parties continue to maintain close contacts with the parties to assist them to implement the road map.
The leaders of the Palestinian people must take practical steps to demonstrate the commitment of extremist extremists.
“The addressee is unable to be reasonable and expected to provide information on the information information available to them.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislative and policy areas, there seems to be done that measures have been taken to mainstream gender mainstreaming policies.
Expressing its deep concern about the impact of Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation of the country, including many innocent people, and the devastating effects of the region,
The high-level segment of the High-level Dialogue is the theme for the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the future mandate.”
The draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.4 reflects the imbalance of transparency in conventional arms control, which is not excluded from weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference has stressed the need to strengthen and national policies, regional and international policies, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, to develop the activities of the organizations and organizations.
2003
A number of diamond mining surveys, cross-border patrols and airport advisers are currently in place to assist Sierra Leone.
Children's children are particularly difficult, and they can be able to win, burns, diss, and the cause of fear.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that, in paragraphs 19 and 20 of the draft resolution, a new priority and insolvency explanation was addressed.
Rules
Also decides that the Working Group will recommend recommendations to address the review of the outcome of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review of the review and cycle of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits, taking into account the positive role of all relevant stakeholders to implement the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the internationally agreed development goals in the new millennium and other international development goals, including the goals contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, and the need to achieve greater coherence and effectiveness,
Meeting of the Security Council, pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B of resolution 1353 (2001), the Security Council met to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the Japanese citizenship to apply to the citizens of the overseas Territories, while it was requested that the Territory of the Territories had been transferred to their local legislation, particularly in respect of human rights and financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government has invested a loan of $50 million in the Government, mostly in Anguilla and the Caribbean Bank.
In the same resolution, the General Assembly calls upon all States, specialized agencies and specialized organizations to provide grants to the Palestinian refugees to provide scholarships and scholarships for Palestine refugees, and invites the relevant agencies of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to assist the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) in their respective mandates, to continue to assist the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) and to provide qualified candidates to the Palestinian refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the Secretary-General's attention to the implementation of the Charter's report on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of States affected by the Convention.
The Committee should focus on the issue of a number of cases, avoiding the allocation of resources to the United Nations other agencies of the Security Council and other United Nations agencies, as well as other United Nations agencies.
(b) Domestic stability system
The return of those who are displaced who are displaced are often difficult, because the population of mass exoduses is not unable to receive the most basic assistance and conflicts in the country.
States recognized the primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
A copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of the company's company's company, which was submitted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the company.
Mr. Khane (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Myanmar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, Swaziland, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a recorded vote on the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply to the fact that he did not apply to the decisions of the rule of procedure of the rule of procedure of the Committee, and hoped that his delegation would make the following statement, his delegation's understanding of the rules of the Legal Affairs Office and the President of the Chair.
KFOR continues to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations in Kosovo throughout Kosovo and provide security assistance to support the police activities in Kosovo.
In that regard, India strongly condemns all terrorism and violence.
Decides to include, inter alia, the main groups of the United Nations, including non-governmental organizations, to participate in the Conference of the General Assembly under rule 6 of the provisional rules of procedure;
Requests the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources available to the Department of Public Information in the field of resources, to ensure that all major groups, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, the regional and regional media, including small island developing States and the international media, to encourage contributions and support to the International Conference on Small Arms and Light Information,
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Consultative Organization
Albania, Croatia and Macedonia will be able to meet their commitments in accordance with the commitments set out in the President of the Naia region.
However, we need to continue to mobilize the resources necessary to achieve all the declarations adopted in all our resolutions — which is very promising to the peoples of the peoples of extreme poverty.
We re-establish the efforts of the economy to require new foreign direct investment, development assistance, transfer transfer and the need to enhance cooperation between Member States and the United Nations.
We are deeply sadly informed that the Office of Iraq's Committee on Peacekeeping Operations was killed by the Secretary-General of Iraq, who was killed by the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime have been limited to the extent that the most important nuclear non-proliferation regime had been identified.
A vision of the success of the European Union of the European Union, which has led to the success of the European Union, has led to the success of the European Union.
The search and means of the truth is to continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
Subparagraph (1)
Application or choice of application
Some participants expressed support for this recommendation.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be entered into the database at the national level (www.dd.gov).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also also relevant that we are able to assess evidence of the evidence collected by each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor's request for any comments or response.
Mr. Mirazz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran had agreed to analyse the analysis of South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation in the report of the Secretary-General (A/58/35).
During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur met with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Office in Geneva.
In addition, the Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran were similar.
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted consultations with the Conference of the WTO Member States on the basis of the revised text of the fourth Ministerial Declaration (No.
It was generally felt that the revised draft guideline did not reflect their interests and concerns.
Major challenges are to change climate change into risk assessment and benchmarking.
“1. In relation to the use of the use of force, threat to the use of force or the use of other explosive ordnance or vessels, the imprisonment of 15 to 15 years were sentenced to imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the need for the proposed mandate of such measures as a result of such measures, and announced that the country had become one of the sponsors of Denmark and the United States on such mines.
Documents
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good beginning, but it would be required that the Unit will be able to meet the rule of law.
During the past decade, the number of conflicts in internal conflicts increased a significant change in armed conflict.
It is hoped that, in the context of the preparation of the report, consultations with the relevant agencies and civil society in the United Nations system, as possible.
It was also proposed that “Other” should be deleted to address the emergency situation of those persons.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted a proposal by the Chairman, which was adopted by the Chairman:
The signing and memorandum of memorandums of understanding signed by the FIU in order to provide information on the monitoring of financial networks in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• The list and items of the importing company;
Similarly, a preliminary discussion of the Commission's experts with UNMIK and the central leadership of UNMIK and the provincial leaders had begun to initiate a consensus-building process in the grass-roots community.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will be approved shortly.
In its forty-sixth session, the Committee approved the recommendations of the Working Group on its forty-sixth session to prepare a working group on the work of the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III of the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space) and endorsed the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III of the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
This would allow Sweden to provide a direct data for the exchange of data in all parts of Europe.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will take positive and effective participation in order to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference can be accepted in the form of the format, or in the content.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee on the period between February and May 2003, the Office of the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining, held in Geneva, the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining, held two mine-clearance experts on the basis of the second report of the Standing Committee.
The International Monitoring and Evaluation Programme: The establishment of a international programme in order to cooperate with participating countries in order to avoid the use and evaluation of humanitarian demining equipment, systems and means.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to take any possibility to explore and effectively discharge any possibility of the role of the conciliator;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade and bilateral trade arrangements does not reduce the important role of the multilateral system, as well as a open system of non-discriminatory discrimination, but that it would be no option.
A solution to finding a solution to the practical trade economy in specific countries and assess their identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 of the Ad Hoc Group on Early Warning System,
Requests the Secretariat to cooperate with the Committee on Science and Technology, in cooperation with the Committee on Science and Technology, to select three and four representatives from Parties, and to submit the Committee on Science and Technology at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly frequently used this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the appropriation appropriated by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/249 of 27 June 2002 amounted to $38,898,800 net ($827,000 net) for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, the increase of the local staff for the increase of the local staff for the period from 1 July 2002 to 1 July 2002 and the estimated of $35,000 from the local staff in Damascus and the Faria camp.
One of the federal federal budget has been allocated to the safety of chemical weapons in order to improve the security of such security.
At the same time, the Equal Opportunities Office has been used to conduct a number of procedures that have been used.
(2) To provide skills or specialized technical assistance to the organization or their cooperation, or in cooperation with them;
The Chairman said that the phrase “legal law” might be the impression that the impression that the impression was referred to other laws, and the “legal” refers to clear reference to the law of the concession contract.
The devastating effects of the daily conflict is the result of the socio-economic economy and the deterioration of the blockade.
In resolution 1397 (2002), resolution 1397 (2002), the Security Council reflects that the resolution reaffirmed the importance of the principle of mutual coexistence between the two States.
These countries have a serious threat to the existence of the regime and the serious threat of the international nuclear weapons programme, as well as the destruction of the illegal nuclear weapons programme, hostility and their repressive regime, without all representatives and the entire world.
According to UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector in the Zugdidi area was generally calm.
I would now like to say that the international community focus on the work of the international community.
I am often told that the donor countries do not know that there is no intention to accept the idea of the country.
He has spoken, open and frank, to rely on the loss and changes of commodity-dependent countries.
The above guidelines are aimed at providing a coherent, coherent evaluation framework, which would enable the Government to make a change in reducing the risks posed by ships and ports.
In addition to this, there is a high-scale industrial product to be used.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that special efforts should be taken to protect these human resources, degradation, degradation, pollution and threat to fisheries resources, and the other important implications of human activities.
It is essential to strengthen the control of flag vessels.
See also the publication of press materials on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the mandate of the Special Rapporteur require the need to clarify the issue.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include the following efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; to help build information exchange and exchange networks; mobilization of resources; mobilizing best practices;
The Secretariat will revise a national database on the basis of the criteria set out in the revision of the system.
Strengthening the role of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the promotion of human rights in the field of human rights, with a view to formulating a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 3/216 of 19 December 1977, entitled “International arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular in section VIII of the United Nations system,
The Committee welcomed the part of the results-based budgeting format, namely, expected accomplishments, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also stressed that the three subprogrammes should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in the comprehensive and comprehensive socio-economic initiatives for Africa.
It was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposed number of outputs.
It was noted that statistics could be one of the areas involved in the area.
According to the view, the Office of the High Commissioner should strive to make every effort to promote and ensure coherence between the United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and the division of labour, and ensure the coherence of their policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph to read: “c) the knowledge base for sustainable development, as well as to develop the transfer of technology, to develop and utilize relevant information related to the development of the development of sustainable development, and to utilize all information on the development of the development of sustainable development, and to use the use and dissemination of relevant data, including through greater use of information technology, to support the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development and the outcome of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 seemed to be cautious and should be cautious.
It was reported that, in the case of the Americas of American States (Colombia), there is no recognition of discrimination between Roma and Roma, in many parts of the Republic of Macedonia, in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
In order to provide adequate and effective remedies, it was proposed that a independent or court member of the minority group was established.
However, the need to develop two measures in order to limit international standards in some countries are difficult.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of the national community network.
Financial statements for the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
First Group
Decides to approve the report of the United Nations Tokelau Mission in East Timor;
In its resolution 56/19 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly noted the importance of the Strategy's overall goal of action for mine clearance operations, while it recommended that the international community should be given priority in the context of the period 2001-2005.
This three judicial proceedings are not excluded and mutually reinforcing, and it can be helpful to help Rwanda and reconciliation.
This record is equally important for the rights and administration of justice.
According to the current legislation, the members of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have the right to pay the issue of the issue and the archives of the Tribunal, which may also be directly applied to domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on the issue of Iraq, but it is not impossible to stop the bloodshed and that the United Nations had not failed to resolve the Middle East crisis in the twenty-first century.
The United Nations General Assembly, as the principal decision and decision-making decisions of the United Nations, has made serious consideration of the recommendations made by the debate.
It was asked that we can support the efforts of the local community?
Open-ended informal consultations on the Oceans and the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach needed to take into account the functions and processes of the Committee.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector, as well as the preparatory process of the Preparatory Committee, to further contribute to the preparatory process of the Summit, and to participate actively in the summit;
The International Law Commission considered the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of the international responsibility of the Commission, which is a “International principle of general international law” in the case of justice, national practice, treaties and forensic associations.
As a result of the rights of the right to remedy, the injured State may require the need to exhaust the rights of the person and may lead to a decision.
The issue of this question is also relevant.
(a) The General Assembly decides that the General Assembly has not been used for the use of air tickets not available to the General Assembly, with a view to which the least developed countries are invited to participate in the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. Eonald daa (Secretariat) said that, as explained in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to study the various ways of the use of the concessionaire in many countries.
Following the submission of the report of the Secretary-General, the secretariat of the Committee had been a preliminary assessment of these claims.
Although the number of claimants received, there was no response to the above standards.
Contribution to development at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/3 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include a special item entitled “Implementation and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010,
The mandate of the General Assembly has been reviewed, and OIOS had focused on the methodology taken by the Secretary-General to focus on some administrative aspects, in which these areas could be improved.
The European Union would reaffirm its determination to sign the Convention, ratification and ratification of the Convention against terrorism.
The Act provides the following matters:
18 June 2004
In the Council, the Council requested other tasks to the Group and also referred to the Group's efforts to increase the issue of the natural resources of natural resources and other types of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and in particular in the context of the illicit trade and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Cooperation and cooperation between the parties
The third party, despite the lack of opportunities, had not been made by the Group of Experts.
As a result of a regional solution, the above recommendations did not have a long-term implementation.
Slovenia was requested to provide responses to the form of the report from 7 July 2003.
Noting that the United Nations conferences and summits of the United Nations Conference and the World Conference on the Status of Family in the 1990s and the implementation of its follow-up processes will continue to provide guidance on the basis of strengthening policies and programmes in family centres, as part of the integrated comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Ms. Schöpp-Chairman (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) introduced the report of the Advisory Committee on the report of the Board of Auditors (A/57/469), noting that the delays on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors and the Board of Auditors remains a great concern.
With regard to the implementation of the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed the Committee's views that the situation in the implementation of the Office of the Coordination of Humanitarian Coordination was unclear.
If it is, please provide the Committee to provide similar information on the information listed in the list listed in the list of items.
If so, please provide the reasons for reasons, termination or return.
In the country and financial system, there is no other legal activities for other legal entities or other legal entities or persons, lawyers or financial contractors.
Taking note of the important work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General,
Second regular session 2003
It is part of the long-term policy of the occupying Power, the occupying Power and its subsidiary authorities, which seeks to support the establishment of the Turkish Cyprus in order to restore the withdrawal of the Israeli Cypriots and the Turkish Cypriot of the European Union.
In different regions, “the trade trade” is also designed to develop the environment and social dimensions of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) the use of new knowledge in the areas of development of the development of the issues of development, and (b) to develop a flexible approach to the design of new topics and a new model in order to adapt to the design of new topics.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means the international community to make the international community to achieve the work of WTO.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the implementation of a decision-making process in the context of the decision-making process.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, in the context of trade and financial relations, obstacles to the economic and social development of the injured countries.
The Committee asked that there were three bienniums's lack of baseline data for measuring performance data and that it had not been prepared to prepare the outputs.
Several factors have led to this change.
(t) “Other service” means any employee, organization, managers or officials of any entity, including or outside the duty of the service of the United Nations, in which the person involved in the authority of the person, or by the private person;
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) In subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall be carried out in accordance with the jurisdiction of the State Party in accordance with the jurisdiction of the State Party.
Article 37
However, the requesting State Party may, in its view, to provide assistance in the context of its discretion, regardless of the State party's domestic law, as appropriate, in its discretion.
(b) Request the investigation, prosecution or nature of the proceedings and the nature and nature of the proceedings, as well as the name and functions of the process of investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party should ensure that measures should be taken by the State and financial institutions in order to ensure that its banking and financial institutions have been maintained in a appropriate period.
During the second reading of the second reading of the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposes the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that the use of existing regional mechanisms and means to ensure unnecessary duplication of existing regional mechanisms and means are also important.
The projected projected growth rate in all sectors of the 2000 population period, which is the case of “measures” for the period period, is expected to be included in the waste management.
Note: The list of State code, annex.
These rates include the salaries and office costs.
One third of the total payment of the total payment of payments is to be used in the case of the period in the case of the trial period.
The full text of the briefing is presented to you.
If a organization is recognized as a organization of terrorism, its assets is confiscated and transferred.
To date, the Foreign Minister of Foreign Affairs has been supported by a joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, the right to the highest enjoyment of the highest attainable attainable standard of physical and mental health is the right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable attainable standard of living with disabilities.
Agenda
Definition of forest-related definitions
The preparation process of the present report showed that, although the development and cost-effectiveness of developing countries have been done, the cooperation between developing countries has been very broad, but that they have not been able to participate in the institutional policy.
Many of the Governments had been able to have the concept of the concept of the practice in the fourth session of Buenos Aires.
The majority of the least developed countries have expressed political conflicts and lack of financial resources to increase the major obstacles to South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field network network has been expanded, and it is currently working with major partners to provide advisory services to the programme of the programme.
In order to meet terrorism to combat terrorism, it is important to focus on the activities of the three three nuclear-terrorism activities in the three three-terrorism activities, as well as the means of preventing terrorist activities to prevent terrorist activities (e.g., the prevention of terrorist activities, such as the use of weapons and/or the use of terrorist terrorists; and the need to strengthen the anti-terrorism of terrorist terrorists (such as the use of terrorist terrorists; and the strengthening of terrorist terrorists, and the strengthening of terrorist terrorists, and the strengthening of the national security capacity and the capacity-building capacity of the crisis.
The development of the development of development must be an integral part of the international investment agreement to support greater foreign direct investment and more income.
NGOs has organized a national network to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popcucucu said that she wondered the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would like to know to know the training of literacy training and to reduce girls in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral action, which is not the road map, because it has to create a viable, Palestinian and Palestinian country.
Capacity-building.
First session (P.
The Millennium Bank and the Agricultural Development Initiative in Amman, the industrial development Bank, 1976 (and others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as well as the Secretary-General's note of 14 November 2002 on 14 November 2002 and on 14 February 2003, the Secretary-General of the United Kingdom informed the Secretary-General to inform the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Mr. Peter Robert, Director of the General Assembly of the International Criminal Court.
A partner partner, Malawi's International Accounting Company
Convinced of the urgent need to combat crime and all forms of terrorism and to promote international cooperation and technical assistance;
For example, the port of port to the private sector at the highest level of the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique, Mozambique and Djibouti) was insufficient to be sufficient funding, and the implementation of structural adjustment programmes.
Director of the Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Sweden) on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.211.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made by the representative of the European Union and to agree on article 1 and 3 of the same wording.
Financial contracts and net reserves
Such termination and order to determine the risk of risk risk is a result of the termination of the contract, unless the termination of these contracts is before the commencement of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Prosecutor expressed its interest with a number of preliminary investigations in the Commission on Truth and Reconciliation, in particular maps and forensic reports, and that the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate all documents between the TRC and the Special Court.
(a) To develop administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to promote efficient efficiency, effectiveness and effectiveness of the administration of justice, including through appropriate and effective action, to deal with staff;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report should be submitted in the present report.
There are also two prominent human rights activists, who are accused of accused.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the implementation of the Programme of Action on human rights and respect for human rights as a key factor for managing the economic and stability of migration, consolidating democracy and the achievement of the rule of law;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action on the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests the ECOWAS members to take all activities in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, in particular the report of ECOWAS on the implementation of the Declaration on the Prevention of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, in particular those in the present resolution;
UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
A number of States groups participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin's participation in the harmonization and harmonization of the United Nations, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, in which Nepal participated in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestinian territory
The Committee held a formal meeting (resolutions 45), which was held in a number of consultations and held several meetings during 2003.
The Panel has not failed to provide any direct contact between those requirements in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported the Panel that many individuals may have a breach of the prohibition, because they have a foreign nationality or other persons.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses on the effectiveness of the project.
The rights of women and women on the basis of global standards and women's rights.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information on the status of all ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a updated report to address the recommendations of Member States of the United Nations peacekeeping Mission in the amount of the outstanding financial and external debt deficit, to be considered by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction the adoption of a draft resolution on the management of the United Nations Convention on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic and Social Development, and the adoption of a draft resolution on the adoption of the draft resolution, and the adoption of a global system on the global system,
Cessation of nuclear arms and disarmament.
It is therefore essential for our full support to this effort.
More efforts must be made to identify acts of terrorist acts of warfare or warfare, which is the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. N. N. N. N. N. B. Mr. N. N. B.
China is one of the victims of terrorism.
The principle of such principles is more more than the world faces more dangerous.
What we do so?
However, some issues cannot not be given to the attention of the participants.
Another threat to international peace and security — you should be correct to address that evaluation — the proliferation of vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (on the ambassadorial level)
As stated in my previous minutes, Mr. Mohamed, I have been able to ensure that this arrangement is successfully able to ensure that the mandate of the President is a very important.
These concerns: the implementation of land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are not sufficient to secure the poor; some of them are to provide compensation for the construction of the road project; and the people of the Palestinian people and the poor.
This fact highlights the need to address and analyse risks of vulnerability and vulnerability, reflecting the need for emergency response to prevention.
The application of the entry into force of the International Federation of Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation in order to be sentenced to the application of the trial (No.
In the light of the consequences of death and other major consequences, the following-year years shall be punishable by 10 to 25 years.
The above act is:
A/58/7/Add.13, final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 71.
The Executive Director of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has been told to do so?
Only the use of force against the threat of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002), which has been adopted by the Government of Iraq, the Government of Iraq has made the end of the Government of Iraq, and that there is no progress in this area, and that there is no progress in this area, and that there is no progress in cooperation in this area, but that there is still no progress in this area.
What is the meaning of the right to health in the context of law?
The third type of diseases — which is most vulnerable — is the lack of little research and development in the rich countries, but there are no commercial development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Promotion and dissemination of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the use of “terrorism and assistance for non-terrorism and assistance”.
Main findings
A detailed study on adult genital mutilation was carried out in 2002.
It was suggested that the number of existing practices on the use of the bill of lading and “the “the”” was raised in the light of a reference to the use of a “the”” for the use of the “the bill of lading” in certain types of transport documents.
A general comment was made that the provisions of the draft instrument contained in article 8 of the draft instrument was the use of the “electronic record” for the period of the draft instrument and the use of “electronic records” in the context of the United Nations system, as well as the distinction between the transport document and electronic records, rather than the content of the document.
The view was expressed to article 1.2.2 of the same concern, and requests that the text of the draft article should be identified, and the text of the draft article should be identified in the context of the contract under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument could address other issues arising from the draft instrument of the draft instrument in the context of the draft instrument of the draft instrument, such as the question of information and damage between the United Nations and other transport conventions (see paras. 258 and 26-77).
I wish to remind the Permanent Missions of the Mission and the observer of Observers to take into account the closure of the afternoon, on Wednesday, 21 September 2003, at its 8th meeting, on Monday, 21 September 2003, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the importance of procurement systems to the global economic growth of the country and also highlighted the efforts of the international agencies in the field of procurement.
In the light of the conclusions of the thirteenth session of the SBSTA, the Secretariat would use such information and to provide a further range of methodological work on the quality of data on the quality of data on the quality of data on the quality of data on the quality of data.
Action: The SBSTA requested the information provided by the SBSTA, as appropriate, to the Secretariat and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also urged all air traffic to take place in the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the report on the quality of livestock and livestock;
The Department of Public Information, entitled “United Nations and decolonization”, was prepared by the Department of Justice in 2001, which is a major focus on the role of the United Nations and individual organizations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, which are primarily focused on the role of the United Nations in the United Nations in the context of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the Special Committee on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the Special Committee on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the territory of the Territories.
Mr. Reordoo (Cuba) noted that the press press was published by the Department of Public Information on the press of the Caribbean Regional Seminar on the Caribbean Regional Seminar, which was also published by the Parliament on press releases.
In accordance with the provisions of the Swiss law, the provisions of the law is reasonable for the freezing of assets associated with individuals and entities associated with Osama bin Laden or the Taliban.
In the light of the provisions of the Act, EVV is required to be corrected.
Assistance to other countries are currently being studied to assist them to assist them to implement the measures set out in the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Potential options
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 56/253 and 57/282, the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/253 and 57/282, the United Nations Office at Nairobi, in its request to strengthen the budget of the Office of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, would be included in section 4, paragraph 2, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Booklets, guided tours, presentations: exhibitions and services: cart material materials and services (1); (1);
However, the success of the Monterrey Consensus and the success of the world depends on the need for a global partnership.
At present, we must be committed to the spirit of the partnership between the poorest and the rich countries.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial business, international trade, international trade and stability.
Cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, but the business and business law can be an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers for the use of the arbitral proceedings.
The Internet and computer technology is not only only of traditional offences (such as theft of such crime, property, property, property, property, credit of property and other crime) and other criminal infrastructure (such as the acquisition of property, equipment and communications, and other criminal infrastructure) and the threat of the United Nations and the Government.
• To ensure equal access to all parties to all parties to ensure that they are free to enter into outer space and to avoid the use of releases;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic growth, poverty and social exclusion are the root causes of a new conflict, and the causes of a new conflict in a new conflict, as well as the need for a new conflict, the stability, stability and peace.
They reiterated its conviction that the non-Aligned Movement members of the Non-Aligned Movement, as well as the non-nuclear-weapon States, should be given a comprehensive, unconditional and legally binding instrument to the non-nuclear-weapon States.
The State or Government of Heads of State or Government are not opposed to the right to freedom of law, and to limit the access of developing countries in developing countries and to restrict technical and technical assistance to developing countries and their multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Board also has similar measures in the export industry.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to make a number of restrictive ballot.
I would be grateful if you would circulate this letter to the present letter as a document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
To that end, the establishment of a independent or court court and the court to provide appropriate procedures for the rights of the person.
Taking into account the right of States parties to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to ensure that the rights of all individuals under their territory and their jurisdiction are recognized,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
A total of $6.5 million would be used for civilian staff training, amounting to $2 million for peacekeeping operations.
In fact, the various business banks and financial institutions have been set out in the follow-up guidelines to the Thai Bank.
The violence against women against women is an essential component of HIV/AIDS strategies.
(b) To launch campaigns and to engage in the participation of the media and the media of the media, to create a good example of the role of men in the promotion of HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has helped to develop a national population policy and updated census data, which are crucial to the development of a new economic and demographic problem.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Director-General of the Deputy Director of the Economic and Social Council of the Economic and Social Council, Mr. N. N. Mr. N. N. Ms. N. B. Ms. M. B. Ms. M. O. Ms. M.e. Mr. M.org, Special Representative of the Secretary-General of South Africa.
- Act No. 7009 of 20 March 1970 on the management of financial regulations in 1970;
I have the honour to transmit herewith you to you herewith the letter dated 15 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed its support for the support of development assistance in Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
All affected countries have considered the implementation of the UNCCD.
At the first session of the CRIC, in November 2002, the first session of the CRIC held a consultation meeting in Italy to provide further measures to the analysis of the analysis and recommendations of the evaluation of regional cooperation in regional cooperation and proposals.
In paragraph 2 of Security Council resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendations of the Ambassador of the United Nations in the context of strengthening the coordination of armaments in the context of strengthening monitoring and verification mechanisms.
Several representatives commended the Secretary-General's comprehensive comprehensive report to demonstrate their support for the proposed programme of work.
The Committee is scheduled to consider the item in paragraph 2 of the draft resolution, on Tuesday, 8 April 2003 to 11 April 2003.
Ensure that security security is a major factor for ensuring security, national and national sovereignty, national and national sovereignty and stability in the field of information.
Decides that the establishment of the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) is a first-month period to support the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and in accordance with the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and in accordance with the proposed options of the Secretary-General, in accordance with the Secretary-General's report, and to cooperate with France and ECOWAS;
In accordance with paragraph 14 of resolution 1460 (2003), the requirement for the immediate recruitment or use of children to all parties to the conflict or use of children against children in accordance with the international obligations of the child;
The Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. President, on 21 January, read out a strong support to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Secretary-General Kofi Annan, to provide strong support to our initiative, and he is very encouraged that we have made a strong support to our initiative.
As a result of the annual report of the 2001 annual session, I have seen a contradiction.
Children remains the main victims of the conflict.
In June 1999, my Special Representative had been committed to the RUF, allowing the Government of the United Kingdom and the child and child soldiers, while the United Kingdom Defence Forces had been committed to the humanitarian and child soldiers, and the Palestinian Defence Forces had also been subjected to recruitment and reintegration.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the request for “the application of the “year”” and requests to provide recommendations on monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of the territory of Iraq, there has been difficulties in difficult time.
With regard to Japan, my country will be able to ensure that the United Nations fulfil its primary responsibility to fulfil the challenges faced by the international community.
It is not a problem of disarmament.
In paragraph 6 of the Council's decision, the Council set out that the claimant's claim for the claimant's claim is to take reasonable steps to reduce the loss of loss, “the amount of loss of loss” for the loss of loss.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening procurement and management of military personnel, civilian police and civilian police and civilian personnel and the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is one of the main considerations, since the poor's family is not equal opportunities for equal education, or in some cases.
If migrants did not meet the time of time, the right to social welfare requires a threat to the protection of migrants and their families in the host country.
The erosion of urban migration has led to the support of indigenous peoples in many years, and they have found relationships with traditional areas.
In the Latin America and the Caribbean, the majority of older persons are often particularly vulnerable to the age of the labour market, and they have been subjected to the return of the labour market, and that many people who have returned to the labour market will be able to be able to make their material.
This legal framework is not not to protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, because indigenous peoples stressed the common ownership of their full resources.
There is a alarming picture of the consistency of development policies and international cooperation.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the coordination and implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations Economic and Social Council in the major economic and economic conferences and summits,
Taking into account:
International Association for Public Education and Research
As explained in paragraph 136 of the report, the Council will be able to review the cost of the claims to be considered by the Council.
In the case of a claim, compensation was sought for the amount of the amount of the sale of goods in the sale of goods from a third State in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 8 (a) (see paras.
On instructions from my Government, I wish to inform the Court of Justice on the decision of the International Court of Justice on Honduras and El Salvador on 30 April 2003 to the letter on 30 April 2003 as a document of the United Nations Organization of American States (OAS) to assist the United Nations Organization of American States to assist the Group of the Non-Aligned Countries in El Salvador.
UNHCR assisted the adequate housing of refugees, especially women and female heads of women, which constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unf.org/programme/cw/index.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting the multilateral trading system in the multilateral trading system, and to identify the development of trade and development issues in the multilateral trading system, and assist developing countries to develop and develop national trade policies.
The specific circumstances of the above set forth in the above above is the complexity of the complexity and details of the request, which may not be able to meet the time frame, which may be agreed by the requesting party.
The largest trading partners of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Morocco, Oman, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution
There is a serious human rights issue.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to be built, while existing settlements continue to be expanded.
Report of the Government of the Republic of Moldova on the request to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee on 11 July 2003
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Bbasa (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to say that my delegation would like to join the consensus on the draft resolution on the coordination of humanitarian assistance in the United Nations, which would not mean that the draft resolution on the coordination of humanitarian assistance in emergency humanitarian assistance, which did not mean that it was not a clear concept of the concept of humanitarian assistance, as well as the concept of the draft resolution, as well as the concept of the concept of human rights, as well as the concept of the concept of human rights, as well as the concept of the concept of human rights, as well as the principles of the Charter of the United Nations in the framework of the Organization's work.
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraph 3 to 8 of the present report contains the comments made by the Tribunal to implement the Strategy.
Table 4 (para. 45) provides a increase of income for income in the amount of $1,32.2 million.
However, the main objectives of the Secretary-General should not be achieved.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know that the Treaty of the ABM Treaty is the cornerstone of the international security system.
In the absence of terrorist acts of terrorist acts or individuals, such as those, the State should not exercise the inherent legitimate self-defence of the inherent legitimate self-defence, and that unilateral action could be a disastrous war, since which many innocent civilians are killed.
It is not possible to avoid the most important issues that the law is to determine this issue.
In the national elections, the Government has launched a campaign campaign to encourage voters to vote in favour of vote.
In Ghana, relations between the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Strategy (PRSPs) is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goals.
Since the country has participated in the chemical-based programme of drug abuse on drug abuse, the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) has been assisted in developing new legislation.
In this framework, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to establish a new insurance insurance scheme for the country.
The meeting heard a overview of the comprehensive presentation of the report of the country assessment report, as well as the progress made in the implementation of the report, and the achievements of the Caribbean region in the area of sustainable development, as well as the challenges faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action.
The Meeting was informed that some research projects were carried out in the area of biological, biological and technical fields.
Article 12
The region has been involved in the area of law enforcement law at the regional level.
The objective should be to establish a management mechanism in accordance with the activities of prospecting exploration, as well as the establishment of a sound management mechanism.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The preliminary report on the progress made in the follow-up to the follow-up to the special session of May 2002 has been made in the context of the general and regional situation, and the need to further follow up the actions taken in four main main areas; and calls for further efforts to achieve the world fit for children.
They also prepared a statement to the Government of the United Nations civil society organizations in the region, non-governmental organizations and the region and urged them to contribute to the opportunities of children and young people.
Mindful of the growing recognition of all forms of human rights and fundamental freedoms in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
United Nations Commission on International Research of the International Research Group
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and resolution 577 of 19 November 2002, in which the General Assembly condemned the condemnation of terrorist acts of terrorism, which was condemned by the General Assembly in the last resolution, and also condemned the terrorist acts of terrorism, and the call of the Security Council, in its resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, and also condemned the attacks on international cooperation against terrorism, and recalling its resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict situations have become a key element of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
In the decision of the Secretary-General, the proposed proposal for the Secretary-General was allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity on the sustainable capacity of biotechnology technologies.
New biotechnology could be complemented by the new technical assistance to improve the effectiveness of these techniques.
It is important that the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be resolved in the future visit.
It is possible that all nuclear-weapon States in all the nuclear-weapon States have led to the eventual elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the social dimension requires all refugees, groups and communities themselves to act in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review a regular strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the Convention, and to promote the programme of work of the country in the context of a “special” agreement”.
However, it does not apply to a reasonable reason that a person who is a threat to security is a threat to a threat to a threat to security or a serious offence of serious crimes.
Encourages parents and the legal guardians to ensure that the education of children is to ensure the education of children;
In many parts of the world, a number of ethnic and religious violence against many ethnic and religious violence have been killed in many parts of the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslavia and Asia and South America.
S-19/2, Further implementation of Agenda 21
Nepal health services are based on integrated health and medical treatment systems.
In addition, a new action in health services is also being taken.
For example, the high number of female women, as a result of the policy, is not only less than 2.4.2 per cent).
The number of schools and students at all levels have steadily increased (see table 5).
In the secondary school, the net enrolment rate of girls in the age of 13 to 13 years is reduced to 26 per cent in the age of the age, with a view to more than 3 per cent of the age of the age group.
Against the Gender Equality Programme, Women, Children and Social Care, 2001: Gender-economic services in the Public Civil Service and the Public Administration of Employment Services, K.E.
Regrettably, after the occupation of occupation, bloodshed and the international legitimacy of international legitimacy, Israel remains still aware of the fact that peace will depend on the implementation of the Security Council resolutions on the Security Council and the Security Council resolutions on the same general issues of the Security Council, the Security Council and the Security Council, which had been held in the past resolution, remains not the subject of Israel.
We would not be able to adjust our policies on the threat.
The United Nations aims to support the stability, democracy and reconstruction efforts of Iraq, and I also commend the United Nations staff and the United Nations staff.
The United Nations should seize the opportunity to seize this opportunity, rather than the use of a large or fragmented campaign, rather than a large military regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all members of the Authority to provide contributions to the Voluntary Trust Fund in all other areas.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the Secretary-General's report (A/57/184) and the report of the Secretary-General, in spite of the fact that they have taken a clear reminder of the measures taken by States, and that these measures are not sufficient to ensure that the number of new cases are not sufficient.
A progress report on the progress report of the Committee on Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Trade in Goods (E/CN.3/2004/11);
In accordance with rule 93 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee will have before it the draft agenda for its forty-third session and to submit the list of documents for its consideration.
This initiative is a model model for other countries of the world, which should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/30)
In his written and oral note, the representative of Burundi stated that there had been a massive war in the country since 1993 since 1993 to the situation of a vicious social and economic situation in the country, in Burundi, to pay the arrears of the United Nations.
In written and oral statements, the Central African Republic stated that its serious economic and social problems were due to the issue of security issues in recent internal conflicts and instability.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution would not be required.
A innovative approach to TCDC and microfinance (including the resources of donors and other sources of funds, triangular arrangements)
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(e) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.11]:
(a) To develop national legislation, policies and action plans, and to strengthen and strengthen national governmental bodies, including the appointment of special governmental bodies, as appropriate, to promote the rights of the child;
See resolution 55/2.
It was stated that, in order to avoid a more visible issue of electronic commerce, no important objective was made on the draft resolution.
The Working Group took note of the proposed recommendations of the draft articles and agreed to be considered in the next phase.
As at today, the private sector and the private sector fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) in the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which is to deepen the benefits and practices of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Angola continues to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as development projects, to enhance the ability of African countries to respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of the evaluation and monitoring of monitoring and monitoring systems, CPC has developed the evaluation of the programme performance assessment, ensuring that the Organization's role in the right direction will be achieved and strengthened the role of Member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress, and that it is not a peaceful settlement of the peaceful settlement and the withdrawal of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone Police
The aim of the plan is to be followed by several occasions, carefully and comprehensive and comprehensive.
This would allow the opportunity to re-establish the commercial environment, and these restrictions have a negative impact on investors.
Turks and Caicos Islands, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the Government of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of Côte d'Ivoire for his efforts to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire for peace in Africa and to make every effort to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire in Côte d'Ivoire and to make every effort to make them to the United Nations.
We join the United Nations Convention on terrorism and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Terrorism.
The Kosovo Council adopted the law on 13 March.
(g) conscientious objection to conscientious objection - 404
Noting that progress has been made despite progress in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation of General Assembly resolution 56/66 of the General Assembly, and invites States, the United Nations system and other international and regional organizations, as well as other international and regional organizations, to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session in the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, in order to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, to submit a interim report to the sixtieth session of the Commission and to provide all replies to all of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cooperate with relevant Member States, intergovernmental organizations, intergovernmental organizations and other relevant Member States, intergovernmental organizations and the Economic and Social Council, in order to complete a consultative meeting to the Economic and Social Council, in order to complete a meeting on the basic principles and principles of the right to compensation for the right to reparation, and, in particular, to review the views of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Working Group, as well as to the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Ad Hoc Meeting on the right to reparation, and to consider, in particular, the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Working Group, as well as the adoption of the guidelines on the principles and guidelines of the expert;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by the world in the area of democratic society in the world, in which they are able to achieve the full enjoyment of civil rights, economic, social and cultural rights,
Takes note with appreciation of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and human displaced persons (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to take a workshop to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session, in accordance with paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76 of its resolution 2002/76 of the Commission, in which the United Nations Development Programme, at its sixty-first session, organized a seminar on the practical methods and activities of the United Nations Development Programme at its sixty-first session, in order to explore the practical methods and activities of the effective management of human rights in the country at the national level;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the development of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development and respect to cultural diversity, as well as the importance of sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this matter at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expresses its satisfaction with the people of Somalia, despite the difficulties faced in the north of Somalia, and in the absence of a equitable and stable service,
2003.12 Prevention of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons and abuse
Legislative law: Commission on Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002 and 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003, 2003 2003 and 2003/44 of 2003.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the report of the Commission on its work.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67)
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/642)
Methods of work of the Committee (decision decision 2003/101)
We are committed to efforts to minimize the current marginalization of the current marginalization and the global economy in the global economy.
The cost of emergency medical costs in the current methodology would be retained.
Bearing in mind that the Declaration adopted by the Summit on the World Food Programme in Rome, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects that there will be some savings in this period.
Nevertheless, this is a great opportunity to establish a comprehensive issue of sustainability in the World Summit at the World Summit in the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as the new development of international cooperation and international cooperation for financing for development in Mexico.
Invites donors, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise in the implementation of its existing resources, including the United Nations Environment Programme;
It is also recognized that the programme of implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels require greater transparency and predictability for financial and technical support.
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Reaffirming the importance of the World Conference on Human Rights to the international community to make every effort to reduce the debt burden of developing countries in order to reduce the debt burden of the developing countries, in order to achieve a comprehensive realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of those peoples,
Recognizing also that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural and cultural characteristics of the enjoyment of cultural diversity in the context of globalization is a key element of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a annual report to the General Assembly at its next annual report to the General Assembly on its activities under its terms of competence;
Explanate: Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs, ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ECLAC; ESCAP; Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime;
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report of the Secretary-General on Article 6 of the Final Document of the 2000 Review document is a important confidence-building measure in the overall United Nations system.
On the issue of Palestine refugees, the entire international community is the responsibility of the entire international community, but the UNRWA should continue to continue to provide services until their status.
- The words “Article 5.5” read “5.5.5”
On 26 to 28 March 2003, the twentieth anniversary of the International Court of War, held on 26 to 28 March 2003, was acquitted, and, in addition, to maintain a life of the accused of the accused, and to maintain a total of six months of the six months.
The provisions of labour legislation are protected by the labour legislation.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit the secretariat of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties and to the Conference of the Parties;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and commentaries adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to increase the number of United Nations field offices and OHCHR offices in the field of human rights, and to use the unique status of the ground and to improve information related to the situation of missing disappearance.
During the reporting period, the Working Group was unable to respond to the outstanding cases of outstanding cases in its working methods.
It was alleged that cases of disappearance and the broad powers of the security forces of the Security Council, particularly in accordance with the Act of the Security Act and the Act of the Public Act Act and the Act of the Public Security Act, was denied a special guarantee of the other normal guarantees in the penal law.
The Bureau will take the present future to discuss this matter in the near future to address the best programme of action on the issue.
On the basis of the following assumptions, the subprogramme will be expected to achieve its goals and expected accomplishments: all members and associate members of all members and associate members to implement their recommendations to monitor the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and provide extrabudgetary resources for the implementation of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Declaration.
(vi) Review of high-level intergovernmental meetings on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Asia and the Pacific;
With respect to inheritance, marriage and funding.
Human displaced persons
Reaffirming that all States have a obligation to protect and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, liberty and security of the person, and reaffirms their commitment to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, in particular the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification of the European Charter of the European Social Charter in November 2000, and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that the structural reform of the agricultural sector in the area of agriculture is particularly serious in this regard.
With respect to the rights of teachers in international labour standards, there will be no genuine partnership between Governments and Governments to promote the goal of achieving education.
Any action taken under the jurisdiction of the State party should not be given to the ability of another State to achieve the realization of the right to water.
Under the objective of this objective, the Committee has adopted general comment No. 12 of 1998 on the right to adequate food, and that the views of the Secretary-General should be established as a reference to the establishment of a international code of conduct for the right to adequate food.
Many of these mandates have been established by human rights and development, including those include education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty.
In collaboration with the United Nations Children's Programme of Action, the human rights of the human rights of the Human Rights Council was held.
(d) A symposium on the International Training Division in New York, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile on the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To observe impunity against impunity and ensure the perpetrators of human rights violations and international humanitarian law;
Ms. Navanan (Armenia) said that children's issues are core in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to prevent the spread of the epidemic, especially in the least developed countries and LDCs, to prevent the impact of the epidemic and to reduce the adverse impact of the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and to provide care to the people of HIV/AIDS;
(b) Strengthening cooperation with Member States and the United Nations programmes, funds and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations and requests requests to assist in the implementation of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly;
Cuba's lack of progress on the lack of progress in the implementation of the provisions of the provisions of this article has been expressed by Cuba, which is the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
4th Fakra, “Perer G-Ferer International Trade Institute for Trade”, the World Bank, pp. 14-20-20), p. 23.
In favour:
As part of the European Union, the United Kingdom has voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1 entitled “Comprehensive settlement of the Palestinian question”.
The Committee notes that, in the course of the International Space Exchange, held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004 in Santiago, the Commission on Outer Space and the Office for Outer Space Affairs had been held in Santiago and the Office for Outer Space Affairs and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The seminar discussed the role of regional focal points and national coordinating institutions, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national legislation and legislation, national laws and legislation, the export control process and the control of the export control system and the United Nations society.
Article 29 of the Penal Code of Guatemala reads as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received by the information indicated that there is a broad recognition of the recognition of the human rights violations, war crimes and genocide against humanity.
In the light of the definition of the above definition, the number of women who had been employed in Spain were 155,000, in which 68 per cent of women were women and almost 32 per cent.
Source: BBB, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the percentage of the tax tax, which is the percentage of the salary salary for the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost.
It is also destroyed that some of the hectares of cannabis cultivation had been destroyed.
There will be a focus on the participation of women and girls, including young and four women's activities and activities in the context of the United Nations Declaration on the Peace and Social Rights of the United Nations, in the context of the United Nations Declaration on the Peace and Development of the United Nations, and the promotion and implementation of the United Nations Declaration on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, and to promote the implementation and implementation of international normative instruments.
If it is appropriate, they would only be able to engage in domestic law, in order to continue to seek their interests or remedies.
“It is true that a State is not making a decision on the right of the territory of the Territories to the exercise of their territory.
Ibid., p. 455, paras.
See also the case of personal names in the Barcelona Traction of the Barcelona Traction of the Barcelona Traction (Views v. 1984, p. 596.
With regard to any offence applicable to this article, the State party shall accelerate the process of order to accelerate extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements of the relevant evidence.
Such agreements or arrangements and arrangements should be fully respected to fully implement the principle of equality of sovereign sovereignty and to ensure that such agreements or arrangements should be strictly complied with.
Article 8
See the Proliferation Initiative in the developing countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the Working Group of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Ad Hoc Working Group during its fourth session, which was considered by the Ad Hoc Working Group, is not required to include the definition of the “International Civil Service” as a clear explanation of interpretation.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory wording.
The concept of the concept in this regard is also being discussed.
During the draft reading of the second reading of the second reading of the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no views were made on this article.
At the same time, it is necessary to retain the full national space space to achieve development goals.
Report of the Working Group on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting, submitted by the Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting.
Report of the Division for Investment, Technology and Development (E/DCP/D/81)
Issues relating to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly mainly to the decrease of limited travel costs, and there is no training for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to travel the Mission's travel to the Mission, as the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has been able to address administrative and technical issues, to reduce the number of technical meetings in 2004.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, the Committee has not requested that the Committee had not been requested to request his obligations under article 3 of the Convention or any other provisions under article 3 of the Convention, and that it was not requested to decide whether he had not been requested to decide by the Government of Egypt.
(b) The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups, held in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003, and the establishment of the Interim Interim Interim Administration, held in Ituri from 4 to 14 March 2003,
(e) To identify the knowledge management and human resources of a new competitive pricing system.
As a result, it is clear that the illicit trade trade of the illicit trade of the illicit trade of the armed conflict in many countries, as opposed to some countries of States, have caused the effects and delays of the armed conflict, and to undermine the efforts of States affected by their affected countries to achieve peace and security.
Office of the Executive Board of the Ministry of Legal Affairs of the Ministry of Legal Affairs, 1999-2006.
The Ministry of Education for Education and Electoral Affairs in 1994 was chaired by the Council.
• Act No.
The purpose of the Government is to maintain and develop the land and water resources in their land and water resources.
In the second year, it was announced that a anti-trafficking campaign was launched.
“Implementation of the objectives of the 2004-2005 year:
With regard to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty Treaty Convention (No. 195) and the International Convention on Mutual Matters on Mutual Matters in Europe (No. 1959) was signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions may be found in a number of ways in language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the exchange of progress, obstacles and challenges on the implementation of the recommendations of the United Nations and civil society, will also be made in the context of the Bonn Agreement on financial sanctions and the process of the United Nations Convention on the Limitation of Goods and the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure in Berlin.
As we celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some respects.
Mr. N. K. Mr. Nady (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): At the five five years, the General Assembly, in the past five years, remain in isolation, and that the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was adopted by the General Assembly in the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In the context of the broader context, paragraphs 15 to 159 of the Programme of Action of the Durban Programme of Action did not mention the experience of individuals who have been subjected to racist persecution and their own development, and also referred to the development of their own development, and that the community's development of the phenomenon of racism, as well as the need for the international community to explore the work of the community, and that the international community has not been able to explore their own work, as well as the need for the international community to work in a number of areas, as well as to the international community.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Government informed the release of Ms. Mazah Zahah, on 4 September 2003.
It was also also established that the Human Rights Council is responsible for the responsible violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the Secretary-General's appointment of the African Union, who is in the Great Lakes region.
The international community therefore supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has repeatedly reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all areas of peace and development.
We wish to take many initiatives.
The Refugee Commissioner stressed that the relationship between asylum and migration should continue to continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations, and briefly briefly the need to strengthen such complementarity, and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen cooperation with NGOs.
In November 2001, Mr. Kouchner wrote to the Secretary-General, Mr. Klein, for direct consultations.
In addition, in the light of the presentation of Mr. Klein, it would be suggested that the following lines would not only be made to ensure that the Treaty's Treaty remains valid and in the form of appropriate details of the Treaty, and that the new patterns of the law in the Federal Republic of Cyprus would be applied to the Federal Republic of Cyprus, which would also apply to the national integrity, territorial integrity and the constitutional order, which also include the territorial integrity, territorial integrity and constitutional order.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on the impact of globalization and hoped that the issue of development assistance in Canada would be considered by Canada, and hoped that Canada support research in this area.
Convention on the Elimination of Nuclear Operations.
FCCC/SBSTA(7)/2/Add.1
(c) In the light of the use of a chemical mixture, the use of a mixture of the use of explosive explosive devices at least20 hours, in the case of the pilot phase, should be carried out in the light of the use of the three space-based research;
Effective effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which aims at all levels of achievement, to achieve the goal of achieving the goal of achieving overall goals.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the grave escalation of Israel's actions, which could lead to the situation in the region, which would lead to the final collapse of the peace process.
The Ambassador of the Ambassador of the Russian Federation requested further clarification.
Following the debate on the debate held in March 2000 and October 2002, a formal decision of the Republic of Georgia and Abkhazia in Georgia was amended by the Constitution.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reiterated its support to the efforts of the United Nations in its efforts to self-determination in accordance with resolutions 5858 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was presented by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur in his full cooperation with the Special Rapporteur and to provide a positive response to the Special Rapporteur in order to enable him to fulfil their responsibilities in this regard, in this regard, to welcome the efforts of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups have steadily completed the design of the programming cycle, and streamlining coordination and coordination processes, in many countries in many countries, in many developing countries, to develop and coordinate the work of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the establishment of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDG) to achieve the development of the development goals.
Voluntary contributions have been made to provide voluntary contributions in accordance with the specific operational, mandate and scope of organizations.
• Percentage of expenditure in the central government expenditure in category category and source of expenditure
In addition, it is essential to promote the dissemination of the principles of the Principles, such as the principles of the principles of the Principles, which has been prepared by international agencies and non-governmental organizations in Indonesia, as a result of the broad dissemination of the population.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They indicate the need to reduce the adverse effects of natural disasters at the national and international levels to mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan hoped that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office for Training and Coordination should further improve ways, such as the Consolidated Appeals Process, more effectively to address the crisis of the tragedy.
With regard to the health and health of people living in the lives of the population, there is a lack of uncertainty in that regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council for this request.
However, in the context of the internal internal situation in Burundi, the release of the five days was suspended.
They are also victims of violence against the United Nations forces and armed rebel groups committed to large violence.
This is a new phenomenon, indicating that there is a need for the help of the judicial system to overcome the fear of them.
(a) The preparation of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of a analysis of the physical, systematic and mental research of the natural and mental origin and/or the laboratory;
We congratulate the United Nations Information Institute for Information in the United Nations Information Institute for Information for the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Foundation, and urges the Fund to organize the activities of the United Nations Headquarters at Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund during the United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA organized the Group's Group to organize a Global Campaign for Youth Society in 24 countries in 24 countries to identify and prepare a global advocacy initiative, and a global youth initiative to prevent HIV infection.
On the financial basis of the strategic plan, she commended the Government of Denmark to develop the proposed programme of resources for the development of financial resources (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
At its 3th plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group took note of the item.
It was reminded that the Working Group was informed that the Working Group should be considered at the current session of the Commission, but it was not necessary to take a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting, the Secretary-General announced that the Secretary-General had been informed to inform the Secretariat in the English, French and Spanish text, as a whole of the United Nations Conference, to be circulated to the Secretary-General at the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, as well as the text of the final text of the Convention.
Further information is also available to the Web site: p.unctad.org, “the “no””).
In its consideration of its consideration, the Committee agreed that, as well as good management, the following criteria should be adopted.
The representative of Costa Rica also thanked the organization of the training organization.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 11)
No documents were made under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the Conference.
A briefing on the protection and protection of human rights.
This model would confirm that the Department of Public Information, as well as the Department of the United Nations system, are responsible to provide information with the United Nations system, as well as the Department of Public Information, with close collaboration with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Office on Public Information
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The seminar held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 discussed the activities of money-laundering in the area of money-laundering in the West African and Monetary States in the area of money-laundering.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, on the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and the relevant resolutions and resolutions of the United Nations on the dissemination of information on decolonization, especially on 10 December 2001,
Considers that efforts must be made to ensure that the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization is widely widely disseminated and special attention should be given to the right to self-determination of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. E.a (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had been used by the Special Rapporteur on the first topic of the first instalment of the first instalment, which had been used by the Special Rapporteur, and she asked whether the Special Rapporteur did not have a number of gender and the Special Rapporteur's Special Rapporteur on the grounds of a sexual orientation.
Accordingly, if a member of the member States would be provided to the interpretation of the language or language of the language, the delegation would be responsible for the relevant costs.
WFP provided the provision of basic English knowledge, and UNFPA, and UNFPA are required to provide the requirements of all professionals.
The Department of Public Information Information and Services Services and Services Services is the original version of the new languages of the field offices.
Arabic: Arabic; Chinese; English: French; French: French; English; India; India; Germany; Germany; Germany; Germany; Spain; Russian Federation; Russian Federation;
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, section IV, paragraph 6
c Includes salaries, travel and subsistence allowance, travel and daily subsistence costs for services services.
(b) Approves the proposed strategic framework for the biennium 2006-2007 (see document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.74) for the proposed strategic plan, including in the preparation of a regular programme budget programme, including the preparation of a regular programme budget programme for the Executive Board.
The United Nations Office on Human Rights
It also recommends that the State party strengthen effective measures to coordinate and promote family and professional responsibilities and to promote the responsibility of men and men.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of inequalities and women's access to market labour in the labour market, which are limited to income and wages in agricultural sector and informal sectors.
She indicated that a number of major actions aimed at combating the spread of this pandemic, including the publication and enactment of anti-AIDS and HIV-AIDS legislation, and the development of the HIV/AIDS programme for HIV/AIDS and control programmes.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee commends the Government of the Government to eliminate the phenomenon of discrimination against indigenous women in order to promote equal equality of women, including the revised revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but also seriously concerned that women's participation in all aspects of life are still systematically discriminatory.
However, the progress made to prevent women's abuse and violence is difficult.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that sexual violence against women, justice and public and public and public justice are provided to the State party.
The Committee expresses concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in the next report.
It was recognized that family responsibility are an integral part of a comprehensive approach to social development.
Act No. 1789 Coll of the Act on the import of arms and military materiel, as amended, was adopted by the Act No. 179 Coll.
These general principles are contained in annex I to the General Assembly, entitled “Report of the General Assembly, which is part of the present report.
With respect to paragraphs 27 to 274, 282 and 2932 invoices, the invoices provided invoices and the shipment of the goods, but not provided the certificate.
In the case of the PACa, the net depreciation rate of the equipment and equipment of the equipment and equipment is to be measured by the value of the value of the value of the value.
(b) The SAC's Project Project Project (No.
This claim refers to the costs of the loss of the claimant and their families, including travel and communication fees.
Accordingly, the Panel finds that, as a result of contract losses, indirect losses, loss of property, loss of tangible property, loss of loss, other losses, other losses and interest, the Panel finds that the total amount of USD 233,233.
If the claim has failed to provide such specific or non-payment claims, the claimant is concerned that the claimant's claim is required to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (para.
As a result, the preparation of the assurance of assurance is to provide a security arrangement for the purpose of the right to guarantee the holder.
In this regard, Cambodia will make every effort to ensure that poverty alleviation remains the primary priority.
Mr. Pjj (Botswana) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of national development strategies in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the substantive session of the substantive session provides valuable guidance for developing countries in the development of the development of rural development, which provided a detailed opportunity to improve the opportunities for development of operational activities for development.
(See http://www.net.int/index/index.htm/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary activities in any way, regardless of their specific legitimacy in the form of the right to peace, security, security and the self-determination of the peoples of the peoples of the country, and the right to self-determination of peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
It is also possible to extend a effective period to 31 December 2005.
We will continue to work on the recommendations contained in the report of the Security Council.
Finally, the responses to human rights violations and the response to those responsible for those responsible is to participate in the work of the Committee and to the Committee's activities.
We are confident that the appointment of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General for Iraq will help this.
Let us address specific issues in the cluster cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections is likely to be a result of the existence of the political presence of the Government through the use of force.
During the previous, the development of UNIFEM in the area of development and business operations in the past, UNIFEM has increased considerably.
The strategic results framework contained below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programming, partnership, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL focused on the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the Government of the RUF, it is difficult that the Government of the Republic of Sierra Leone had to preserve the territorial integrity of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission Mission in Liberia has supported the prohibition of Liberia in Liberia in Liberia in Liberia, in the context of Liberia.
As a result, he has granted a temporary return to Côte d'Ivoire in order to provide a passport to the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and institutions should support the implementation of the United Nations standards and norms for crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly seems to be improved in this area, but it is clear that it had been committed to all terrorist acts.
Ms.org (Morocco) said that despite the right to work in the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work in the economic, social and lack of political life was difficult.
At the end of the life period, the quality of alpha-HCH is not accurate in the light of the high quality rate, and the success of the success rate of 90.9 per cent, which would mean the need to make greater loss of life.
All parties must apply to these measures.
The overall trend on the market market in the geostationary orbit, and satellite operators will be able to enter into the atmosphere of the geostationary orbit in the region.
Chapter X
In UNCTAD's cooperation, cooperation with the Department, as well as the development of technical cooperation and capacity-building in UNCTAD's expertise.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional offices or unit, and should be established by the United Nations and the United Nations, in particular the regional offices or offices, in particular the regional offices and resident coordinators.
In the light of the foregoing, the total cost for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ 31.8 per cent.
As a result, the number of user users of the official system will be rising.
All meetings are held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention requires the progress made by States parties to the impact and enjoyment of the rights of the Parties and to report on any possible impact and difficulties on the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, the delays was still very serious in the commission of the Commission.
It is clear to clearly clarify the national policy of the military commanders in the area of the military command of the region, and that the use of excessive use of force should be investigated by a independent body.
c The Committee's thirty-sixth session did not consider the situation of political and political rights in Suriname and the representatives of the delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations disaster response to disaster response coordinated humanitarian relief in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries have taken policy policies to create the development of a child centre and aims to ensure the necessary environmental environment to achieve poverty.
Madagascar has created a network of food, production, water and vegetables.
With regard to the question mentioned in Agenda 21, the issue of safe water, adequate environmental and cleaner energy services, such as the provision of safe water, modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to complete its common border demarcation.
In particular, the Special Representative of Colombia expressed concern about the tragic conflicts of Colombia, which affects African descent and indigenous communities, and participants called for the need to address the international and national organizations of the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group to clarify policy options, a independent study has been made to the Working Group at its ninth session (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.1).
I would also like to extend my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Uganda, Uganda, Ambassador Y Ki-moon, for his excellent work on the work of his President and the excellent guidance for our work.
One important element of the reform reform is to reduce our statements and to be distributed to the country.
Mr. M.org (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join the previous delegations, I would like to express my delegation's appreciation to the Chairman of the First Committee on Disarmament and the International Security Council for the First Committee.
Recalling the interim nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit a analytical report on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at its next session on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and the relevant international standards and instruments, and to identify the role of the Working Group, in order to assist the Working Group to prepare the following international standards;
Each State Party shall take into account the seriousness of the international legal system in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national legal system, taking into account the seriousness of a procedure in order to establish a procedure in accordance with the procedure of the Court or any appropriate means, in accordance with its domestic law, in accordance with its domestic law, in accordance with the provisions of the State's law;
If such agreements or arrangements may be agreed, such a joint investigation was agreed on a case basis.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States have changed.
The SBSTA requested the Secretary-General to submit a intersessional consultation with the Secretariat at its twelfth session on the basis of the first report of the SBSTA on the Global Climate Observing System on the Global Climate Observing System.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, the principle of the promotion and protection of fundamental rights and people remains a sacred responsibility.
It requires the parties and the international community to help them.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework on mine clearance, it is important that the instruments of unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to the efforts of a post-conflict conflict.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not been implemented by the military peacekeeping forces, marking or mine action.
My country will continue to support the international instruments of the United Nations, in the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, to continue to support the binding international instruments of explosive ordnance or landmines.
unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “The United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects” (A/C.1/59/L.46/Rev.1), which was presented by the representative of France on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's concerns on small arms policies and the level of national-level practices are identified to identify the importance of regional practices on the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4 of the operative paragraph, we also have a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate the collective efforts of the United Nations system in the development of human resources development;
The agreement has been signed by the partners of the United Nations Children's Fund on Women's Education, which has been signed by various stakeholders, the participation of non-governmental organizations, participation and other partners, such as national professionals, non-governmental organizations, national organizations, the Philippines, the Philippines and Senegal, with a view to establishing a national commission of action in the Latin Faso and the Caribbean.
Subsequently, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the aforementioned resolution, was established by the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the aforementioned resolution, as a member of the Council of the subsidiary bodies of the Council.
We will like to abandon our our peoples, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is awaiting a multidimensional reflection.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
Negative security assurances is the non-nuclear-weapon States to guarantee the use of or use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts have not been functioning, most the most basic facilities are damaged or damaged.
There is also training for the provision of integrated logistics concepts for the United Nations.
I would like to commend all the leaders of all leaders to make valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security.
In the absence of the registration of a permanent residence certificate for the date of the elections, the person is entitled to vote in the Territory's administration of residence in the territory.
Similarly, women are studying special education courses and discrimination on gender constraints, in particular those of the special education curriculum, and to provide access to the social and social development of the special needs of the special needs of the special needs of the child.
The current social security system is based on the fact that social workers are not a prerequisite for social security.
In accordance with the “social security” Act, there is still over 12 months in the past 12 months of the Republic of Latvia, but the total number of persons who are not more than 60 months of their personal identity (individual, non-citizens, non-citizens, nationality and stateless persons) are the right of the State to the social insurance insurance of the country.
At the same time, Latvia's families for the families of the child born by 1 January 1999 to the family of the child of 1 January 1999 is the first marriage of 25 years of 25 years, in the case of 25 years, or more than 20 per cent, or more than 20 per cent of the total or more than 20 years.
Disarmament continues to be key to the peace process in the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan has also funded the United Nations mission-finding mission in the past year.
The application of the general rules of law, which involves the legitimate nature of the law of the law of the treaty, is generally applicable to the recognition of the behaviour of the law, particularly in recognition of the State.
In particular, the question is whether the State party may consider unilateral change, suspension or withdrawal.
Parties referred to the various gaps and difficulties related to the implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation mitigation measures.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve the procurement measures of the United Nations system in its respective mandates, in particular through streamlining the registration of vendors registered by the United Nations system, in particular through the use of the Internet registration process, inter alia, to use the Internet and the Internet;
I will like to make this issue at a later time.
Therefore, my delegation would like to reiterate once again once again the urgent call of the Secretary-General to make the best use of its positive impact.
Only the political transition process in the Great Lakes region, in the Great Lakes region, has made progress in the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
However, any matter would not prevent the new Great Lakes of the Great Lakes region to assist other countries in Uganda and Tanzania, and their interests are closely linked to the interests of the Great Lakes region.
We note that progress has been made in addressing the issue of the draft resolution on this issue.
In the context of health and sustainable development, the Plan called for developing countries to provide affordable energy sources to rural communities, especially in the context of reducing the production of new fuel sources, and to create the use of traditional fuel sources, since which the impact of the impact of women and children.
The Government and other stakeholders ensure the promotion of rural women's rights in the promotion and reform process of rural women, including land, the heritage and the benefits of financial services and benefits.
Several Member States provided additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addresses rural women's important role in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms the international cooperation between the international cooperation and international cooperation in combating terrorism, in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and other international conventions;
In the auspices of Germany, this debate will further follow-up in the Bonn process in Bonn, focusing on the design and implementation of the arms embargo and the design and implementation of sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS expects that this visit will be able to meet the right of all States to fulfil their obligations, thereby to fully implement the actions of the full exercise of self-government.
Mr. Zhang (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this issue in this regard, as well as a open meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, as well as the participation of the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will continue to provide assistance to those efforts.
The devastating consequences of the devastating effects of the major small island countries in Côte d'Ivoire, which had resulted in the destruction of economic damage in Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the transition group is to provide additional contributions to the Palestinian people to provide assistance to the Bougainville people, which was provided by the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The person!
The United Nations plays a role in the international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have developed a number of informal, educational and distance education programmes.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address the issue of the quality of the workload of the Secretary-General in order to ensure the quality of translation of all official languages in all official languages.
He responded to a number of specific issues, which was working on the issue of the issue of human displaced persons to deal with the procedures and ratification process.
Procedural, institutional, administrative and related matters
Israel has repeatedly called upon the United Nations and the international community to call on the cessation of violations and aggression against the aggression and acts of aggression, and to ignore the risks and consequences of the Lebanese territory, and that these actions continue to be carried out in many cases, in many cases, including intimidation and attacks in Lebanon.
Palau
His Excellency
In this regard, the rules of international trade regimes should take into account their negative impact on the policy on poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is closely with the United Nations country team to develop new development assistance assistance to the United Nations country team and to enhance the monitoring and monitoring of the socio-economic commitments enshrined in the implementation of the peace agreement.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to transnational organized crime, and the authorities of Algeria must redouble its efforts to implement strict controls to combat fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000) and 1390 (2002), the relevant groups of Myanmar should be included in the list of activities and other groups associated with Al-Qaida and the Taliban.
It is gratifying to note that, in this regard, some recommendations have been made in this regard, in particular with regard to the assistance of aid funds and the development mechanism, have been adopted by others.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March 2001 and April 2001, the tourism organizations held a subregional conference in March 2001 to exchange experiences, consideration of issues, national, regional and international cooperation, and identify future challenges.
Almost 1,000 countries participated in this meeting, the main objective of the Conference is the main objective of the Conference's participation in the area of marine tourism, especially those who have not yet been able to participate in the regional preparatory meetings, and the views of the regional preparatory meetings.
Annan
Recommends to the following decision:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements to be addressed in different sub-items may reflect relevance and cross-cutting issues.
The United Nations Office for Somalia has been effective and strategic funding for the effective mobilization of resources at the country level, with a view to further development in a more stable conditions.
As a result of the establishment of the strategic resource reserve reserve for the new mission of the new mission, this area has been achieved.
The following information:
The view was that the legal law should be subject to the issue of insolvency proceedings, which should be included in the draft Guide, which should contain information on these issues and provide assistance and guidance to the institutions and other users.
Termination of candidates
However, his delegation believed that the decision on reservations and deletion of the footnotes should be addressed in chapter IV.
This is the draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments made by the Secretary-General in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Contributions should be encouraged to Member States.
Yemen
Belize
At the outset of the President of the Commission, the President of the Committee expressed the invitation of the State to the trust and for his predecessor, Mr. M.R. Mr. Al-Eboutou and the members of the Bureau.
The Conference of the Parties will be able to consider the performance of these Parties to reduce and reduce emissions.
Review of commitments and the implementation of other provisions of the Convention (agenda item 4)
Given the importance of the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development in the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it was stressed that the role of the Economic and Social Council in the context of the system and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the context of the United Nations conferences and summits.
These incidents are effectively committed to the eradication of poverty eradication, promoting development and ensuring the consolidation of peace, security and impartiality.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Millennium Partnership for Africa's Development in the New Partnership for Africa's Development in the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development, on 30 September 2002, in the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development in the 1990s and the development of the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Expresses its appreciation to the efforts undertaken at the regional level, in the context of the activities of the United Nations system on the activities of the United Nations system, in order to strengthen the activities of the United Nations system, in this regard, to strengthen the process to promote coherence among the United Nations system;
If this amount amount to the amount of this amount, the exchange rate of exchange rates in the present part of the United Nations publication of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in the case of the United Nations Statistics Commission, in the case of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in the present part of the United Nations publication.
Facts and contentions
In particular, the amount of USD 67,377,378,6,6,7,78,8,78,8,78,8,78,8,78,7,74,374,374.
In addition, the Panel finds that the Panel's invasion and occupation of Kuwait on the basis of the loss of loss of loss for the loss of Kuwait (Iraq.e. the date of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait)
In addition, the Office of Internal Oversight Services has also requested the cost of the payment of the payment of payments or commitment to third parties after the contract of USD BBB.
(6) In paragraph 2 of the draft articles, the draft articles had been referred to in the draft articles of the draft articles, which did not deal with some issues.
(c) Special Rapporteur's summary
(c) To develop the model model, taking into account the number of activities that have previously been discussed on the topic, and the Committee may wish to consider the following matters:
(12) The environment and the environment of the environment and the loss of profits and tourism (see para. 59 above) (c) and (c) (para.
Therefore, the report will focus on results results or results, avoiding the attitude taken by the negotiating process or the subsequent steps taken in the negotiations.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition of the effectiveness of recognition should depend on specific recognition.
Methods of work
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the genuine intention of the objecting State, rather than the position of the reserving State in accordance with the provisions of the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the provisions of the treaty or other agreements, the withdrawal of the withdrawal of the State or organization of the State or the organization may only begin if a State or a contracting organization had received a reservation.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, the Study Group agreed that the Committee should not consider the establishment and relationship of international judicial institutions.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 240-266.
For this doctrine, see I.H.I.I.I.I.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.C.J.C.C.J.J.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.
The Committee considered the sixth report of the Sixth Committee at its thirty-sixth session, from 7 to 11 July 2003, 277, 277, 277, 2773 and 274.
There was also a number of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension, lifting of the problem, which could be amended, suspension or unilateral acts of unilateral acts, as such as those of them.
Some of them have been detained in a number of years, in the world, in the world, in the world's war.
However, some of the officials appear to be able to resume these services and explore the possibility of the possibility of creating a common service for recruitment and health care (para.
The United Nations has a broad experience on the management and operation of premises and conference services, which could be available to the International Centre for the Information of the VIC.
On 7 December 1983 A/C.5/387.
However, the United Nations can become more creative, forward-looking and more systematic and more systematic, in cooperation with civil society organizations, in order to prevent conflict prevention and sustainable peace.
Expressing note of the regional seminar in the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003 in the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003,
To that end, no action under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this case, the Pongyang Act is in the form of soil in order to share the largest region.
Please provide the list of assets established by the Security Council.
Since 1997, the Caribbean Network, which has enabled a global and marine plant in the global context of the world's production of land and marine plants in the global context, has been measured in the context of a key parameters for the ground of the Earth's environment.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level at the highest level, to assist scientists to provide information in the area of research and applications;
However, the growing number of people increasingly break the silence and more active action against the prohibition and the relationship between the people and the Cuban.
A exception for the establishment of a common law for common law could be carried out in the framework of the framework of the framework.
The ability of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the country in recent years.
See paragraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, eight districts are deployed to four districts (national General Service, 1 UNV).
In other areas, the Mission will consist of 1 Field Service and 1 United Nations Volunteers, two domestic staff.
Issues relating to other items of the Third Committee on the agenda of the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people have a binding agreement on a legally binding agreement: the young parents of the young children are born.
Women often reluctant to report on rape, especially in cases of rape and other awareness of the victim.
Article III 48 - 500
Women's social status and women's social status have been a problem, but it has also been a situation in the labour market.
At the same time, rural households accounted for a low level of expenditure (from low income per cent) per month, indicating that the families of the rural family had a cost of payment.
The International Labour Organization, adopted by the General Assembly in General Assembly resolution No. 13 (191) of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, should be treated in the same way, and that the rights of women and representatives of the workers should be treated as well as the benefits of the representative of the individual, as well as the benefits of individuals and collective interests.
(c) Data on HIV/AIDS and AIDS)
The Centre for the Protection of Persons with Disabilities and the Environment of the Environment and the Environment Centre, Belgrade, Belgrade.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources in recent recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost a just and comprehensive peace in the region, as a result of the situation in the situation of the situation and Israel, as well as a just and comprehensive peace in the region and Israel.
1.2 The provisions of the Act shall be punished to punish money-laundering or funding for terrorist acts and to adjust domestic legislation to meet progress made in the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and enforcement of the national institutions, namely by the Government of the Republic of Chile and Armed Forces (KFOR) in the case of article 2 of the Law.
Mr. Wongen (United States of America): The United States would like to explain his position.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote entitled “The Khmer Rouge Rouge””.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber.
However, there is no justification for a State's responsibility for a State's responsibility for a internationally wrongful act.
Annan
As a result, El Salvador, in the absence of a high level of high-level cases, were submitted to them.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the practice of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom, as well as to the United Kingdom, as a consequence of its arrangements, and that the military measures of the European Union should apply to the law, which should be applicable to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to stress the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in the light of the existing international rules and responsibilities in the area of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation efforts also continue to support support, especially for the rehabilitation and resettlement of ex-combatants and support for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs to be sustained and needed to develop the protection strategy for children.
These issues are a major challenge for young people to create a informal or impartial role.
It was hoped that the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations regional economic and social commissions to promote their efforts to promote the development of indigenous peoples.
On behalf of the Security Council, I welcome the floor.
Report of the Coordinating Committee on Coordination Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, sect. IV, sect.
I wish to thank your members for cooperation and support in this regard.
The impact of the small island developing States on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea and the Inter-Agency Informal Consultative Process on the Law of the Sea, in New York, indicated that the Forum is very useful, in which the General Assembly decided to hold three years.
Although efforts have been made, the tragic problem of the marine environment remains far.
As indicated in the report, there are some specific issues in the area of ocean activity, the international community will continue to continue and coordinate actions at the international, regional and national levels.
This meeting marks a milestone in the life of the world, which is the tenth anniversary of the organization.
In accordance with the Office of the Prosecutor, the Office of Human Rights and the International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such offences.
It is also planned to work on the work of the United Nations security security system for the premises of the premises (S.g. the cars, the warehouse and the construction of the buildings and the construction of public radio systems).
Conclusion
In consultation with the necessary initial consultations, the United Nations should be able to integrate the World Tourism Organization for the agenda of the World Tourism Organization, or in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, in accordance with relevant rules of procedure.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library is working on the United Nations website on human rights, which is available to the United Nations web site, as well as related issues.
The role of national human rights institutions at the national level to ensure that the implementation of international human rights treaties is important, and should encourage them to encourage them to strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who may be used or used to be used or used or used in the possession of such possession, or the form of electronic electronic devices or the form of electronic electronic devices, only a act of a act, is punishable by a act of imprisonment.
Recalling the results of the past decade, it is difficult that all Member States have a opportunity to express their opportunity to express their views on the reform of the reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign sovereignty in the Charter, and also violates the principles of justice and democracy.
However, since some of the members of the Security Council of the Security Council, the Security Council did not act against Israel, which means to encourage Israel.
Please provide information on the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and its associates, as well as the threat of regional and regional threats, as well as the potential possible trends.
As indicated in the current report of the Board, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee emphasizes that the Board's review of the importance of understanding of understanding of understanding, delays, inspection, verification and the availability of resources and personnel.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, employment opportunities for employment opportunities, action plans should be given into account the impact of information and communication for each priority.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) of paragraph 1 of the draft agenda is to emphasize that the State party should not be construed as a result of the obligation of the State party to the international instruments of human rights.
Human rights defenders have been arrested by the human rights defenders or the legal, policy or practice of the human rights and fundamental freedoms, and their own of their own legislation in many countries.
In the country's national communications, the third party has made considerable improvements in the field and policy measures of the information.
They introduced the steps taken to prepare ratification of the Protocol, including necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The next high-level high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September 2003 to be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful to the present letter and its annex to the General Assembly, as well as all members of the Conference of the Conference on Disarmament, as well as all Member States of the Conference.
Expert expert experts on the development of e-commerce
In response to the request provided by the mandate of the mission, the UNCCD secretariat may, as possible, the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agricultural issues relating to land and agriculture, and the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of Agenda 21 and the Secretary-General's report to the Secretary-General and the other relevant reports of the Commission.
(d) In the case of cases, the right to be taken to the pre-trial hearing in other cases.
It had prepared the draft rules of procedure of the Commission, the Panel's Terms of Reference and the special contract agreement of the Council.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to hold substantive discussions on the issues identified in the initial investigation of the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.9).
In developing countries, more than 10 per cent of the HIV infection rate in Uganda, it is still still still possible to reverse the trend of infection rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of UNFPA's Fund was expected to reflect UNFPA's broad support in support of support programmes, and also recognized the importance of mobilizing funding funds and the common responsibility of all members of the Council.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.13, 36-38, 388, 43 and S/22/17, paras. 13, 29, 29, 29, 38, 38 and 50;; see S/1999/25/Add.1, paras.
Fourthly, the military revolution of the military revolution has been a increasingly complex and increasingly visible between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction.
The Office agreed that this timetable was agreed by the Commission.
This time shows that it is clear to establish the return of the Iraqi people, but it should be carried out in the political process of the Government of Iraq.
This may lead to the requirement that there is a need for a number of issues, which would lead to a public requirement for the benefit of the enterprises.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations Secretariat play an important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized and transparent.
If this adjustment approach should be used, the IPCC guidelines should be presented to the IPCC Guide.
The meeting is one of the extraordinary meetings.
We should be done, and I hope that we hope that we can be able to implement the next phase of resolution 1244 (1999) in accordance with the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) and that it is intended to determine the process of the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced draft decision A/C.5/57/L.17 entitled “Strengthening of accountability in the United Nations field management system” (A/C.5/57/L.177).
In principle of the adoption of the Secretary-General's response to the establishment of the United Nations Integrated-Habitat agreement in accordance with the Secretary-General's resolution, the construction of the buildings and buildings of the United Nations will be provided to all the United Nations in accordance with the agreement established by the United Nations.
It must be necessary to verify the credibility of the reporting and social reports to ensure the credibility of the report.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (IDB.27/20)
The State of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland and Slovenia, and Slovenia, and the European Economic and Social Council, endorsed the statement in the European Economic and Social Council.
The Asia-Pacific Network, UNDP, UNDP, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of interregional joint projects aims to enhance the knowledge of regional competition and developing countries in the areas and best practices related to the issues and best practices in the areas of the two areas: (i) strengthening regional competitiveness and diversification; (i) trade facilitation and diversification; (ii) South-sized enterprises in the field of supply chain; and (iii) further use of knowledge management and information technology in the country and at regional and regional levels; (iii) management of knowledge management and information technology.
UNDP has also improved in some areas in some areas of the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be able to meet the work of the United Nations High Commissioner for Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination of the Office of Economic and Social Affairs in order to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of the Human Development Report.
The economic development of Asia in Asia and the supply of supply and supply impacts has resulted in Africa.
Efforts have been made to ensure consistency between the Consultative Process, round tables and the national development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) To assess and develop synergies between the development and development of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006) and the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also been developed in the north-east of the northern country in South-South and North-East Asia, and a programme of emergency humanitarian assistance in the northern country in the north and the Pacific region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Further reaffirms the establishment of the World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly on the follow-up to the special United Nations conferences and summits in the area of economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the major issues, such as the reform of the international financial market and trade conditions, the impact of the environment, global warming and epidemics, migration and the spread of the epidemic, migration and the situation of the epidemic, the fight against extreme poverty, health, water and food, and the need for international cooperation in international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/59/824/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/532/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/546).
The substance of this proposal is to reaffirm that Russia stands ready to inform the end of the launch of the spacecraft and the purpose of the purpose of the purpose of the launch.
In accordance with the establishment of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IEC), the Caribbean Development Bank (UN-Habitat) and the Government of Guyana, the Government of the Caribbean has introduced a number of rural communities focusing on rural rural communities, focusing on the development of rural rural communities and the development of rural areas.
However, the proportion of women who have been paid to the health care of the doctors of the doctor is not a percentage of less than 7 per cent.
It was also noted that the pilot production plant is a more effective and more advanced fuel.
Regional commissions of the United Nations
However, these projects have been expanded to expand their scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling of migrants and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in international migration, the lack of international migration, and the impact of the brain drain and the impact of the countries of origin.
Training courses are also a effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of several terrorist attacks, including on 12 October 2002 in Bali and the most recent attacks in Bali, the latest attacks of the President of Jakarta, held in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with the case, the Security Council established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All parts of the broad coalition in Monterrey are also the high-level segment of the High-level Dialogue, namely Governments, major stakeholders, intergovernmental organizations, civil society and business sector.
Following the information provided by some Member States, a comprehensive review of the scale of income-sharing rates in the period 2006-2007 for the period 2001-2004 and the reduction of gross income rates in the amount of gross income rates in currencies of the United States dollar, and the fact that the Committee was decided to consider the situation of the country, Iraq, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of Korea, Lebanon, the Republic of Korea, the Syrian Arab Republic, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Republic of Korea, Uruguay, Uruguay and Venezuela.
In the light of the Board's decision to determine data on the scale of assessments for the period 2003-2006, the Committee is taking into account the specific ways outlined in paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 55/52.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General on the status of the implementation of the judgement, and, in the context of the submission of the decision on the implementation of the decision, the request for the implementation of the decisions for the implementation of the decision, will take into account the consideration of the legal, financial and financial reasons of each request;
The President also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 134/13 of 5 May 2000, the Prime Minister had established the responsibility of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights on the status of human rights in the United Nations and the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A detailed report will be made to the General Assembly, not only reflected in the conclusions of the Conference, but also discussed.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; birth expectancy expectancy: 43.3 per cent); the United Nations Development Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Development Programme, 2000, New York, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, in order to promote the common aspirations of the United Nations Conference on Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library provided four training courses for a total of six training courses, including the staff staff, the Mission, the Mission, the staff staff, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
In this case, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform bank banks or financial institutions to enable the establishment of a computer system to establish a computer system, with a view to ensuring proper follow-up.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Bill
At the interregional level, it will continue to focus on the need for technical assistance and expansion of developing countries in the framework of technical assistance in the framework of technical assistance in the developing countries and to promote South-South trade and export reduction activities.
The proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003 provides the importance of resources in all levels of education, reflecting the importance of the language.
General comments
1 The Federal Electoral Officer
It urges the Government to ensure that lawyers and judges are fully involved in the education and education education, to increase the understanding of equality and non-discrimination and the understanding of international norms and norms.
At present, a cross-cutting working group has been established in the federal sector, since the fight against trafficking in the fight against trafficking is expected to succeed in close work.
(1) The State party has taken special measures to accelerate the equal equality of women and men, which may not be considered as a basis of the present Convention, and should not be considered as a standard of inequality, and that these measures should be discontinued in order to avoid inequality and treatment.
The proportion of women in the category of the category of the category of the category of the category, in the category of the category of the category of the category of the company, the proportion of women and women in Germany (S.g. 454 women) are a higher proportion of the category of the category of the category of the category of the category of the category of women and 43 per cent.
(a) The people of the child to the entire population.
With regard to the cultural life of women, the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to family and family relations, and in particular, to ensure that women's gender equality are equal.
Production of the total income of the euro;
We are concerned about the situation in the Middle East.
I now call on the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the same time, Israel continues to increase tensions and, in the light of the Lebanese territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many of the meetings of the International Conference on Crime Prevention and International Cooperation for Crime and Crime, in particular:
13 November 1994 The National Prosecutor of Ukraine (S.e. N.S.
• In accordance with article 5 of the Penal Code, it would be necessary to assist the perpetrators of terrorist crimes that are committed to the crimes committed to terrorist crimes, if they are committed to the perpetrators of terrorism.
Official Journal No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
With respect to the use of the depositary to the other States Parties to the extent that it is not acceptable to the State party, it is a matter that this issue is a matter.
It is true that the depositary will transform a system that may be able to determine the nature of the law, as a result of the current law, as a result of the law.
Accordingly, the Committee urges the Committee to pay more attention to the risk of liability in foreign vessels and more attention to the efforts of flag States, the registration of the State, in particular in cases where the transit State has to be implemented.
It was also suggested that the latest trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, are increasingly affected by the nature of a integrated system, as a first step of the first first committee, to investigate the rules and mechanisms of the various international instruments in dealing with relevant international instruments, as a first step, to determine the rules of law and rules that might be found in the relevant international instruments.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Committee decided to address the concept of poverty and human rights in the context of a independent expert on extreme poverty in 1998, and the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights had made a statement on the concept of poverty and human rights.
Participants concluded that efforts must be made to improve the activities and activities related to their mandate and activities.
The Government of Uganda seeks to avoid conflict, as a result of the United Nations police force in the town and the town.
He expressed the understanding of the State's understanding and urged delegations to make a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and the threat posed by armaments threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, the majority of the efforts made in the Middle East in the Middle East are in the Council.
In particular, policymakers would like to ensure that there is a need to provide a number of training managers to enable countries to increase their scientific capacity and to focus on greater needs for knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 5 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two cycle cycle will be determined at each annual policy meeting.
Statement by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and emerging technologies to improve productivity and competitiveness in countries, and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and transfer of technologies in developing countries, and enhance public and scientific awareness,
Each Party and armed conflict parties shall take all possible measures to prevent the effects and impact of civilians, civilians, civilian populations and civilian objects of war, in accordance with their control of explosive remnants of war.
It should be appropriate to ensure a systematic test of explosive explosive ordnance to ensure that ammunition could be expected to be expected.
Welcoming also the review of the review process at the first session of the Preparatory Committee on the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
In our efforts to combat terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the person's dignity and fundamental freedoms must be ensured to ensure that democratic processes and the political process will not be violated.
This report will assist the sanctions committee to implement the extent of sanctions and to identify the technical assistance required to improve the implementation of the implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 to the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
It is also possible to explore the policy of staff resources, as well as a policy policy on the implementation of a number of leaders in UNHCR (see para. 19 of the United Nations Office for Human Settlements Management, in which the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Settlements and the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Settlements Management had taken that the United Nations Office for Human Resources Management would meet the needs of the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Resources Management, with a high-level contributor to the staff.
This would enable WHO to provide sufficient qualifications to the World Bank, and to the United Nations Development Fund, with a view to ensuring coordination between the United Nations and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Health, which is a small part of the United Nations Development Mission in East Timor.
For details, the Secretary-General's report on 4 October 1999 was reported.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. President, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Len (Barbados): I have the honour to congratulate you, Mr. President, for his assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
The EU has recently stressed the proliferation of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in recent and foreign security policies, which showed that our efforts to work together with us.
Anti-personnel mines should not be used to be used.
The report of UNCTAD's report on the development of the impact of the least developed countries was welcomed.
The Advisory Group recommends that the ninth session was held in March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions to developing countries in technical cooperation services was also recognized.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament at the time of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to express the hope that the Disarmament Commission had expressed its hope that the Disarmament Commission would be the only body of the discussion and to determine the principles of the guiding principles of disarmament, which will be a framework for effective and fruitful results.
Since the date of nuclear weapons, human beings have been exploring the elimination of nuclear weapons.
We would like to see a important gesture, which will continue to take a clear approach to the practical modalities and methods of nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is a representative of the European Union on behalf of the European Union.
In the light of the Ottawa Convention, it has not been banned to complete mines, but it is important to provide a broad number of major sources of mass and major producers.
At the same time, my Government has made a clear signal that it did not intend to recover the future, which had been nominated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (the Ministry of Foreign Affairs) for the success of a key post.
The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo considers that the draft articles of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Private Financing for Private Private Infrastructure was a real achievement of the achievement of a genuine footing, which would enable States to coordinate their legislation, and to the Government of the Congo, and the Committee decided to establish the provisions of the Model Law on Private Financing for Private Private Infrastructure and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Action and decision-making
Recalling also paragraph 10 of the Final Document of the Conference of Heads of State and Government of the Non-Aligned Countries of Heads of State and Government in Kuala Lumpur, held in Kuala Lumpur, from 20 to 25 February 2003, and noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean of the Indian Ocean,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
One is one of the priorities of action in Ukraine and security policies.
We believe that, in many situations of conflict, the issue of mine clearance is a prerequisite for consolidating peace and stability.
In Guatemala, the establishment of a administrative unit in 1997 is responsible for monitoring and destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate with mine issues.
The progress in the implementation of the HIPC Initiative has been slow and slow, and even in the process of the process, it is likely that the date of the conclusion of the process could not be in the process of the process.
UNFPA is expected to replace the existing system that would replace the United Nations system and national offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document No.
The sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence of the sentence may be carried out in the case of a electronic monitoring system.
UNEP noted that the Centre for Information Prevention of the Centre for Crime Prevention was working in the field of crime prevention and expressed the hope that the future would be done in the future.
In view of the responsibility of the President of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I would have a responsibility to inform you to inform the members of the Security Council, in order to extend the members of the Security Council in order to meet the Council's position in consideration.
If we have continued to continue to work in the most important parameters, I am confident that the new prospects for the global security of the global security will be a fundamental reflection of the issue of the global security situation, including the threat of terrorism.
The remaining will be reported in the next few instalment.
The Panel's claim for the Palestinians's claim of the “C” claims” and the total “C” claims of the same instalment is one of the two groups, and the number of Kuwait, Jordan and the rest of the international organizations had been made in the amount of the total number of claims.
The important objective of this important objective is to provide a brief and high-level information on the issues of the United Nations technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation, to assist programmes to develop decision-making in technical cooperation and assist donor countries to make necessary adjustments to the decision.
In such a case, the interaction between the United Nations technical and technical assistance providers could be chosen, while overall coherence is to be achieved by the country programme.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and the Security Council and the Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to cooperate with relevant relevant human rights institutions, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in particular with regard to the promotion and protection of human rights and the promotion of human rights;
The concept of peace in the Culture of Culture contains respect to life, full respect for human rights, violence against violence, sustainable development, sustainable development, conflict prevention and tolerance, tolerance and tolerance, cultures and other groups and individuals, as well as a integral part of all major initiatives in the context of the concept of peace and tolerance, cultures, cultures and other groups and individuals, and a integral part of all major initiatives.
Contributions pledged from the United Nations Development Fund for Women in 2003
For example, in the context of international military operations, the Government of the United States of Tanzania used a high-day cluster cluster on the use of the use of weapons.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Germany, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Poland, Finland, Poland, Poland, Slovenia, Poland, Slovenia, Poland, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova and Montenegro.
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.201), para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by the organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It would not be allowed to submit the country's national report to provide assistance to the development of the State's commitment to terrorism.
Also calls upon the Israeli occupying Power, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, to comply with the Charter of the United Nations on the safety and facilities of the Agency, in compliance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and to the United Nations Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;
B. B.
Report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons, entitled “International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing, and the Secretary-General submitted the report entitled “Follow-up to the World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/165).
Article 20 of the Convention determines that the application of the general nationality on the date of the date of the submission of the request is to be applied to individuals and individuals, based on the rule of law.
However, the number of workers who have been affected by the labour market in the labour market has been marginalized, and there is no lack of access to trade unions, although there is no lack of access to freedom of trade union, although there is a lack of a number of tensions in the labour union, but also in the context of such a number of conflicts, including the human rights and environment.
The New Zealand delegation recognized that the ceiling of parental leave for parental leave would result in the inclusion of a number of fathers to the programme, especially in the context of women and men.
In order to overcome the pressure of men's rights, New Zealand has continued to focus on the work of the New Zealand's work on marriage or relations.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had been able to provide sufficient and clear information, as a result of the recommendations of the consensus, and that all relevant standards of asbestos would be met, and, in the same case, the relevant procedures were followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” corrections corrections
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.4
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- right to self-determination -- right to self-determination -- draft resolution — as a means of violating human rights and impeding the right to self-determination of mercenaries [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows in developing countries
The net increase in the net increase is attributable to the rapid growth of the industrialized countries of the industrialized countries and the rapid growth of the European Union.
In the 1990s, official “humanitarian” action is a major international mechanism for addressing capacity-building issues, but many issues were considered to be applied.
Debt relief for debt relief, “The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative” and the Bretton Woods institutions of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC's Ministers of Poor Countries, the Special Indebted Poor Countries, on 27 September 2002, at www.dd.org.
(h) To develop joint-party insurance plans at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/37, para. 56), the Board referred to the two measures to improve the quality of the reports and analysis of special procedures, including the introduction of special procedures and procedures, to provide a better standard of guidelines for the development of operational procedures and the procedures for the work of the special special procedures, including the need for a better number of senior professional and professional support.
However, it is encouraging that the number of 14 women representatives of the National Assembly in the National Assembly had been one of the four members of the Special Committee.
Currently, the enrolment of secondary secondary education is more than existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan for women's development, the Government of the Kingdom has committed to the commitment of the Government of the Government to integrate women's participation in all sectors and programmes to reflect the needs and potential of women.
The divorce of divorce is not not enough, since Bhutan is not the case of divorce.
In order to combat the number of such transactions, the number of female genital mutilation may be transferred to the production of the labour industry, which is not able to monitor and deal with the treatment of HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization would be a major economic interest.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society at Geneva in Geneva should contribute to improving the use of all countries in all countries to improve the digital divide.
Finally, the final summary of the agreement and the question of outstanding issues in order to consider the draft articles on the question of jurisdictional and consular property in accordance with the draft articles of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and the Ad Hoc Committee on Jurisdictional and Ad Hoc Committee on Jurisdictional Immunities of States and their property, as well as the outcome of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and the Ad Hoc Committee.
Both of the hotel were carried out by the Iraqi forces, and the second hotel had been destroyed; the second hotel was used at the centre of hostage and Kuwait; the hotel of the third instalment of the third instalment, which had been destroyed by the claimant.
This is why, in example, the three claims referred to in paragraphs 153 and 15 above, the Panel concluded that the Panel concluded that, taking into account the extent of the nature of the work of the United States, the Panel concluded that, in particular, the nature of the nature of the functions of the organization, the nature of the nature of the organization, the size of the first and medium-term loss of the work of the organization, the first and medium-term claimant, and the first and second claimant, had been established by the Panel's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In addition to the value of commercial securities, the assessment of cash flows and reserves will be expected to reflect the profits and loss of profits.
Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the threat to the safety, health and life of the civilian population and other unexploded ordnance and the security, security and life of the civilian population and the activities of the United Nations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/75)
Iraq is also a great contribution to the understanding and dissemination of our legal, scientific and cultural heritage, which is indeed a great contribution to humanity.
It is clear that the contribution of the people of Iraq and the people of Iraq should provide a contribution to the wishes of the Iraqi people to the aspirations and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
The gross income of the population is to be half of the year 2000.
The Office of the Special Coordinator of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, was received from 16 September 2003.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003, for the basis of the proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003, and, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above, the approval of the 2004-2005 budget projections.
Therefore, he was informed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services had been able to visit the United Nations information in the field.
United Nations
Source: UNESCO's educational data on education statistics in Canada's education statistics and scientific education.
Of the overall mortality rate of the population, 3710 per cent of the total deaths in 1999 were women.
The network is composed of professionals, and efforts to develop the special issues of women's health in the design and investigation of the programme.
Policies and programmes
Legislation on the situation referred to above above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
In many countries, children are victims of armed conflict.
The United States strongly supports the need to ensure that 18 years of national actors are recruited or committed to the recruitment or operation of a national actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board to continue its efforts to monitor the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council, in particular those:
* In consultation with internal consultations, the submission of this document is late.
In the public sector, or “the effectiveness of its operational objectives, the public sector should be considered efficient and efficient.
The Conference decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In view of this view, a comprehensive approach could not be achieved.
See also the Protocol for the Establishment of the International Atomic Energy Fund for the International Sale of Natural Goods, which is the “party third” fund.
On 21 June 2003, the Special Representative of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003) of the Secretary-General's ability to transfer the transfer of the transfer of nuclear-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food-for-food programme.
http://www.gg.g.org_299.htm
Promotion of cultural rights and respect of different cultural characteristics
The lessons learned could be provided by external evaluation, project monitoring and/or in the implementation of the project in the implementation of the project.
While awareness and understanding of understanding of the changes in behavioural change is rare, they can be useful to complement and increase other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Protection of the Liability of Certain Acts of Objects and the Convention on the Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in the area of the town of Bouaké, the new military officer did not allow military liaison officers to maintain freedom of movement, and they are not allowed to be able to control the military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist countries to assist countries in their national and regional organizations, and to provide and implement the provisions and regulations of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the implementation and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other expertise and technical assistance to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre in this regard.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In order to find a peaceful settlement of the diplomatic proceedings of the Security Council in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated the peace conflict and the use of the use of force.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei's excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objective.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken by the representative of the United States in paragraph 1 (a) of the preambular preambular paragraph and in paragraph 35 (a) of the draft preambular paragraph.
The text of the whole resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to make every effort to improve the capacity of the Committee to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is also aware of the fact that the baseline baseline data is a serious matter, but that the Committee's completion of the baseline data is not a serious matter, and that the Committee had been able to submit a decision to be made to the future.
He noted that, in the light of the recent atmosphere, the environmental impact of the environmental environment had to be addressed to the risk of the implementation of the ozone layer, which is the result of the success of our success, and that the damage caused by the people would be more likely.
(ii) In addition to the necessary use of the necessary use of methyl bromide, the provision of methyl bromide for methyl bromide shall be approved by the Parties in accordance with the necessary use of the plan;
The Netherlands has signed its intention to strengthen cooperation between Colombia and Colombia, including the public sector and the private sector, such as police and port companies.
(ii) If the interim measures have been identified by the parties to the extent that the parties did not receive appropriate notice of the arbitral proceedings or the proceedings of the arbitration proceedings, the Court may terminate the procedure or any decision of the arbitral tribunal before the arbitral tribunal; or
It was further explained that the amendment was intended to be used in order to allow the Court to accept the right of the Court to the discretion of a interim measure and that the Court should not be able to do so, but that the question is not a important basis for the protection and recognition of the right to refuse.
It was agreed that the provisions of this article should avoid unnecessary confusion from article 35 and 36 of the text.
In that connection, the Working Group considers that the procedure should be given to the application of procedural procedures.
If a State is required to refuse to do so, it is not true that these provisions could be used in the manner that they need to do so.
C. Review of the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (UNCITRAL) was also lacking specific rules.
The Court recognized the use of the Internet's Internet materials, which was not a party to the case of the case, and that a binding contract would be established only by the seller.
In the financial sector, the financial component of the financial sector is mainly responsible for the establishment of the National Police Unit, as mandated by the National Police Unit, in accordance with rule 5 of its resolution No. 15 of 5 May 1997, in accordance with the provisions of article 5 of Act No. 15 of 5 May 1997, as well as the responsibility of the competent authorities to investigate the Anti-Money Laundering Committee.
It is very clear that this crime must be committed to the territory of Italy or, in any case, the criminal jurisdiction of the Italian law.
Article 1
(Signed) N. N. N.E. Mr. N. N. N.
At the same time, the Special Court is not not affected by the fundamental nature of the Government of Cambodia.
The accused of the accused, G.g. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z. Z.
It reiterated the Joint Liaison Group, as appropriate, to the secretariat of the Convention on the Information and Information of the Ramsar Convention, and the SBSTA reiterated the importance of the preparation of the Scientific and Agriculture Organization in the preparation of the IPCC Convention on Climate Change and Climate Change, which would be recognized in the context of the report of the IPCC, and to note the work of the Joint Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in the context of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the United Nations Conference on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, in order to ensure that the relevant aspects of the Convention's work should be found in collaboration with the Secretariat.
The University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the United Nations, in the context of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the law and the United Nations Convention on Human Rights (OHCHR) and the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the GEF secretariat to undertake a dialogue with the secretariat of the Convention, in consultation with the secretariat, in order to streamline the guidance provided by the Conference for the effective implementation of the financing and lessons learned for the Global Environment Facility, and to make a further effective follow-up to the recommendations of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Conference at its tenth session;
It should be flexible for the creation of a framework for action in the country to address specific needs and needs of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by conflict, the Committee finds that the Committee's consideration of the annual evaluation rate in 2003 would be more desirable to apply the United Nations operational exchange rate, rather than the price rate rate.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, a number of assessed contributions should not lead to the need to increase other Member States with other Member States.
The United States Virgin Islands has been organized by the United States of America, but not in the territory.
In other things, the Code of Health sets out the right to the right to rights, freedom of expression and freedom of religion, freedom of association and religion.
One of the concerns raised in recent years of concern is the dropout rate in the Territory.
He regretted that the conflict of the conflict parties to the conflict in Burundi regrets the need for the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
In the light of the International Conference of the Red Cross and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, a senior diplomatic presence was provided to the United Nations Secretariat for the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
(c) International financial system and development;
The enactment of the legislation and the Taliban-mentioned measures have recently been updated to provide them to the decision of the Security Council of the Security Council on the adoption of the rules of procedure of the Security Council and of resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Order of the Ministry of Public Education on 7 January 1979
The review of the review was that the Office of Internal Oversight Services had been approved by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Conditions of service and compensation for other officials of the General Assembly, other officials of the General Assembly:
With regard to any offence applicable to this article, the State party shall accelerate the process of order to accelerate extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements of the relevant evidence.
If the State party shall be transferred to the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the Sudan, the State party has not been able to provide any other restrictions on the basis of the State party's territory, or if the person may be transferred to the State.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening institutional, public administration, public administration, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request to the Conference of the Parties to provide information on the implementation of the Convention's programmes, plans and practices, as well as legislative and administrative measures.
Israel and Israel must live in peace and security within the borders.
In the position of North-East Asia and international non-proliferation in North-East Asia, there must be no objection to North Korea and nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are other other countries to strengthen their capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued the Guidelines on the Guiding Guidelines on the Law (www.unhchr.unhchr/c/96) and to provide guidance on the issue of prevention, medical care, care, care and support.
b The German Democratic Republic of the former Republic of the German Democratic Republic has retained a reservation to the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of the members shall be held on 21 April, at the date of their election.
The revised appeal is still very difficult, but only US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ 1 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure that gender equality between the Convention and article 2, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop legislation on trafficking in persons and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policies and its federal housing programmes and to ensure measures taken within the national level to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment in the family.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the protection of land and the protection of the land of a man, and to ensure that any expulsion of any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines of the Committee.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged.
They also contain very useful terms of reference — such as “the term or “or”” — which are different meaning in the form of paper and the electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress on progress and progress on the major development goals and indicators adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
The conditions of Iraq's industrial research and technology development and the support of rehabilitation will be supported.
The Organization of the States recognized the need to provide the following forms of assistance to all social partners, including labour management organizations, business organizations and workers.
- A joint document will provide assistance to the work of the various normative aspects of radio and television production.
In addition, high-income income and middle-income countries have contributed to the capacity of UNICEF to contribute to the resources of UNICEF's core resources, thereby to avoid excessive dependence on a limited number of donors.
Many of these are clearly reflected in the United Nations system and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Team, together with the Forum, seminars and conferences to prevent and prevent the financing of capitalization and financing of terrorism.
With regard to illicit drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, in particular amphetamine-type stimulants, the production of their production and production is very low, but illicit production has begun to expand the traditional centres of the North American, Europe and Europe.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Secretary-General on the basis of the present report.
Paragraph 1
It was reported that the official exports of the official exports in January 2003 to May 2003.
No one was made in this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of new technologies should be given to the quality of the quality and quality of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Secretary-General on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve that goal, such activities are included in the African Development Forum, the Forum aims to reach consensus on the important issues of development in Africa, and to address issues of cooperation between Africa and its bilateral partners and the multilateral partners to enhance cooperation between African and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that poverty is directly affected by the lack of education, which had been affected by women's education, which had also affected women's employment, but said that there is a need for urgent remedies.
UNICEF has provided specific support to national cooperation programmes.
There is no indication of the reasons that there is no indication of the information.
The Council reiterated its intention to monitor the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission for the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
So far, the “United States Command team” was a “United Nations military Command” “United Nations military Command” and has still yet been abused, and it is still reported that the United Nations has been violated.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 10 and of the Security Council.
Commission on Human Rights
These consultations include the members of the Bureau to participate in the draft general comment of the International Economic and Social Council for the Equalization of Opportunities, Women's Economic Equality and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 provides data on export income for all sources.
This provision is the obligation of the obligation to investigate and investigate human cloning.
The joint team-finding team continued to investigate violence with all parties.
The Human Rights Officer will continue to provide advisory services to the local people.
Geneva, 30 June-3 July 2003
Professional staff in Professional and professional categories or more than one year
Table 1 shows a breakdown of gender distribution at departments and grade levels.
The United Nations Development Group report on the issue of the High-level Committee on the Coordination of the High-level Committee on Management, which has been prepared to promote the principles, objectives and objectives of the spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Unit entitled “Programme for women's lives” for “Assistance to women's life” and the establishment of a project-of-$-year initiative of the International Fund for Health, which has significantly increased the financial base of the international community.
On 19 April 2000, the Chairman of the Association of the Association of the Association of Jurists, Mr. M. G. G.e, the Secretary-General of the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the International Court of Justice in November 1999 was adopted by the General Assembly in November 1999.
This is the definition of the definition of the person, the family and the community, who may have a long or temporary expulsion, or to the return of the person, or to a temporary expulsion, or to be subjected to a appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the conclusions of the recent United Nations and other aspects of the impact of sanctions on sanctions have been concluded, and these immunity did not have no effect.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is necessary to address the nature and impact of the Convention and the court, and the role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13, paragraph 2 (b)
However, self-government must be linked to the system of public responsibility, which is one of the activities of the country.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is not incompatible with the fundamental principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two articles of the Convention on human rights in the preamble to the Convention.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, especially the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should focus on the protection of the right to health, in particular through the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
Indigenous peoples provided resources to help them design, supply and management resources; they are poorly accessible to the traditional or designated areas of ethnic minorities; refugees, asylum-seekers, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and displaced people, or the return of the local and rural areas.
The State party's right to the right to water may constitute the obligation of respect.
The State Ombudsman, the Human Rights Commission and similar organizations should be allowed to address the case of the right to water.
“The Committee reiterates its commitment to the State party to fulfil its obligations to the State party.
The State party has generally stated that the State party has set out a state of emergency-weapon-free measures, and the provisions of the provisions of the law.
Article 19
In order to ensure the specific provisions of article 3 (a) of article 3 (a), a oral or written manner should be made, but should be given to the legal and factual facts of the person.
In order to explain the scope of the provisions of the limitation clause, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights of the Convention, including, in accordance with articles 3, 3 and 26 of the Convention, the right to equality and discrimination.
In many civil and political instruments, many provisions of the various provisions can ensure that the Convention should be ensured.
One of the principles of one one of each State is the principle of equal equality in the framework of each national electoral system.
The State party should provide information on the impact of the Committee on the effects of any legal and customary law on the rights and practices of women in respect of the right to privacy and the right to privacy.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides the right to self-determination in accordance with the right to self-determination, in accordance with the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, in accordance with the rights of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities, and the right to self-determination.
In order to ensure the independence and effective oversight, independent human rights institutions must provide adequate infrastructure, funds, including the use of the child's rights, staff, premises, premises, the premises of the child.
The government sector should be able to participate in their capacity.
It is clear that there is a need to take full consideration of the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories in any future work programme.
Thus, we are not not a formal draft resolution, but it would be hoped that delegations would make the opportunity to take into account their consideration.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius on 24 September 2003 in the general debate of the Prime Minister of Mauritius
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, under the item entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006), in consultation with Member States, the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, in consultation with the United Nations system, the private sector and civil society, to prepare the report of the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
Bermuda is at three levels, namely the Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides the inhabitants of the Territories, including Bermuda citizens.
At the same time, Bermuda's high life costs is high to the highest of the world.
The average average pension income for the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
Bermuda believes that the overall level of education in Bermuda's high level of education is a major element of the comparative level of education.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials, the criminal law and criminal justice experts; the administration of public administration; the Office of the Administration of Public Administration; the Ministry of Justice and Crime Justice; and other publications of the crime and criminal justice system; the number of teachers, judges and other publications;
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), 133 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor and donor countries to increase a significant increase in the United Nations system of the United Nations Development Programme (UN/DCP) and the United Nations Development Programme, as well as the need to further explore other sources of funding, and stressed the need to further explore other sources of sources, as well as the need to explore other sources;
Takes note of the collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore further further cooperation, coordination and coordination, including through adequate coordination, modalities and coordination of the recipient countries, including through adequate coordination of the strategic framework, modalities, modalities and coordination of the recipient countries, and to ensure that the strategic framework, modalities and partners of the United Nations, including through the Bretton Woods institutions, to ensure that the strategic framework and the national poverty reduction strategy have been achieved,
Stresses the importance of providing adequate support for the development of the least developed countries, in particular those countries affected by conflict, natural disasters, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, to increase their institutional capacity in such countries, for the rehabilitation, reconstruction, reconstruction and development of the least developed countries;
Recalling also the conclusions adopted by the General Assembly in its decision 1997/2 of the mainstreaming of the United Nations system and programmes in all policies and programmes, and it had decided to take into account the implementation of the agreed implementation of the agreed implementation of the recommendations of the United Nations system,
Having also taken into account the programme of work of the Declaration of the Barcelona Declaration in Barcelona, Spain, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995 and the work of the Declaration of the Declaration of the Sea, which aims to ensure the links between the Mediterranean transport network and the border network,
(d) To ensure that new new technologies can not be able to ensure the transfer and introduction of new technologies and other channels.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Board of Trustees of the International Research Institute of the United Nations Institute for Social Development of the United Nations Institute for Social Development, as well as the three-year period of the United Nations Institute for Social Development (Argentina) from 30 June 2003 (Argentina) and Mr. N. O. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. L.
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 April 2003, the Committee on Human Rights, in its resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing in the right to adequate housing and to the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's residence and integration of homeless persons
(d) To note that the Committee is not considering the State party's complaint to the following reports:
Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites the Secretariat to provide information to the Secretariat at the first session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be included in the following:
The Legal Group suggested that there is no procedure for the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General and the United Nations Institute for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice in cooperation with the Institute of Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, to prepare guidance on the preparatory process of the Eleventh Congress;
A major statement on trafficking in the field of trafficking in persons was made by the Special Rapporteur, on particular emphasis on data collection, the global trend on trafficking in the area of trafficking, in Western Africa, and trafficking in South-Eastern Europe.
With regard to trafficking in West Africa, the number of rural children in rural areas are in the form of education in rural areas, in which they have been incorporated into trafficking in the city.
UNITAR workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions on the structure and adoption of the United Nations resolutions
It was also found that any indication of any indication of the new nuclear facilities or direct support of nuclear weapons.
Question of Tokelau
As a result of the efforts of States to combat terrorism, it should not be excluded from the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, at the first regular session of the Executive Board, the Executive Director of the Executive Director made the annual projections of the Executive Board on the implementation of the revised budget budget for the biennium 2000-2001 (DP/2003/CRP.1), which was expected to be expected to reflect the projected results of all operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
The first panel: the Panel left the Canal Hotel at its 8th meeting, to travel the site of the Al-Aqsa Authority.
Articles 19 and 12 of the Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
The draft resolution was adopted by the Sub-Commission on the implementation of the strategic reserve reserve.
The draft resolution was adopted by 13 votes to 2, with 1 abstentions (resolution 57/35).
It is important that the First Committee is very important, but the First Committee remains a important element of the views of delegations.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote at the same session.
Like the same goal, we have taken a number of countries to cooperate with the Organization of American States to comply with the Treaty and the Treaty.
We also believe that the Panel's proposals for the establishment of a panel of experts should be considered by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the Panel to implement specific verification missions.
In that regard, special reference should be made to the International Committee for the Protection of internally displaced Persons in the Committee on the Protection of Humanitarian Internally Displaced Persons, which is one of the top tasks of the General Assembly.
Although the company is the main legal personality of diplomatic protection, it does not need to be the sole legal of such protection.
Any dispute or similar procedures in respect of arbitration, judicial or similar procedures is the subject of the dispute of the conciliation proceedings, in accordance with article 1, paragraph 2, or article 3 of the present article.
I thank them for all of our efforts to the peaceful settlement of the crisis.
However, in order to ensure the greatest impact of JIU's cost costs within the United Nations system, the quality of work and recommendations for improving the work of the work.
The team has been able to carry out its mandate and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with paragraph V of the Convention, the establishment of a thematic network for the establishment of a thematic network for the United Nations country in the northern region of the region of the region, including consultants, the Mission and the Central African region, in 2004 to assist in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Fund in the Mediterranean region in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Fund for the Coordination of the Mediterranean region in 2004 and the United Nations Regional Centre for Central and Eastern Europe in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Fund for the Coordination of the North Sea and the International Centre for Central and Eastern Europe in 2004 to assist the United Nations Regional Fund for the Implementation of the Convention in 2004 and the United Nations Regional Centre for Central and Eastern Europe in 2004 to facilitate the implementation of the Convention's annual meetings in 2004 and the United Nations Regional Centre for Central and Eastern Europe.
During the future of the island islands, the Royal Act on St Helena was published in 2002 to publish the draft strategic strategic plan in 2002 to enable the Government to host the new-year-year assistance agreements for the United Kingdom in 2002.
(f) To maintain the activities of a fixed-based activity in the area of a fixed-based management of the activities of the project (a) (a) (a) and (e) of each type of business, which is a preparatory or complementary activity.
The Government of Hungary believes that the present report would contribute to the report of the Committee and to make a assessment of the actions taken by Member States and to provide recommendations to improve existing measures for improving the current measures.
(2) In accordance with subparagraph (a), the total number of assets and property in the destruction of the assets or property of a large number of assets or property, as well as to the transfer of assets or property, to be imposed by the Government or international organizations, will be punished in accordance with paragraph (1).
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of the Republic of Korea launched a “gender-based monitoring of gender-based monitoring groups” in the University of the Republic of Korea, on sexual harassment and gender discrimination.
The payment of a lump-time payment is the annual decision of the Labour Minister.
The proportion of women's population in the agricultural population fell more than 50 per cent in 1998 and 55.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
These acts have led to all acts, including birth, marriage, marriage, age, age, death, registration, registration, birth, family-headed husbands, and, after the reporting period.
In 2002, it has adopted a crime against organized crime.
Movement against racism and the promotion of peoples of peoples
The discussion records records of the summary records will begin from 2 p.m.
In the case of the latter, it will be submitted to the Committee at its next session?
Ms. Wowb-Bouen (IMF) said that the intention of IMF's intention was not not a standard, but it was recognized that the international community had developed a standard.
We welcome the fact that we are convinced that the international law of the international law is based on the basis of mutual respect, mutual respect and aspirations of peace.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and the major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft programme of work for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The Secretary-General noted with satisfaction the growing increase between the United Nations system system and encourages them to continue its efforts to support the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
In the first special session of the Security Council on the Security Council of the Security Council on the Security Council of the Security Council in March this year, Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Moldova and the Bolivarian Republic of Moldova presented a overview of the Group's activities.
It is this that this message has led to a number of summits in the Millennium Declaration and subsequent years in the past few years, including the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Upon the nomination of Belize, Ms. J. J. M. L. (Jamaica) was elected by acclamation.
The representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Public Information said that the allocation of resources between the United Nations radio and other languages would not be changed.
In relation to agenda item 4 of the agenda item on LDCs, he noted that the development of a effective and sustainable capacity for LDCs is a complex issue.
These goals are consistent with the development of international development goals in the context of governance, in line with the development indicators of the international development indicators of the United Nations, at least developed per cent of GDP growth and gross domestic product growth.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern about the lack of important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should focus on the effectiveness of activities, highlighting the importance of the evaluation and implementation of such activities.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from the Western European and other States.
Emphasizing the importance of South-South cooperation to promote international cooperation for development, as a key component of international cooperation to developing countries and countries with economies in transition and to make effective opportunities for sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also hold a general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The list of issues related to the current agenda items and related actions are described below.
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for African countries, taking into account the Council's decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002, and the Council decided to establish the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau on 25 October 2002,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution in the fight against trafficking and prostitution, the Government has taken a series of measures, as well as the Ministry of Gender Equality and Policy for the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, as well as the United Nations Government's Institute for Gender Equality and Policy, in November 2001, in November 2001, a booklet on trafficking in the area of trafficking in the United Nations, which is not “or reality”.
If urgent steps were taken to address this impasse, the situation of the country is likely to deteriorate.
As shown in paragraphs 43 and IV of the annex, the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated to amount US$ 50.5 million in the biennium 2004-2005, representing $4.4 million for programme resources and $3.2 million for programme support and expenditure.
The Russian Federation of the Russian Federation provided a portion of the activities of the Office of the United Nations Office on the Control of All Activities of the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation for the purpose of the Fund's activities.
At its tenth session, the Committee on Budget and Budget considered preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. M. B. Mr. Pach (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session on the work of General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III of the UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5 of the statute of UNIDO, the request for the restoration of the veto in accordance with article 5.2 of the statute;
Noting with satisfaction UNIDO's support for the development and improvement of the Palestinian sector in the West Bank, in particular in particular, in particular, the results of the pilot phase of the pilot phase of the pilot pilot phase, in particular in 2000,
The analytical analysis of UNCTAD's secretariat indicates that Africa is a long-term issue.
Even in the light of the high growth prospects of the world economy, it seems to be difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of the WTO Conference on Trade Negotiations is another concern.
The same name of the sanctions committees is fully aware of the same name.
We would like to recommend that the future will further follow-up to Africa and other regions.
The results of these discussions should be the Council's reference to the issue.
(d) In particular, in particular, to train criminal justice officials and other relevant relevant organizations to ensure that the victims and victims of victims of trafficking are essential to the need to protect victims of trafficking and to prosecute such crimes,
Ms. Hampson explained the difficulties of the use of “indigenous peoples” in the use of the term “indigenous peoples”.
Mr. Wowton describes the meeting of the WIPO on traditional knowledge and plans.
He once again met with the senior ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Land and Land Affairs, Minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Land Management.
It was proposed that the next programme would require extensive consultations with a wide range of consultations, a open debate on the common debate, and the need to engage in the political will to overcome the gap between the “State” and the “State” between the “State””.
As a result of the armed conflict, a large land land is a valuable asset of a very valuable asset, allowing the military forces to claim in the areas of the past and large areas.
The analysis of the Standard Rules, which has led to a number of international organizations and experts, have been developed by many international organizations and experts, including the United Nations Convention on Human Rights and the Standard Rules.
In Australia's support of several entities, the Australian intelligence authorities is being investigated.
While acknowledging the differences between States in the legal, cultural and different development phases, it was noted that those differences should be taken into account in the context of prevention mechanisms, but he noted that some differences should not be achieved by the achievement of the future Convention.
A number of evaluations found that a number of outreach campaigns have been developed and therefore recommended that UNFPA should be able to take appropriate emphasis at the level of the country level, to focus on the specific regional activities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has examined the report with the assistance of the experts, with the assistance of the experts, to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on international cooperation between the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations in the Middle East road map
There were three deaths in the explosion, and more than 200 wounded.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Mission of Peacekeeping Operations to assist the process of transition and to follow-up to the end of the end of the end of the year.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs referred to the Secretary-General's contribution to the issues and needs of the United Nations on women's issues and their rights and needs in this regard.
In accordance with its statute, the main aim of the Foundation is to implement social awareness initiatives, such as research, research, cultural and development activities, to promote the development of the cultural development of the Muslim-speaking State, especially young people, and promote the promotion of the professional development of the crime and the judiciary of the judiciary and the judiciary.
Section 4
We look forward to streamlining the ongoing work of the harmonization and harmonization of integrated programming tools and the efforts of the resident coordinator system, which will continue to reduce the costs of developing countries, and to strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to facilitate the rationalization of the resources, the best use of resources, to eliminate duplication, and coordination, and enhance the implementation of standards and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) To hold a military operation in the area of peacekeeping operations in the area of peacekeeping operations in the area of the “Boo” in Gabon from 21 to 28 July 2003.
E. Judicial cooperation
The work of the proposed programme budget for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
As expected accomplishment (a), insert the words “in the mandate of the programme programme”.
The Committee is of the view that, in the light of the fact that the Government of the United Nations staff received to the future of the retired staff, the International Civil Service Commission has been obsolete since 50 years.
The Committee notes that the Executive Board of the Coordination Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) aims to ensure that the United Nations system had a more coherent and coherent response to Member States, with a view to ensuring a more coherent and coordinated response to the United Nations Office for Coordination Coordination Coordination Coordination Coordination Board, as well as the relevant elements of the United Nations Conference Executives Board for Coordination for the effective and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section item of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003.
In this regard, the Committee stressed the need for CEB to review the coordination of inter-agency inter-agency coordination issues for NEPAD.
Communications and international organizations in the field of transit transport responses and international organizations
For example, it is necessary to take full consideration of the cross-border aspects.
A important recommendation on the establishment of a network for the establishment of a network for the establishment of a network of the Network should be considered.
New York
The average rate of pensions has increased from the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
(c) Loss of tangible property losses
The Claimant also stated that the agreement agreed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement had not been signed by Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
A claim report covers the claim of a loss of a amount of $50 million for a loss of $1 million claims; E claims reported the review of the Panel's claim of the oil sector; E2 claims related to the review of the Panel's claim and other commercial entities, and the “E4” claim claims related to the review of the claims of non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities, and the “E4” claim claims related to the review of the claim of the claim of a claim of $10 million.
Decision on the decision of the Working Group on Claims claims (S/AC.26/Dec.26/Dec.21)
UNIDO has established a large-scale-year programme of cooperation with the Islamic Bank of the Islamic Development and Export Credit Company (BWF) and the establishment of a large-year-year programme of work in September 2003 (Bangladesh, Uganda and Yemen).
(a) A new activity in Latin America and Uruguay in Latin America.
In Ethiopia's establishment of a number of waste waste plants, the modalities for the modalities of the integration of a number of African countries ( cleaner technologies).
Invites the Working Group to continue to work on the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States,
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19, and orally orally amended, in accordance with paragraph 16 of its resolution, as well as to the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the General Assembly in its resolution 511 of 17 December 1996 and the report of the Working Group of the Sixth Committee of the Sixth Committee established by the General Assembly in its consideration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of small arms and light weapons affected by small arms and light weapons are not required to provide assistance in the implementation of national legislation and to provide assistance to the implementation of legislation.
(m) A copy of the import licences of the foreign authorities and the import of export licences to the local authorities in the absence of imports;
(f) States to exchange the exchange of information on weapons related to weapons of weapon, and to ensure measures to ensure the transfer of goods in airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a integrated standard management system for the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank of Central Bank, and they will be able to provide training and assistance to effectively use the system.
1 General Service (Other level)
1 P-4 (Special)
• To cooperate with the Appeals Section and the Ministry of Legal Affairs and Policy in cooperation with the Ministry of Legal Affairs (para. 1 (a) and the legal and legal status of the Committee (especially in particular evidence and procedures)
The objective of this subprogramme is to conduct oversight and discipline in the appeal to the Appeals Court, as follows:
• In the absence of a significant number of public and compensation requirements for victims in the Section, there is no unnecessary delay or difficulties in the proceedings.
• General temporary assistants (P-2): 738
Accordingly, the first half of the first session would be the Secretariat to be able to develop their capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the State party to provide more information on the status of women's health in the Government, and that Luxembourg has established research studies to provide disaggregated data disaggregated by the child and child mortality, maternal mortality and child mortality, maternity-care and post-natal care.
The interpretation of the right to retain the right of the third party shall not be explained.
The Convention does not exclude the State party's jurisdiction in any criminal jurisdiction in accordance with international law, without prejudice to general international law.
The State party may provide a reasonable request to request the requesting State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken by this request.
If the State party has not yet done such agreements or arrangements, the State party may consider the application of the Convention's legal law on any offences covered under the Convention.
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation to strengthen international peace and security, and stresses the need for a comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the Convention's access to the use of chemical weapons, as well as the use of the use of weapons of mass destruction,
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to develop measures for the implementation of the Charter and Rules of the United Nations Staff and Rules, in accordance with the principles and provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, to prevent discrimination against nationality, racial discrimination, sex, religious and religious discrimination,
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures in accordance with the provisions of the resolution, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 3/13 B of 3 November 1980, in order to facilitate the necessary measures to be taken by the University of Jerusalem (E/Quds) of 3 November 1980.
Strengthening the capacity of public administration management to the United Nations Millennium Declaration
In addition to the criteria of developing countries, Burkina Faso is a extremely vulnerable country in Burkina Faso, which provided the role of the country in the areas of the United Nations system, with the support of the United Nations system, to improve the gap between these initiatives.
Is your list of individuals who have been listed in your country or in transit?
Another speaker said that there is a need for greater efforts to address the world's work in the work of the United Nations.
Article 4
Tax incentives: grants for grants, credit subsidies and price insurance; financial incentives: exemption for tax, capital, capital, capital, capital, sales, value and export taxes; and other incentives, such as infrastructure, marketing and export subsidies;
In particular, in particular with the development programme of the subregion, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions also proposed the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could be expected to be expected to be discussed.
The scope of this period is broad.
The programme of gender mainstreaming in the biennium 2000-2001 is a integral part of the budget document, which was adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its decision 52/20 and General Assembly resolution 52/20 of 12 December 1997, and the General Assembly, in the General Assembly, requested that the Programme and Programme of Action should be adopted by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, including the Programme and Programme of Action, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programmes are a gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped the destruction of property, confiscation of land, the destruction of hundreds of Palestinian youth, the closure of the wall, the construction of the road, the construction of the movement of Israeli settlements, and the other other other measures for the freedom of settlers to the rest of East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern about the ability of the United Nations and the United Nations personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated persons, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, and the ability of the United Nations Charter to provide assistance to the protection and protection of civilians in the United Nations,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a request for full implementation of the Tribunal's work, and the Tribunal's work should be expected to be expected to achieve the results of the strategic strategy.
(k) To participate in the activities of the United Nations system: President of the President of the General Assembly on the role of the United Nations system at the United Nations system at the United Nations system.
Other five cases reported seven accused accused, which are currently accused of one accused, one of the accused accused, N. N. N. N. N. N. N. N.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.K.
On 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002) of 9 July 2001, which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other law members, the Special Rapporteur noted that the United States citizens of American citizens had been arrested and sentenced by the United States citizens of the United States, who had been arrested and sentenced to a number of years, and the three years of the State of Australia's National Affairs of Australia, who had been arrested and published by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China; and 16 per cent of the Government of Australia's Republic of China; and 16 of the Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the Government of the United States to pay the responsibility of the United States to respect the responsibility of Islam and the Arab region.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the serious nature of these allegations, noting that it was not yet a case of such incidents, and he expressed regret that the Government had failed to respond to his letter.
The concept of freedom of expression is a important element of the most fundamental human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
Last year, our country will be able to achieve the greatest aspirations of our country.
We understand that the United Nations must be the foundation of the global anti-terrorism coalition.
I am sure that, in order to try to address the United Nations instruments, the need to carefully analyse and carefully carefully be heard.
The authorities were established, as the word is the same.
These indicators include national health and other institutions to provide monitoring of national goals and plans to improve reproductive health services and children.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.407).
These are the Special Rapporteur's determination to make every effort to ensure that Iraq's democratic democracy is firmly rooted in the human rights culture of Iraq, and that the human rights of the human rights of Iraq will be brought to justice.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 would be used to cover the current period for mine-related capacity-building projects.
The full text of the draft decision on agenda item 7 was contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.686865).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should be invited to consider the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to discuss the Treaty's treaties on space assets and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid this issue.
The Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group has developed a series of model provisions in the Working Group.
The Committee should review the report to determine whether the information is unaware of the use or suspicion of money laundering.
The Panel will continue to complete its mandate at its next session on the specific issues of the London Group.
In this regard, the project-based projects for the United Nations Radio Centre for Radio was established in this regard.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are intended to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade, commodity and external debt.
The Chairman said that, in consultation with the Council, the Council authorized his statement on behalf of the Council on behalf of the Council and read as follows: A/PRST/2003/18; see S/PRST/2003/18; the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2003).
Specific rights and freedoms
In his letter dated 27 November last year, the Secretary-General issued a letter issued by Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November, in which the Government of Israel was still awaiting the return of the Government of Israel, and he was the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of draft article 4, paragraph 4, of the Convention on interim measures is proposed (CEDAW/C/2004/I/P.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10 a.m.
Variant B would be a serious impact in this process.
The web site of the Web site is scheduled to be launched in 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new mission of Liberia to the United Nations Interim Mission in Liberia must be the strong mandate of the protection and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there is a urgent problem of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda has signed France and Germany, as a result of the issue of cloning of human beings.
The Inter-American Development Bank was aimed at promoting the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions provided financial assistance, advisory opinion or the form of support.
“The measures aimed at identifying international and innovative sources of financing, including private sector, support the private sector to support the implementation of the country's implementation”.
As at 31 December 2002, the headquarters of the United Nations Headquarters will be responsible to monitor the health insurance plan for a half of one half of the P-5 post, and the establishment of a new post for 2003 should be better monitored.
In the amount of this amount, $1,139,911,11 dollars were used for the implementation of the Fund's commitment to implementing partners in the amount of a long-term payment period.
The subprogramme is expected to be expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments in the following two years: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (b) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (c) Member States to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; and (c) Member States to provide technical advice to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Support services
Some delegations announced that they have recently taken action to ratify legislation in order to develop or implement the status of refugee status, and other delegations have taken steps in order to promote the responsibility of UNHCR to determine the status of refugee status.
During the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission had decided to receive the number of instruments required for the need for a high priority.
Report of the Caribbean secretariat
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States has faced serious international terrorism and extremist attacks, which believe that this evil and global threat must not be protected without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Bank is the international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 2
48th plenary meeting Follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development (rule 10 (b)]
Amendments to article 98 of the Act:
There are no criminal responsibility for the age of nine years.
In accordance with the Penal Code, the criminal responsibility for the sale of children, sale and other types of other types of illicit trade shall be liable.
Background
Equipment and systems do not exist or “the degree of time”.
Strongly condemns the growing number of violence involved in humanitarian operations, inter alia, rape, rape, rape, rape, rape, abduction, abduction, abduction, abduction, abduction and detention, abductions, abduction and seizure of the humanitarian transport system and looting of the humanitarian transport system and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
It was felt that the treaty was not a strict and objective principle for the treaty to address extreme hazards.
However, the injury of injury is the entire country.
It is necessary that the law of the State party should be chosen by the law of the State party.
The fact that the Court's invasion and occupation of the “Mo”” was the fact that the Court had identified a approach to the environment.
The company's company's Indian Company has not been able to make a voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of the Act on Money Laundering Act Act No. 35 of 5 April 2003) provides that financial institutions and other matters related to financial transactions, banks, monetary companies, monetary companies, financial companies, loans and real estate companies.
The Office of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (the Secretary-General for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice) is responsible for the programme.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will also be carried out in the area of justice reform, especially in juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Information Committee, I would like to assure that I would like to cooperate fully with all efforts for the work of the General Assembly.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing also that crime prevention strategies and action should be based on broad, gender-based awareness and multidisciplinary knowledge on the success of the successful practice,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, section VIII.
Claimant's name: T.E. M. M. M. M.
They also called on the measures taken to ensure that the civilian population and the civilian population are separated and improved.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed the views expressed by the Secretary-General that it would be useful to consider a more detailed discussion on globalization.
International Mining and Evidence Council
2003/22 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illegal brokering can be instrumental in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons of arms, which may not interfere with the use of a legitimate means of power, and they have been affected by terrorist groups, rebel groups and groups.
Mr. President, my delegation wishes to commend you, Mr. President, Uganda, Mr. Yama Yakakakka, President of the Committee on the work of the Commission during its fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralization of decentralization
• International Institute for International Law (Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in India showed that the use of the Internet was used to use the use of the Internet in the area of the United Nations system in the field of the United Nations system,, credible, credible, accountable and transparent governance in India.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to take all necessary resources and support to achieve the goals, strategies and actions set out in the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
The Coalition agreed that the Government will take a decision on the issue of the issue of self-government in the course of the first session of the Commission, and the Government will act in a decision on self-government in order to address the issue of self-government.
The conditions of these conditions are the highest political priorities.
To this end, incentives for incentives must be strengthened.
The subsidy programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and monitoring network, which provides objective, regular and accurate reports against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of indigenous peoples.
In this regard, the seminar has played a significant role, including a representative of a British representative, and he said that he was able to understand the real ideas of Anguilla to self-determination.
It should be requested that, in the course of the two agencies, a special overview of the Millennium Development Goals, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Women (UNIFEM), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Women and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Economic and Social Council, and UNIFEM (ICT).
(vii) Encourage and support coordination and coordination between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and the Government to maximize and support the advancement of women and the advancement of women.
The discussion discussed how the WTO has been able to support negotiations on environmental commodities and services in the WTO.
The Group of 77 and China expressed appreciation to the support and support expressed by the Secretary-General in addressing these issues, in particular in particular measures to enhance competitiveness, diversification and diversification of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings of the United Nations Conference on Latin America and the Caribbean, which was held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management, the Indonesian banks requested the Agency to report suspicious transactions to report suspicious transactions and to implement administrative sanctions in the reporting report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and more assessing the requirements of national assessments and to recognize the need to meet the needs of regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives.
This is a decision of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides the Executive Director of the Executive Director, in accordance with article 3 of the rules of procedure, the Executive Director of the Executive Director is responsible for the establishment and guidance of the Department, and for the establishment and guidance of the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining the peaceful uses of outer space
Costa Rica
The rules of registration for the registration of outer space in outer space is not applicable to aerospace objects.
As a result of two years, the views expressed by States have been made, but it is not possible to explore the new bridges of the new bridges.
His delegation hoped that a international consensus on this issue would be put in place, if necessary, to support the proposal of Belgium.
We therefore believe that the Security Council officially heard the views expressed by the General Assembly on the views, observations and recommendations of the Council.
We hope that the report of the General Assembly will provide useful feedback to the Council to improve the work of the Council.
Annual
Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern at the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Notes that the third session of the Preparatory Committee of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort every effort to submit a report to the Review Conference, and that the report of its previous session, and its previous meetings;
A/57/274, A/57/665 and Corr.1 and A/577.
Welcomes the signing or accession of the Convention or the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team visited the plant's plant, which raised the construction of the oil plant plant, which were located in the oil industry of the North of the North of the North of the North of the North of the North, and the production of production operations.
The Government of Colombia supports the Government to seek its territorial control control to defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthening the strengthening of justice and the promotion of social development in the areas of conflict and armed conflict.
Australia.
See resolution 60/1.
The process in this chapter addresses the process of the process and a number of potential ideas related to voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested to develop a set of voluntary guidelines for the adoption of a intergovernmental working group.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with articles 55 and 46 of the Charter of the United Nations, international cooperation for development in the Charter of the United Nations and the international law established by international law is the right to economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of the rental of air assets and the implementation of a contract contract for air transport, ensuring compliance with the implementation of the fixed contract contract; ensuring compliance with the establishment of the military authorities, and to ensure that the exchange of information for air traffic control, access to information and services in the field of air traffic, and the establishment of a flight permit.
Notes
In its resolution 56/15 of 19 December 2001, the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/155, of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to strengthen a comprehensive report on international cooperation in the field of human rights in the field of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be accepted by States, such laws must be treated in the context of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At its 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2006/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the many problems of the world, the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of whom are small island Territories, are particularly difficult in small island Territories, such as those of the various factors, such as their small areas, remote areas, remote areas, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of natural disasters, the vulnerability of water and communications, and a heavy financial burden, and a heavy financial burden, and the heavy financial burden of the supply of water.
I would like to recall that this seminar is a genuine hope for the people of the Pacific, and the United Nations will participate in the dialogue between the United Nations and the administering Power.
In particular, the Committee is particularly concerned with the statement made by the representative of the United Nations, and they said that the work of the Special Committee had been the “humanitarian” of the Special Committee.
These activities have taken a variety of effects, and most focus on the best use, planning and implementation of nuclear power centres, monitoring and improvement of their operations.
The majority of women who are married to the State of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo and the State of nationality.
As the infrastructure and other social services institutions have been fully destroyed, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, and the increase of agricultural activities cannot be avoided, and the return of the recent refugees of the Sudan further exacerbated this situation.
With regard to the second index, Member States assessed the number of unpaid assessed contributions, although the end of 2002.
The representative of Mexico spoke on the development and sustainable development of the country's national strategies to protect land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people have seen violence?
UNHCR has provided emergency support for the supply of water supply systems in El Geneina and the return of internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons.
Support of groups
Latin America
Emphasizes the importance of effective entry into force of the Convention and the remaining Protocol;
Mainstreaming forest management is not only needed to take into account the needs and priorities of the needs and priorities of women, and to ensure that women's independence have access to the use and rights of women and to ensure that women can benefit from forest resources.
Draft report
Article 8
Step 13: Further verification of the necessary verification capability to ensure that all parties comply with the disarmament agreement, thereby build and maintain a world of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The non-American Association of Non-Aligned Organizations stated that discrimination in the administration of justice did not constitute a poverty problem, since the majority of the population of African descent or the people of the world.
Accountability against corruption and to the Minister of Action, M.g. W.
The United Nations will make every effort to assist the Secretariat and its Government to implement the road map and to move forward to peace.
“25. Welcomes the need to further consider the rights of the rights of the parties under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the need to develop and analyse the progress made by the State party in the implementation of the rights and benchmarks of the Covenant, as well as the progress made by States parties to the Covenant.”
It was also noted that there was a general requirement for the time frame for the right to a security right, in which a certain exceptions to the right to security, and that there is a need for specific priority for a period of time, as such as a acquisition security right.
In accordance with rule VII of the rules of procedure, a number of recommendations were made.
A independent assessment of projects and programmes between both and donor countries will be established.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy to bring the economic growth of the Palestinian economy and the integration of the economy.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Combined periodic report of the Fifth Committee (CEDAW/C/OROR/2 and CEDAW/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there were 35 women in Parliament not a victory of the Government of Cuba, but the people of Muslim countries, and the number of women's women, were the victory of all women.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces killed the Palestinian town in the northern Gaza Strip in the northern Gaza Strip, killing of Palestinians and destruction, including those of those.
States are unwilling to freeze the issue of a tangible asset in the possession of business or property.
In the case of 27 a cent of the three individuals, the fate of the known whereabouts is very few.
It would be possible to ensure that the list of individuals listed in the list of the list of individuals are to be able to obtain access to the movement of business assets and to avoid the implementation of the measures set out in resolution 1390 (2002) or 1455 (2003).
It seems to be noted that the need to be taken to be addressed.
The unique forms and causes of HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa, and the situation in Iraq, is a clear responsibility for the United Nations to identify the role and responsibilities of the United Nations in this area.
The present report describes progress in the area of implementation and international support to NEPAD, and challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a free-free port to facilitate access to manufacturing of firearms.
The development of the process of the future status of Kosovo's future status would depend on the positive results of the review.
A statement was made by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the present document was not acceptable, and the Kosovo Serb leaders had also been able to maintain.
Now, we need to support these mechanisms to provide the necessary resources.
What is how it is clear to demonstrate the intention of the General Assembly, the Constitutional Framework and other law and other law, as well as the use of the original standard system as a means of this important document?
The family and local communities are now aware of the fact that there is different values and benchmarks on forests.
The capacity of the implementation of the Programme's functions is to improve the effectiveness of a country programme to improve the effectiveness of national offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Mali, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, the occupied Palestinian territories and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
d Includes a net support budget for $45 million and other resources for the Trust Fund for other resources and other resources, as well as the proposed programme budget (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The Director of the General Assembly, for the part of the United Kingdom, has been engaged in public vehicles and trucks in the capital of the capital, and many people were killed, and the closure of the wall, and the closure of the Palestinian Court, has been the power of the Supreme Court.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 and 10 months.
Kosovo (Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
On Tuesday, 6 and 21 August; 6 and 27; 15 October; 15, 18 and 31; 28 and 31; 28 and 31; 16 and 31; 16 and 27; 16 and 27; 16 and 27; 16 and 24; 16 and 24; 16 and 24; 25 and 24 March; 16 and 24 March; 16 and 24 March; 16 and 24 March;
(United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection was held on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban on the travel ban, which had been submitted to the name of the travel ban, which had been submitted to the name of the ship.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation 8 (a)
Since the end of the cold war end, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but other countries have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, as well as the threat of weapons of mass destruction, as a result of the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation supports any form of political and diplomatic negotiations in the aftermath of the crisis.
At the end of 31 July Thailand, Thailand had made a total of the International Monetary Fund.
In order to make this future, Thailand is doing their efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) The activities of members of the terrorist groups;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will be held in the first quarter of 2005.
Agencies
UNAMI's main role will lead to the establishment of operational planning, as well as the activities of coordinating United Nations agencies and to provide guidance to the United Nations agencies.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraphs 1 (b) and 1390 of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1267 (1999), the sanctions and other financial and financial resources of the list of individuals and entities, including those who have not been frozen or indirectly, shall not be granted or indirectly to any other financial and economic resources, including those who have been committed or indirectly, or to ensure that any person or any other other, assets or resources may be provided directly or indirectly.
Guinea-Bissau continues to address this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote the common aspirations of democracy, not only in terms of law and domination, and to strengthen democracy in all societies.
We believe that the United Nations must be able to promote and strengthen global democracy and to create a political environment conducive to peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the region is not dependent on the creation of a full employment in order to increase the economic growth of the economy.
2003
A solution was to be set out in a set of a provision, which is required to provide diplomatic protection to the need for protection or protection of human rights, but it must be necessary to adopt a binding decision on the decisions of judicial decisions or arbitration decisions, as well as the protection of protection.
His delegation believed that the best option was to be responsible for civilian liability by the operator and the remaining liability.
The topic of the topic on the use of transboundary harm arising from transboundary harm caused by transboundary harm is the continuation of the draft articles on the prevention of the draft articles.
* Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) To continue sustained growth in the area of economic recession and financial crises during the biennium.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: Discussions on the issue of trade and environmental management in Singapore, in Singapore, on 16 May 2002 and a regional workshop on the issue of the trade and environmental environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the preparatory preparations of the High-level Dialogue on the High-level Dialogue in the public sector and civil society.
(Signed) N.E. M.E.E.E.E.E.
Eastern Mediterranean divisions (not all Arab)
They also stressed the need for the need to resolve outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW, to provide the way for effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Developing countries are likely to be concentrated in small and medium-sized enterprises.
As indicated in document DP/2002/355, UNOPS completed the implementation of the recommendations.
An open debate on these issues is not a broad impact.
The National Forest Programme Project project has been organized by FAO and has received the support of many donors and developing countries in the country.
In the second round of balloting on the second round of balloting, Poland provided two thirds of the two-thirds majority of the members of Poland, as well as the members of the Economic and Social Council, on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Note by the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee, in its consideration of the Committee's recommendation, at its forty-third session, in the context of the forty-third session of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, to be considered by all States, especially in particular,
Any person who have not been established by the United States under the jurisdiction of the United States have been found in the possession of the assets of individuals and entities who have not been frozen by the State of the United States, in which it is a serious violation of civil and criminal penalties and/or criminal punishment.
Is your list of individuals who have been listed in your country or in transit?
- Law No. 428 of the Act on money Prevention of Money-laundering (e.e. money-laundering.
Article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and article 1, paragraph 1, of the Convention, invited the Parties to the COP to inform the Conference.
Impact of the economic impact of poverty
The Ministry of Kenya was intended to strengthen the strengthening of general waste management measures and related waste management activities, including wastes.
Belize stated that the sea increase that the increase of the sea in the area of the sea is a result of the population of the population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore had joined the International Court of Justice to address the dispute of the Al-Qaida's sovereignty of the Rase and South-South settlement.
In view of this situation, it is essential to take careful efforts to improve the situation in the conservation and management of fisheries and management, and to ensure the long-term maintenance of fish species and to ensure that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development would be extended to the end of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, and urges the international community to maintain and restore sustainable fisheries.
In 2002, the Fund approved the item entitled “Support for the United Nations Environment Programme for the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Sea of the Sea of the Sea.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultation mechanism
In many cases, the Special Rapporteur reported that mercenaries had been involved in armed conflicts in Colombia, mainly mainly with drug cartels, but also in the area of self-defence and private companies.
Secondly, any amendment to the Convention on the Prevention of mercenaries and the internationally wrongful act of the Convention should be taken into account in the light of the Convention's views and mechanisms, which should be heard in a effective manner.
In the context of the country, the country in Burundi has developed a interim framework for development and combating poverty in the country.
This dialogue is a major step towards the implementation and implementation of the Stabilization and Reconciliation process in Kosovo.
My Government supports this process.
Item 128 United Nations system
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission in Iraq has provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in the country.
Mr. Bea (translated): Members will be able to provide a briefing on the full statements, as well as our work.
We have also begun to provide food care in all areas, and we believe that this is a role.
Note by the Secretary-General
To date, the Special Rapporteur calls on the Secretary-General to appeal to the Government of the Government.
In the absence of the expertise of the academic and non-governmental organizations, there was also a lack of expertise in the field of demand-related demand, the Department should also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme programme.
(Article 3
United Nations Framework for Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) To develop strategies to promote the cost of the cost of information and software for the use of information and software for the use and use of the use and use of the use of information and software, with a view to reducing the cost of the cost of information and software technology;
At its 7th meeting, the Committee heard a introductory statement on UNCTAD's Investment, Technology and Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant expressed that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation had provided the need to identify the use of such needs.
Other participants considered that the Commission was considered as a clear mandate for the implementation of the Johannesburg Summit, the Johannesburg Summit, and the UNEP decision No. 22/4 of the UNEP Governing Council, and that the mandate of the General Assembly should be reviewed in a detailed manner.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building in the training of training workers to ensure the best use of the best technologies, but that such activities require the support of Governments and require appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This would be further beneficial.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization's ability to address the measures imposed under Chapter VII of Chapter VII of the resolution.
What need to do?
First, I would like to congratulate the tragic events of the tragic events of 19 August on 19 August, in which Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello, and his colleagues, the United Nations civil servants, expressed the sympathy of Pakistan and the people.
They are not only the military forces for peacekeeping operations, but also many of them are in particular of their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all international peace and security must require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage of resources in component component
The programme of work is prepared by subprogramme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-three Africa countries are concerned at the outcome of the thirty-ninth session of the Conference on the Least Developed Countries.
Mr. R. O. (France) (spoke in French): Allow me to express my appreciation to Mr. Morris, who would like to express his appreciation to the Secretary-General, I believe that the statement made in my statement had been made in the light of a statement and figures.
The audit has been reviewed in accordance with the criteria set forth in the annex to the General Assembly, in accordance with the criteria set forth in the annex to the General Assembly.
May I take that the General Assembly wishes to do?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) in the region of the region of the region of the region of the United States of America, and that the fact that the fact that the United Nations General Assembly at its 18th meeting, held in Havana, on 5 and 6 November 2003, was held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003,
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Protection of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/116) was issued in October 2002 and the resolution of Security Council resolution 1457 (2003), which had been endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), and that it was clear to draw the root causes of the conflict.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of several cases: Mr. Blala, and their families and their families in the Congolese authorities, and his wife, who had been subjected to the death and death of the Congolese authorities, had been sentenced to the protection of civilians.
He said that this visit clearly demonstrates the cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees for detention proceedings
Last year, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which was adopted by the Economic Community of West African States to combat the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons in the African Union.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been taken.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
Once you, Sir, we hope that the Council will be able to address this vision and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We regularly hold staff members and in the field of Kosovo, which mentioned Kosovo's presence in Kosovo, as part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the African Union Commission on the establishment of the interim President of the African Union and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials of the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) attended the meeting.
“29. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders involved in planning and monitoring of national and other stakeholders, including the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Goals,
Germany provided its commitment to the development of the New Partnership for Africa's Development, and the commitments taken by the recent trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight African Action.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the work of the Authority in the future programme of work would be provided in appropriate ways to ensure that the issue of the environment in the context of document ISBA/6/C/12/12.
In order to explore the work of the special procedures, treaty bodies and groups of minorities, the problems faced by minorities and minorities have many problems, which could lead to a settlement of disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group is very valuable, not only because it was discussed in the discussions, and it has contributed to the changing changes and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/588, A/58/127, A/58/727, A/58/377, A/58/377, A/58/347, A/58/347, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/583, A/58/581)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on international assistance and cooperation in Central America (under agenda item 40 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Panama, Permanent Representative of Panama)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003 from the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues to the Global Forum on Information.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss the text of these texts.
No legislation.
Annan
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To provide development partners to develop the reform and support of the civil society system, as well as the lack of funding and support to the support of civil servants, and the efforts of the State.
(c) To replace the words “and in developing countries and countries with economies in transition” in paragraph 3 to read as a member of the least developed countries, in transition with economies in transition, in transition in transition, in transition in transition or in the economic transition;
Subsequently, Romania also joined the sponsors.
Several initiatives at the international level will be developed by a number of initiatives to develop and adopt a common data on the basis of a common data on the formulation and adoption of common data.
The recent initiatives for data sharing data for data is three three points.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that the programme of compensation is fully implemented, and the Government should pay compensation for compensation.
The adoption of the Declaration adopted by the Fourth World Trade Organization in Doha in 2005, and the adoption of the Ministerial Declaration of the World Trade Organization, which should accelerate the flow of the goods of the goods in the goods of goods, and the need to strengthen and provide technical assistance and capacity-building.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public offices and take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to take into account the participation of all elected and non-Presidents of all elected and non-permanent officials;
(Agenda item 11 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/166 of 19 December 2001 and resolution 2002 of 22 April 2002 on human rights and terrorism,
To this end, it is essential to ensure that scientific progress will benefit from individuals and to provide development in respect of fundamental human rights.
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report on the General Assembly and the Human Rights Council.
The Mission of Peacekeeping Operations, Kosovo and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings in the weeks have been carried out in the past weeks and the perpetrators of crimes committed in armed conflict.
Encourages the use of innovative and private sources of financing for the development of the development of development, which is not available to developing countries in developing countries, and noting that such sources would not be appropriate to developing countries, and noting the proposals made in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with the international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, the State of Kazakhstan and stateless persons in Kazakhstan, in the Republic of Kazakhstan, may be extradited to foreign or stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Participants agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must be negotiated in order to create a lasting peace in order to allow two sides of the two States and the establishment of the principles of a independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State, and to maintain the principle of the principle of the principle of the principles of the Madrid and Oslo in the territory of the Security Council.
Satellite certificates;
It also provides data and analysis and the analysis of information and systems to ensure that the United Nations country team can ensure the results of the results and look forward to lessons learned.
This system is based on results results, with a view to UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In this case, in accordance with article 31 of the Vienna Convention, the provisions relating to the provisions of article 31 of the Vienna Convention should be applied: “The relationship between the two parties” is not applicable to the relationship between the reserving State and the State of State, and the consequences of the withdrawal of the reservation to the reservation of the reservation is the provisions of the treaty.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III of UNISPACE III, the United Nations Action Programme on Space and Human Rights, the United Nations Operation team, in accordance with UNISPACE III, is mandated to implement a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, in particular international cooperation, to use the use of the use of information, communication and disaster-related services, to use the use of the use of the use of information, communication and other air services.
Dr. Muñoz was awarded with a number of 50 non-recurrent teaching institutions, such as the University of the University, the University of the University of the Islamic University of the United Nations, as well as the Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Russian Federation, as well as the Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Russian Federation, as a result of a number of General Assembly University.
Agenda item 57
(The unit should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family Ministry of Social Unity, and the Ministry of Social Unity, is working with the Government of the Government to develop strategic and policy-related forms of discrimination in the area of gender-based standards.
With regard to the use of timber, coal coal and fuel, the “social programme” was approved by the decision of the Government of Appeal, which was approved by the Government of Appeal, to increase the creation of a “social programme” from 250 million.
A/47/44, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared the cost of sharing-sharing costs in the Caribbean region to develop strategic disaster management strategies, and strengthen the Central Emergency Response Programme.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group in the past year included the concerns of the United Nations Development and Development Organization (UNDAF).
Table 2
Article 67
In this regard, the Working Group agreed that the term “to-based applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the provisional agenda of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session on the following agenda:
(a) Employment activities: flexible flexibility for the skills and capacity-building in different locations;
However, it was stressed that some weaknesses, such as the identification and purpose of individual organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector had made more than more than the United Nations staff's salaries in the duty station of the duty station.
One member of the State was confident that the State company did not include the public non-profit sector, since the other sectors of the sector included the employer.
Most members welcomed the proposed revisions to the classification of duty stations.
While the members of the Committee and the organizations of the Working Group on the use of other data collection methods for the use of other data collection methods, it was suggested that the collection of data collection should be found in some cases, but that data collection data should be found in certain cases, but that the local salary surveys should be considered or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Iceland, Iceland, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea
(i) The advisory services should provide a mission to the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthen national level mechanisms to enhance the development of women's development into national policies and programmes, and the focus on the development of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
General Assembly Documents
[States] The general legal law should be recognized in order to ensure that the application of the actual rules of the State or the financial market of the State or the financial market, as well as a net or net measure, is set out in the case.
With regard to the cost of compensation for these costs, the cost and valuation of these costs, the Panel finds that the “E4” Report of the First “E4” Report” was referred to in paragraph 3, paragraph 3, of the First “E4” Report, which is not reflected in paragraph 113 of the First “E4” Report, which is not reflected in paragraph 113 of the first report.
These proposals have been discussed in the next report and the holding of the international business forum and the holding of a number of follow-up dialogue during the Monterrey Conference.
There was a need to know the need for sharing experiences.
However, Algeria's efforts to accede to the international legal treaties on human rights is in line with the transformation process in 1989.
There is a substantial calm in a number of times, and the number of demonstrations were reduced in the streets, but that the movement of the forces of the “peace” force continues to be often harassed.
- Nigeria's readiness to provide the provision of secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that more than 30 per cent of cluster munitions were fired or fired by the launch of the cluster or any later than the time that they were used.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility
(b) The responsibility of the person to pay the burden of the dollar
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in the field of human rights,
The Forum recommended the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, to cooperate with Governments in consultation with Governments, with the participation and utilization of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urged States to provide their rehabilitation programmes to them.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, UNDP, UNDP, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with the United Nations agencies, have been coordinated in the context of the Forum's participation in the preparation of indigenous youth and youth meetings, in 2004 in 2004 and in 2004 in 2004.
The Forum recommended the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, to prepare a report on policies and programmes in the field, and to participate in the dialogue on the third session.
Also at the same meeting, the observer of the following States and organizations: the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) Mr. Nakka Kakaka, Ms. Kakaaaa, the People's Democratic People's Indigenous People; the Council of Indigenous Peoples, the People's Indigenous Peoples; the Association of Indigenous Peoples and the Association of Indigenous Peoples;
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire had ratified the Treaty on the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, which has signed the Treaty.
With regard to urban security, the Office supported the training facilities for the Ministry of National Police.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are included in all categories: consultants ($5,000), travel ($011,000) and miscellaneous supplies, equipment and equipment ($500,000).
In addition, in recent years, recent investigations were carried out by UNMIK and the United Nations Mission in Support in East Timor, with a number of resident investigators were implemented in the mission.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its commitment to the implementation of the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the implementation of the Dayton Dayton Agreement on 10 November 1995 (S/C/1995/101, annex), and calls upon States parties to continue to comply with the obligations set out in these agreements and to express their intention to continue to review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the Department of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the Stabilization Force of Bosnia and Herzegovina to ensure the effective management of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with the United Nations Peace Agreement, to ensure the effective management of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns Israel's destruction of thousands of thousands of landmines in the territory of Lebanon, which resulted in a number of deaths and major material losses.
Reaffirms the relevant relevant resolutions adopted by the General Assembly in its previous resolutions.
Recalling the previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on the question of this question, in particular those of the twenty-fourth session of the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit, and the adoption of the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit at its sixth session,
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its thirty-first session on the follow-up to the implementation of the present resolution.
Concerned that multilateralism in armaments, non-proliferation and disarmament in the area of disarmament and disarmament, recognizing the need for the Member States to refrain from unilateral actions to prevent international peace and security, undermine international peace and security and undermine the basis of the international security system;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea on the situation in the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution No.
Recognizing the challenges of the world economy to become the challenges of globalization and integration in the world, as well as strong economic groups, as well as the global economic groups,
Taking into account the economic difficulties of the transition in the market economy;
Recalling the decision No. 299-E-E-E-E-E-E-E summit summit adopted by the Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference;
Recognizing that the Charter of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference is contained in a solemn manner aimed at promoting the goals and principles of the Islamic Heritage and the Islamic Heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of these symposiums.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations bodies, to increase positive scientific research on the ground and the impact of the economic and economic impact of the coastal region and their national fisheries in the Territory.
At the thirty-first session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held in Tehran from 27 to 29 May 2003 (S/HRC's Islamic Conference for Peace and Cooperation)
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Restrictions on the concession
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan issued a letter on 9 March 2003 (decision 10/36 of 9 March 2003) and stressed the need to implement the provisions of article 93 of the Act on Money-laundering (No. 28 of the Act No. 28 of the Act No. 28 of 5 August 2001, and the provisions of the relevant documents contained in the formal document.
This preliminary report has been prepared to prevent a important framework for preventing the legal and practical issues of use of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights protected the protection of indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted the adoption of 12 Protocol, which has expanded non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting that the global road toll, injury and maiming of the global road,
At the 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman (Belgium) and Mr. Jean-Marie-Apenteng (Ghana) at the 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003.
The members of the delegation of China on the draft resolution on the strengthening of global public health capacity (item 61) (item 61) will be held on 19 September 2003, on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the constitution and the current new process of the drafting of the constitution and the current new process, and stresses the need to ensure the full participation of international obligations in Afghanistan and to ensure that women fully participate fully in the process and preparations of the Loya Jirga and the Constituent Assembly;
The Council welcomed the progress made in implementing the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed its satisfaction with the Government of the Republic of the Republic of China to implement the draft programme of work for the implementation of this Agreement, once again reiterated its appreciation for the efforts of the United Nations and ECOWAS forces in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
In the same day, the President of the Transitional Forces and the Prime Minister elected a referendum on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to strengthen the capacity of the armed forces and police forces in Sierra Leone, in order to ensure security security, and (b) that the Security Council should be able to ensure that the Security Council should be able to ensure security, and (b) the United Nations system, and that the Security Council should take special attention to the importance of peace, peacebuilding and reconstruction of the African Union and the African Union, and that the Security Council should take special attention to the strengthening of the United Nations system in Sierra Leone and the United Nations system, and (c) the United Nations system to ensure that the United Nations system should be fully deployed and the United Nations system, and that the United Nations system should be able to address the importance of peace, peacebuilding, and other private servants, and that the Security Council should take special attention to the strengthening of the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding and reconciliation; and (b) the United Nations system, in order to ensure that the United Nations system in Sierra Leone should be fully investigated;
The Secretariat agreed with the Secretariat of Australia, Australia and Canada, with the view that the exchange rate in the report had not been avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation for non-post expenditures, and that the actual vacancy rate for the period in 2002 would be based on the reasons for the actual vacancy rate in 2002; however, the expenditure expenditure should be provided in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the Special Rapporteur to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to pay particular attention to extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions or to prevent the recurrence of such cases as early as possible.
The Special Rapporteur is aware of the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not the case.
“On the circumstances of article 19, paragraph 2, of the article 19 of the draft article of the Human Rights Council, in Haiti, has been expressly granted to vote until the Committee on Contributions.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Recalling further the Declaration on the Principles of Principles of Friendly Relations and Cooperation in the Charter of the United Nations,
The total number of troops members of the Force are an integral part of the United Nations common contingent-owned equipment for the establishment, demobilization, repatriation, repatriation and reintegration of the United Nations Centre.
In addition, the deployment of a air contingent for the deployment of two high-level contingents is required to provide the capacity of a contingent to be deployed in any area of operation.
The key importance of combating terrorism is to promote understanding and tolerance among all civilizations and to eliminate poverty and inequality.
Mr. Nii (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the Czech Republic, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland and Slovenia, and the associated countries, Romania and Ukraine.
I would also like to congratulate you on your predecessor's predecessor — the Ambassador of France, to find a very difficult job.
It is regrettable that, in the world's presence in the past world, it is unfortunate that there is a serious threat to life in the past, as a result of the recent number of lives, such as the fact that it is very difficult, and that it is more difficult that we have a serious global problem and that it is now a serious global problem.
The Republic of Yemen indicated that the international community recognizes the seriousness of this issue.
We are in the way that the CTC seek to provide guidance to the CTC and to provide assistance to the countries of donors and non-members of the Council.
This has also been given to the fact that the political considerations of political considerations may also be regarded as a motive for the Government's participation in a positive or systematic manner.
Commission on Human Rights
• To promote the coordination of the issues referred to in the relevant relevant bodies and to provide information on the issues referred to in those bodies;
Section 1: What is the development of social capital, policy-based organizations: the United Kingdom Statistics Office
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the majority of the most overwhelming majority of the European Union's directives have not yet obtained the legal rules of the exchange of information for information collection, but some of the countries of States have already been applied to the electronic environment.
This is required to clarify whether the supplier provider of suppliers is intended to determine the message or whether the addressee is able to identify the identification of information-based information messages.
It should be noted that, as the Model Law on Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law did not refer to the issue of the responsibility of the United Nations system in the context of the system.
The Heads of Arab States, inter alia,, inter alia, supported the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine, on 26 April, to commemorate the International Day for the Prevention of Crime and Children.
I now give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation to the Ambassador of the Russian Federation on behalf of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report at its 6th meeting, on the draft articles on the freedom of immunity of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding of the draft articles on the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 53 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations in Vienna and the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations in Vienna, which referred to the provisions of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, is obligated to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour law of the host country.
All funds that are available to the UNFCCC Trust Fund will be used to participate in the COP at its eighth session.
Social activities are a new process for the world.
• The services provided by the Government;
I would like to urge the Council to urge the Council to implement the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement for the establishment of a national human rights component and the Commission on the Truth and Reconciliation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is equally concerned to ensure full and clear attention to the victims.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will be sent to the country at the end of this month.
For example, MONUC has worked with the parties to work together with the parties in a effort to establish the Government of the Transitional Transitional Government?
To date far far far, millions of refugees living in Afghanistan are living in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman of the Sixth Committee on the general debate of 1 October 2003
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chairperson to address the issue and to address the issue.
Background: The SBI was considered by the Committee at its sixteenth session, at its seventh session and its seventeenth session, to consider the request for the implementation of the activities of the Government of Croatia in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to make full use of the secretariat of the United Nations system, as well as the secretariat of the United Nations High Commissioner for International Development, as well as the secretariat of the United Nations Secretariat, to make a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements of the United Nations High Commissioner for International Development, as well as to the secretariat of the United Nations Secretariat, to provide a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements of the International Conference on Financing for Development, as well as the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should not be allocated to five permanent seats, and two seats are allocated to the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I are particularly reminded to pay attention to the latest flash appeals of UNRWA to provide important services to the Palestinians.
The Division will provide more technical explanations for assessing the impact of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for its willingness to facilitate that the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties would be held in Havana and for the generous availability of good facilities;
In addition, the forces of the occupying forces killed the four-year-old Palestinian children of the four children of the eight years, and that he had suffered a mother of six years, and that they were in the village of the village of the town of the Rafah.
In some cases, the level of recruitment is lower than a high-level level.
Pending a plan of work, the assessment of the current cycle of rapid deployment process, namely planning planning and recruitment, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Extradition and mutual assistance do not have a limited degree of legislation?
(d) (e) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to take discussions with other members of the United Nations and non-governmental organizations in the context of its second periodic report.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is responsible for the decision of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 816th and 48th meetings, held on 27 August 2003, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the amount of $38,000 dollars in the amount of USD 16 and 17 of the amount of $88,000 for the financial period for the period ended 30 June 2002 to the end of the United Nations dollars, in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 16 and 17 of the annex of the Mission's amount of assessments for the financial period ended 30 June 2002,
Documentation
The Security Council and the Security Council are timely to our country.
Chairman: Mr. Nikkk (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 November, the United States number of military entities have a discriminatory measure of discriminatory measures against the peoples of the United States, whether the State of the United States or Muslims of the United States or Muslims, such as them.
No.
The term “electronic record” was chosen, and it was felt that it is a neutral.
Draft article: Application of electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered a investigation of the murder of young women who had been killed by a woman.
In the adoption of the resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system, aimed at establishing a comprehensive and nuclear disarmament process.
The Government of the Palestinian people and the Government of the Philippines are deeply concerned that war has not been able to have a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq, which would not cause the displacement of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely important to stress that the international community in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) is the international community that the Middle East is not not not a arms in weapons of mass destruction.
Law enforcement law in the national and international levels should include the content of gender bias and corruption practices related to professional workers.
The Committee was first focused on the composition of members of the Committee, working methods, intersessional and reporting issues, and subsequently adopted the terms of reference.
Emerging challenges and threats.
Mexico reiterates its commitment to the full trust of the United Nations, as well as other means of peaceful and other means of peaceful and other peaceful means of the Organization, in particular through strengthening the values of the Organization, to address international disputes in the current deadlock.
In this process, we are not important to verify verification mechanisms and strengthen the capacity of our efforts to implement its mandate — namely the world to the scourge of war.
What is the fact that the United States of America received the allegation that the United States of America received the non-compliance of the non-compliance of the United States, or it is a clear reference to the concept of cooperation in Iraq?
The present report discussed the International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism and the United Nations to promote and promote South-South cooperation in the development of the internationally agreed development goals, particularly in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC inspection team
The EU reiterates its view to the adoption of the General Assembly entitled “The consolidation of peace in the context of practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit consists of 11 posts, 3 Professional professionals, eight General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the work of the office should be the highest priority and should be completed to avoid a negative impact on the work of the Fund and its work.
The Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene a expert meeting on FDI and development on FDI and development.
There is important importance for the balance between the budget and other considerations.
(Signed) Ms. O. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O. Ms. O.
In the area of security and security and the cost of cost-effective equipment, and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in the field of technical research and development and development, it is important to recognize the importance of promoting more and more effective coordination in this area, and encourages the need to promote more and more more progress in this area, and encourages the international community, national and local technical cooperation,
Step 1
The full text of the views are available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/index.htm.
“Welcoming that the international exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, especially in the eastern country, recalled that the Council has consistently unequivocally condemned these activities, which is a major factor in the conflict of conflict, and reaffirming the need to stop these activities, and reaffirming the necessary pressure of the armed groups, trafficking and other actors involved in the armed conflict,
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the World Solar Programme 1996-2005,
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in the world's commodity exports increased from 7 per cent in the twenty-first century to the twenty-first century.
• Governing Council decision IDB.24/Dec.7 on investment and facilitating technical cooperation
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary announcement expressed by Colombia to host the General Assembly at its tenth session in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of ICT networks, a electronic platform and sharing information on lessons learned, existing professional knowledge and institutional expertise.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
The dispute between States and issues should be resolved through peace and mutual respect to the sovereignty and mutual respect of sovereignty.
In the current international environment, such measures are contrary to international relations and norms in the field of trade in the field of trade, as well as other laws, guidelines and guidelines between countries between countries and countries.
Many of these areas have been affected by the major impact of the embargo, although there are many restrictions, such as education and culture, in the area of education and culture.
Despite the availability of material resources, Cuba has continued to contribute to regional and international drug control efforts in the area of maritime and air weapons.
Article 6 of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs provides that the use of preventive measures for the Government is included in the law of the Government, which provides the right to the fundamental rights of the Islamic Republic of Namibia in accordance with article 13 (1) of the Constitution of the International Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure, which authorized the right to privacy or communications of any person, or the right to privacy, and to ensure that any person or search were made to any person.
Thus, the net amount of $32,282,842,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,82,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22,22).
Geneva, 31 March 2003
