It is therefore concerned that the laws aimed at combating terrorism provide the responsibility for the enforcement of the law and the intelligence services of the independent authorities, and in order to refer to justice.
Ms. Borzznnacia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considers its future programme of work and that it is considering to include missions.
First, it is necessary to increase the representative of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan factions — including war, and the Taliban — are benefiting from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, and that there is critical issues to respond to it.
The Committee requests the State party to provide a wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among the State and members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these comments.
If additional funds have been available for programmes in Africa, resources for the region in the programme budget is increasing, as suggested by the high risk.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the budget budget budget, a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website, to strengthen the language capacities of the site.
Structure
A new guide guide analysis in 2003.
Data statistics (see the responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact was to reduce access to unemployment.
In this regard, the need to focus on the needs of the least developed countries, as the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginalized and, thus, we have become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is our Governments.
In our country, there is a priority of priority.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is a effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to implement the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
There is also a need for pressure.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The revised legislative reforms, among other things, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment to strengthen security in ports and training of personnel, especially in the area of the detection of travel documents.
Noting that Governments of certain Territories have attempted to meet the financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In order to consider the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/11 which contains the guidelines on the implementation of the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The level of education of girls in the Horn of Africa and Africa has resulted in the causes of the problem, which has already been identified: the magnitude of the household and the financial assets of girls in the family are the main social factors to prevent girls with boys, and the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): At the time of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will come to the appeal of the Secretary-General to discuss the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of acts to be done for future generations of future generations.
In the context of economic difficulties, the Government has more than 5 million, the last year, to be designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPIN No. 23/2001 (SRALL)
The initial judgement has been made for applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that those persons have been arrested for conduct with Israeli forces to reverse the legal authorities.
Mr. Yawowiibboyo, lawyer, former parliamentary elections, President of the Committee on Action for the renewal (A), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a six-month sentence and imprisoned prison in the Lomé police, despite its appeal.
The Working Group, with view, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be held in response to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in the appropriate procedures and frames to carry out their respective processes of decolonization.
The settlement of this issue will not be achieved only to strengthen confidence.
These positive initiatives will help better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples under colonial domination, with a view to providing the necessary access to a more competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and maintains the legal and political authority and the international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to peace and international security.
Since then, the United Nations should not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend and provide greater support to the Iraqi people.
UNDP is currently currently a focal point for HIV/AIDS to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate the work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its previous statutes, the organization, on the proposal of its joint coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Board, had an exclusion of a de facto decision of Ms. Elitaita, regardless of its status in the organization, to have violated the rules of procedure of the Council, which had been the work of the Commission on Human Rights and of respect to the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, in terms of article 3, its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the common right, it was noted that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, should be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received a support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also part of many international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money Laundering related to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Persons, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system in a system of office was that it had become the need to improve coherence and effectiveness of international public service.
(c) The question is or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-family rights;
In a case where the country's position could not be considered automatically.
However, the portfolio of the United Nations business activities includes high value of high value as a result of the world.
Financial Regulations and rules of financial management of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1/Rev.2/Rev.2), 12 February 1980).
In 2002, counsel reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, including the staffing of the secretariat.
As a part of the documentation of the Group, these three documents will be not available for the session, but they can be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as well as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 45
The three options not mutually exclusive.
However, when the Republic of Haiti, the Republic of Haiti is able to act.
The system has proven its effectiveness in its part of the most visible, the electronic format of the documents in the author.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2th plenary meeting on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also calls on the principle of reference by the Statute of the Rome Statute on whether the body — the Court or the Council — is the authority to consider in the first case of individual criminal cases concerning the individual or staff of a non-State State to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions in a operation or authorized by the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is particularly concerned that the International Criminal Court, on 90 States in this day, has become a reality, taking into account the election, the year, on its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Eodore Declaration has been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have to be done to combat and make weapons.
The first consignee of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia has been identified.
According to the British Customs officials at Nairobi and London, heroin has been introduced in air fraud in Somalia by ships from South Asia to be transferred to Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
The political turbulence that took place in the first year in the power of the country have completely devastated the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish a effective protection system to ensure that United Nations personnel and associated personnel are able to fulfil their missions in security.
Although it has started its work at least two years, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of the Fish Union should consider that agricultural subsidies affect the environment and the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has also been used for the development of a common language for the United Nations on conflict prevention, through interaction and experience.
The consulting actuary has also been responsible to propose other types of funding for future costs under the post-service insurance insurance.
The procurement services between UNDP and other donors have been carried out by the Office of Support Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7 Summary by the expenditure of the subprogramme for the period ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for the offices and accommodation of headquarters.
However, the case of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for male husbands were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in the civil society.
In practice, the police has identified a police officer to present a victim of violence in home or sexual abuse.
The Financial Centre of the Territory is headed by a legal officer and staff provided another legal opinion.
The pregnancy of teenage pregnancy are still a particular form in rural areas and generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible, which would lead to a punishment of the family involved in the part of the village of the village.
NGOs - Non-governmental organization
No efforts must be made to revive without delay this process while preserving the standard of the norm, 30 years and still on biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, because it creates a appropriate legal basis for a future of the United Nations export control system in the country, a key element of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particular challenge for our time and imperative in building a world that guarantee the development of nations in universal harmony.
In that regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the United Nations Mission to join in the search of a solution to issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the eastern Kosovo border and Montenegro.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards of the rules of the status”.
I join the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information he made.
India will provide additional information on its comments and will participate in discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Paria (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
In particular, it was particularly to continue to modernize the technical sector system in order to ensure the presence of the Internet, including through the “Question of Palestine” of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of “Peace and security”, and to strengthen its collection of information by the documents for both new and former documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
However, before them to give the floor, I would like to make a few weeks at the time that Japan took the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Policy Committee had the issue of the question at its next meeting, in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report that would be forthcoming to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know about the vision of France for the future of special measures.
It is on the past period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also provides the final assessment of the action of ISAF III prior to the command of command in ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle of a single State appears, in order to be seen in mind.
Mr. Rayvv (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United Kingdom and British States for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and mitigation of drought in sustainable development policies represent a major challenge to the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has completed the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29.2.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat secretariat to the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and fully cooperate in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy to combat drug control based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the State authorities were defined in the Security Council between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region was studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia claims to implement all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, requested that it is the primary requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without a breach of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Working Group on Information and Communications Technology, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment committed to the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to break the power of this crime and is in the context of concrete results that we will try to exercise their capacity to exercise their responsibilities.
If the situation is changing to a return to peace, UNRWA must deal with the requirements of the transition of a conflict in the phase of recovery and development, and to initiate the end of an additional special fund to which it had launched for the implementation of the Peace Implementation Programme of the Oslo Agreements.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 expenditures for the maintenance of premises, resulting from the cost of the budgeted amount of 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali of the health policy and the standards of services to the host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and to avoid duplication of activities and priority conflicts.
Prevention and combating drug abuse
1.14 The increase of the use of computers and advertising of office work.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To the word “other technology” after the word “c”” to the first line, insert the word “and” after the word “b””, for the text as follows: “Other and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are taking into account the values of the public service, in particular that it is close of conduct, sound management of resources, transparency, accountability, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any action towards indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We have been shocked, and we are now now to put to Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past, and in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It is possible that it would be able to improve accountability that could improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, before to validate a certificate, to require the exporter that it is submitting a statement that the rough diamonds exported are not diamonds of blood diamonds.
Other progress is made:
(c) To consider how the recommendation of the Board of Auditors for the United Nations that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs of providing advice to the headquarters of the Tribunal at the headquarters of the Tribunal, in particular the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of the preliminary communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the use of weapons of weapons had reported delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects, in this regard, was fundamental and not ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the opinion of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, education, education, vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the Convention and the parents (including, inter alia, initiatives to address persons who are illiterate or not benefited from school education, civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including through the region;
(d) The difficulties that continue to raise awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective review mechanisms for the child and other circumstances in its placement.
It was therefore what the approach to strengthen and improve the enjoyment of human rights and its control on persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter of the decision as a illegal, unfair and irresponsible nature”, and reject the demarcation process.
(d) Draft session
Figure 10.
The United Nations reform as such as it should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of assistance as widely requested.
I hope that you would like to support the aide-General's aide-memoire as a tool for the evolution of the priorities on the protection and protection of the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in the protection of protection is a result of the resolutions and relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In that regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the presidency of the Syrian presidency of the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian population must not be taken hostage hostage by factions in war to deprive them to deny access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund on its consistent compliance with the relevant rules of the United Nations, and then submitted by the Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken by the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council of Human Property Aspects, which affect trade, links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights which affect trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures to address impunity and responsibility and promote reconciliation,
The Security Council stressed many occasions on the importance of the fact that it attaches to the success of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Dialdo (Colombia), Mr. Kuyy (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov ( Uzbekistan) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to stress on three points concerning drug trafficking in Afghanistan.
I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing contribution to the fight against drugs.
States cannot act in isolation from this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate extradition procedures and simplify the requirements of evidence relating to the offences which apply to this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are or where the other persons concerned;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article has not to require the continuation of minor offences.
The State Party should consider the possibility of withdrawing a final judgement in the case where the judgement may be obtained from the author of the offence that may be prosecuted for death, theft or or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Oversight Office adopted a guideline prepared with the support of the Office of the Financing of Programme, which was related to the systematic review of the monitoring mechanisms of country offices on the appeals of funds, the management of other contributions to resources and reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three-year training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, municipalities and associations, the United Nations Regional Centre on HIV/AIDS, municipalities and associations, the United Nations Regional Centre on HIV/AIDS, municipalities and associations, the Regional authorities for the Management of Human Settlements and the Municipal Development Programme and private corporations, as well as private and private companies, and in private companies, as well as private companies, as well as in private companies.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was retained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes of the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods that will be used for the destruction, location of all of the destruction of destruction and the norms of the environment in respect of security and protection;
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament disarmament.un.org/MamBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Clement of external debt and development” (item 9 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
In September 2000, at least 127 Palestinians have seen their homes by Israeli military forces that invaded cities with tanks with tanks, troops and helicopters and destroyed homes in explosives, while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore vital in that struggle.
On the last point, I cannot take place in the details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), its very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council and focused on the threat of the threat to Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain concerning the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (L implications of programme budget: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Draft programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries reported examples of other official statistics, which includes and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2001
It is strongly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements to the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and calls upon the speedy and complete implementation of 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians from the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of hostilities, where civilian casualties are often higher.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the review of human rights issues, as reaffirmed by the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The regrettable incident of Karayin, 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will meet the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation caused by the protracted drought and the effects of a conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the time that he was granted, the President shall immediately address the following.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested persons.
States parties shall submit the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures that have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, in a period of one year of the entry into force of the Convention to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, special rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, shall conduct the visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Mambasa region were committed during three different periods:
With regard to 12 October, soldiers have entered force in the village of the visit to Mambasa.
All persons who were interviewed confirmed that there had been many cases of rape of small girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects from the inspection forces.
Global security crisis
Once the designation established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions established under the Act on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific-Pacific organizations and assisted by two Presidents (co.g. New Zealand and Australia), introduced the model provisions.
Review of the review of the reclassification of the claims
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Based on 42.8 million to finance costs of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28,4 million, or 66 per cent of total, had been disbursed to the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office to establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increasing number of applications received by the Galaxy system, and to ensure that the provision of the provision of employment in the various duty stations and to ensure that the necessary resources are available for training, career career management and knowledge management, within a new mobility policy.
The Advisory Committee recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake a assessment of the capacity and professional skills required in OIOS to ensure internal audit activities of the administration and investment of the Fund, as well as the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on the evaluation at its next mandate on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey on the misuse of a computer information
Financial institutions are required to submit regularly any suspicious transactions and to monitor any uncertain transactions.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
The offence is committed by any person who is or facilitates or indirectly the entry on the national territory of a individual who is known, or there is good reasons that, if there is a immigration or the intention to request asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of the formal committees in the institutions to assess the situation of academic women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a pension pension, as possible as possible as possible as possible, as well as the fact that persons who continue any professional activity to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in the social security plan.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Law of 1996 on violence in the Family) which, inter alia, in the case of arbitration and judgements of protection, and provides a large number of powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The final review of the Charter will also be particularly highlighted in the possibility of the possibility of refusing to be formally allowed to the information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, of non-politicalism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment of all human rights and women,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women with regard to legislation relating to the law of persons to movement freely and choose their residence and their home.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the legislation on procurement in electronic commerce.
- Request information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against the United States system (Runchchenen_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was declining in a number of minor cases.
Such plans include improved improvements, the establishment of early warning systems and the establishment of ongoing-based communications between areas and communities and the authorities.
UNESCO, IMF and several agencies affiliated with the latter would encourage the conservation of biological diversity in the context that remote sensing and IMIS will have a broad role.
The various issues have been discussed and draft resolutions were presented and discussed by 11th to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 to 15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples on the Prohibition of Forced Violence,
Welcomes the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to appeal to the Guiding Principles on Displacement of persons in its country in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and the other relevant actors, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of two judges shall be provided in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Trial Section
Elections will be held, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Oayayak and the Lake Church Church v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is in a large part of the codes of civil and criminal proceedings established during the United Nations system.
It published and disseminated in all the countries contained in the proceedings to monitor and the need for birth registration and marriages in order to bring awareness of public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
In its development plans, the Government followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, acting through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolution of the nature of requests for assistance, as well as the increasing increase of certain types of specialized assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morva asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women, and it is at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/187); which also stresses that globalization does not take due consideration of the human component, the interdependence of economies that would not take into account the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/11.
At the date of the closure of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration set out in paragraph 1 of article 14 of this instrument.
Consideration of the reports of the Committee
However, the periodic report of the Special Periodic Committee, however, reported the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts, which are traditionally concentrated on Greek minority minorities and the Taliban.
They argue that there has been a violation by Denmark in paragraph 1 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The claimant claims, in support of this assertion, that a decision of the High Court of the region of the East region, dated 5 February 1999, a incident of racial discrimination does not constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the President, acting with the consent of the Council, to extend an invitation under rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Council to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the work will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of the GHG effects and the importance of technical assistance (e.g., French, production, production).
Environmental, economic and economic impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
On the present date, it would be possible to address this problem.
The provision of developing countries to develop implementation, in the form of new new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology for development and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed a plan of action for identifying a number of projects in the world and to create a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(For the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditure costs.
24.6.1 The amount of $2,950,200, as a net factor: $46,700) will be used to finance: (a) the maintenance of the use of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) costs of other items for the operation of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in coordination of assistance in conflict situations and after a conflict, among other things of the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $488,000
The Office of the United Nations
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the concluding recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections are held in secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post to a post or any candidate.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the United Nations Fish Fish Stocks and Fish Stocks Agreement and also requested the Secretary-General to include in its report a comprehensive review of the provisions of the Convention on the needs of States in developing States, which took into account existing agreements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, and that a variety of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2 and, under items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Decitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all its aspects
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the relevant mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of reference expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the Secretary-General and the relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the only Member States, no reform should be able to address this issue, as those who are in position to decide on the work that we are all of us.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development had attracted great hope in the international community, including countries in developing countries to see the emergence of a stable social order, just and solidarity.
This purpose cannot be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach, and the development of transparent strategies that would allow us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Association of sport in different types of national sports, support for schools, sections and towns for children and youth and sports facilities.
The programme of awareness of Latin America and the Caribbean, which responded to the needs of poor communities in particular, continued to focus on developing innovative information tools and education and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy of the Strategy as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that affect access to market markets, including increases and inflation of tariffs limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to sit on the Committee during a period of three years, from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mauritius, the Netherlands and Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows in your country to control transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process, as a word, the momentum of the peace process that has a steady progress, as I have to be done, but we need to be released on them.
We believe that this is important for anyone to be more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil is participating.
The Council will recall the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of international peace and security, which led to the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has a threat to Iraq's burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors to find that Iraq has attempted to conceal if long.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that no link or the mandate of the inspection teams or the weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in which with counterparts could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society had inherited, one of another coercion.
The majority of the non-Tims continue to be in the area of urban agriculture with the use of high-risk production.
At the same time, our bilateral relations to all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support to this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be sworn in the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided into two sections - the United Nations projects and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; the provision of projects and the needs for funding;
(e) 1.17 The term “State performing” means a person other than the carrier that is liable to discharge [or committed to the carrier or the control of the law, regardless of whether whether it is party to the contract of carriage, is identified or determined under the contract of legal responsibility.
The definitions was amended in accordance with this suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to replace variant C, which would read: “three bis.
On another hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by a third of the Member States, including some of the high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of people.
Most of the police information systems in accordance with the Agreement on the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement operate as a database of a database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational, as a test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces in the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a loan agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
Like most countries of the region, Zimbabwe depends on the support of donors for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has declined since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic promulgated a law which establishes the responsibility of the State of Chile on HIV-AIDS prevention and is the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against people living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited, during recent years, development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas as countering pollution by mercury, agro-industries and timber industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The concrete implementation of the projects under this general framework seeks to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 4473,966 are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the programme of programme 4, the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court within their jurisdiction of the right to be present in his trial and to defend the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to be adopted to address the social, economic and cultural problems facing them.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in its priorities and work with various bodies and agencies in the field.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls on the implementation, in this regard, the procedures relating to the basic standards of ionizing radiation control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that the results of the recent ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Tashkent, and regrets the lack of an agreement on the reduction of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had reportedly created 500 billion from the United States dollar for the rich and poor countries and contributed to reducing poverty by the end of 2015.
If nothing is not done, the injustice of economic globalization will go from the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease of globalization.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede development, both in urban areas and in the streets, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is a example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Binguer (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly to the Declaration and the Programme of Action was a major step on the eradication of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, who are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a equitable and rational means of what can be reasonably presumed, a description of the goods provided by the shipper, should change the instrument as a proposal for paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They are often involved on the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(eancell)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures during a capita by ships
(iv) When a education of education is too too far to ensure that there is a daily day, the region where the staff is located and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no example in this area that should be paid to the child, the amount of compensation is based on the same rate of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of compensation in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States could support such the proposal for peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial Regulations and the rules of financial management in force and to reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to know that the Secretariat has done that it has been able to recruit local Service posts in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in the total of 66 projects, in 35 countries.
Group of the Caribbean region and northern South Atlantic:
(d) The implementation of the projects of the past projects, the following possible possible, etc.) and disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be deducted from the amounts to apportion between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these problems is the case of all and looks forward to a more active commitment of the international community.
The expansion of the work programme is difficult to work on the coordination of UNCITRAL organizations with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, disputes, insolvency law, security, security and private infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuing work on two anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The list of the roster shall:
The follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be in a climate, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison institutions and to avoid the violence between women and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljjo de laovic was made in the Kozova, the Morica to say to say that the Roma's Roma had been in force.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of a act in the meaning of this provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at any time of the proceedings the complainant has provided details of the torture that it had suffered.
He affirms that his claims to his country would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
In accordance with paragraph 5 of article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, the same question was not considered and not under consideration on another international procedure of investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time of extradition, but it was then withdrawn by a error on the person.
(b) The dispute statement should be an essential element of the application of the author's communication;
5.4 In line with the elements that support the alleged allegations that Mr. Azks's claim had made its statements under torture, the complainant referred to a report of the ECT Convention on the period specified in which the facts were taken and that:
The high-up of the claimant is not the mother's mother's mother's mother.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and the merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
According to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence by torture.
No further information is given to those problems.
The number of countries responded: 65.
In the meantime, there would be no doubt of too too to be used in this area because the risk of contradictions and inconsistencies with various international international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The maintenance of the peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change in the attitude of attitude.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is closely closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and standards.
The first work of research have already been achieved, and in a number of specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role of political leaders and political parties, and should play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance to the extent that a activity is consistent with national targets or is part of these objectives.
It will therefore be able to do so that the objectives are achieved, but also they will be more than the most more than they are not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint venture by the South-South Network (SSP), controlled by Kanaks, and the Canadian Canadian company, with a view to construction of a high-off of the north in the north of the North in the north of the North, to deal with the nickel of the North Kambo.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand declined from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Commission on Political Issues and Decolonization (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that, as a result of the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be expected.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take four weeks, from the date of which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were very destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
In particular, it has provided a detailed analytical discussion of the project, which was issued as a document of work of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/CBDE/TL/4).
The estimates for civilian personnel for the period 2003/04, which covers six international officials, 282 staff recruited in the country and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amounted to 284,42,900, is a decrease of $4,932,300, (1.9 per cent), compared to the amount of the 2002/03 biennium.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major countries that have produced, or work of diamonds to participate in the power system in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, the new proposals, although the new proposals, as well as in the case, appear not only in the practice of the coordination process, the broad range of actors that would be involved and the long-term cycle of the reporting cycle, however, would be likely to avoid the simplification of the process, but they would not be able to avoid the process of the process, but also, in the context of a new level of work, increasing the task of the recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, through its comments and comments on the request of various United Nations agencies, by organizing conferences and seminars, through publications and brochures on certain issues considered by the United Nations system and with a view to trying to investigate them.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (the level of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 by the General Assembly approved by its resolution 573 of 20 December 2002 and the actual requirements and income of the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report is produced, in a experimental manner, to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One P-2 Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.
The resources for the travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,092,300 (before recosting) is estimated at $2,800 dollars for the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Refugees of Palestine
In the future, it should be explained that, in the draft programme documents, the list of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market must be brought to the prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Reervation
The Committee also notes with appreciation the written replies submitted by the State party at its list of items to be addressed (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(d) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Fundamental Principles of the Reduction of Drug Demand and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
At the two sessions, there was additional information on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author argues that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the date of his arrest and other occasions before his trial had suffered ill-treatment and due to conditions in which it is detained.
3.1 The author argues that the persistence of the authorities of the Republic of Korea, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 143/197 is a discriminatory, discriminatory and void of the right to the author of the right to the enjoyment of all of its heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author contends that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, that a violation of article 14, paragraph 1 and 3 of the same article which have to deprive a accused of the guarantees of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the argument of the State party that it was not the jurisdiction of the State party, and in a second time, that the author's case was not the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, in accordance with the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision was of a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read jointly with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
At the same day, the author also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author did not exhaust domestic remedies and the communication of communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2, (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author argues that his rights have been violated because it was arrested and charged without any evidence of its involvement in criminal activity and has been crude by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence of the evidence that it considered a error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in this regard, the request to the Constitutional Tribunal to the Constitutional Tribunal and the criminal procedure, the author argues that, in the two cases, it was impossible to be impossible under the extraterritorial regime in order to commit prosecutions against the alleged perpetrators of political opponents in the time prescribed.
In view of the State party's failure to act against the complaint, and there is no other relevant information on the basis that they take place on the executions of trials, it is necessary to provide credit to the author's claim.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author did not demonstrate that the State's action has a interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the prolonged duration of the period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the dates to determine, in the case of review, the length of delays in the review of the author and its trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, is the date of murder, and the date of the trial.
It is not obliged to use only the remaining documents that have before the case of the case, and may take into account elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The State party also considers that the State party has failed to assert that it would not have a right to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the compensation of former combatants, and argues that no of the two bodies to review its request did not have doubts on its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that itself and his family are victims of a violation of article 7 because they are not always the person in question.
Witnesses:
It does not imply that the judges of Peru would be able to take the right of the rule that they had had before them a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this deadline is not suspended from the notification of the judgement, but on the basis of the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of this complaint.
The authors referred to the decision of HOCOC in the extent that it provides a assessment of the facts, which would ensure that the Commissioner had taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the professional committees and to reintegrate them within the police.
The authors have before the justice in the case of Roma, Aundina 1997 and Kormjjjjj and the requests for expropriation filed by the authors in the past two cases are pending, but they did not have a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner have been controlled by the District District Court of the Fjnans of Western Sahara, which was considered by the Supreme Court in the case of the Tecas, that paragraph 2 of article 7, paragraph 2, of the Act on the Management of Fisheries was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (and of employment) of the Constitution.
Thus, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, pointed out that the prohibitions of the meaning “the “or” is consistent with the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression and the special duties”.
The Committee has immediately responded to the judge that he intends to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case of case.
3.3 The author claims that domestic remedies and precise that the case was not subject to another international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that a dual-weapon-free approach may be exercised in the military power or the trial of the first instance, and then before the State Council, and that these forums may be entitled to take education.
As a result of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of 16 March 2001, were recognized on 13 months of the author's military service under the course of its work at the sixth level of the United Nations High Commissioner's Ombudsman.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to the expenses of the Tribunal.
Canada, Chapter XII, Annual report of 24/4 Vol.II.
6 See case Cabo de Polado and Santaana, Inter-American Commission of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 1995-S/Ser.L/V III.33/Add.4);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Mauritius (art. 41/199), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts are actively engaged in the new appointments, the Government of the Government must be gradually implemented.
The security is therefore crucial, if the safety of electoral personnel or to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, made progress in the areas of rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women has always been inadequate.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of the Economic and Social Council, dated 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Populations, to communicate as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, to submit the necessary information for the review of the session of 2003 in accordance with paragraph 8 of resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis provides to determine that may be able to take place at the round table and what they are included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of the United Nations Development Fund for the Implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2002)
In order to do so, two basic conditions are met, namely the existence of a vacancy that does not only any State of Azerbaijan who have trained professional training or skills and the inability to obtain access to the service of local employment by a candidate who would meet the criteria set out by the employer.
At the time of time, the time to stay and break days are not registered as a day of work.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Act on Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become the law on the Prevention of Child and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who can be integrated in pre-school schools in the form of their physical or mental disabilities were also registered in preschool schools.
The results of the eight presidential elections have been communicated to WIPO to participate in the international assistance in the form of students in the licensing and control of 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must play a key role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead a new crisis in security between both neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on various options that have been concluded as a compulsory school.
The implementation of a study of the Women's Action programme is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for gender equality for the University of University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
“In Ghana, H.e., Arriririo, International Herald Tribon, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with UNDP
(c) To continue to include the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children have not been aware of the identity of their natural parents, even their majority, as well as it is in their best interest.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of a number of strategies and programmes, including decision No. 347/2002 on violence in the Family and the Family; the National Health Programme for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Women's National Strategy and the Family; the National Women's National Strategy on HIV/AIDS; various programmes for minorities, including the Roma population;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the Minimum Age of admission to Employment and the Convention of ILO (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition of the Worst Forms of Child Labour and Immediate Action for the Elimination of All Forms of Child Child, which has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against Roma in all society, and in particular among authorities as police and professionals providing services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and in time frames.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist acts and data collection;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council provide adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, the need to consider the objectives and policies of development in a perspective of human rights” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to ensure that all means, and in particular by the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law, with regard to private sector workers and public companies, as well as without authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered as a result of the payment of wages, regardless of the remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of population
It is considered that households, even though they have all their income in the satisfaction of their food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units had reached a total of 14,843,843, a annual average of 107 684.
In the proportion of the population and the housing of housing, these figures represented, for the year year, less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of housing.
State housing programmes
With regard to activities in the health sector, some researchers felt that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, however, there is still a need for the provisions and judicial procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Law No.
However, there is a need for the fact that the crimes relating to violent crimes against women are public and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgently addressed.
Japan hoped that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period of the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If one of the three options, the majority of a vote, which will have the less than a vote will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for the voters to make a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without any appeal, which is accepted to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
Kstst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Review of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xx.
In their final communiqué, the meeting of the Conference of the Islamic Conference, held in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for achieving its implementation.
It is important to set out the three main foundations of this objective, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this topic on the long term.
However, the complainant's claims, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption from the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now nearly 10 years, the blockade of the Republic of the occupied Arab Republic of Nakhuivanan, causing the enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/26/2, annex, “Towards a world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and a Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce costs through energy economy.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (C/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2 and A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the UNCITRAL Guide on International Insolvency, whether it means a authority, judicial or other, competent to control or monitor insolvency proceedings:
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which sets out national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, no person killed a position of a position that may not obtain visas to the embassies of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, Albania, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider consideration and, where appropriate, to revise immigration policies in order to eliminate all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, including the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, as well as the need to engage effective action to create the conditions of harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to re-defence in the areas that had been made in full control, in terms of the agreements agreed, but it seems to be decided to take the control of civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Executive Board of UN-Habitat endorsed the establishment of the International Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a programme of 5 million for a initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a system of preferences, based in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has successfully concluded a innovative approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The development and international commitments are essential for the establishment of a international economic regime based on rules — starting to expand areas, which, in the past, were under the jurisdiction of national Governments.
A special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances among developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of the Government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordination Board of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of abduction and abduction, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims of the victims.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kanee as Deputy Representative of the Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work after 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at <http://www.itit.int/we/documents/documents.
We have not yet, in the present time, the responses that we need to be essential on the production of weapons and biological and biological weapons of Iraq, which is still in its capacity and its programmes.
The density of the population and its distribution of distribution have influenced emissions from transport and Habitat.
Some provided a net increase from the sector in spite of measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) As, in the light of a number of delegations, the need to focus on the obligation to include asylum or refuge to persons suspected of their forced disappearance, with that not returned to such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could be needed, in their deliberations, intergovernmental bodies focused on substantive issues and not considered the role of the Secretariat, as well as the activities set out in the work programme.
(f) The submission and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is particularly timely to talk on non-permanent members of the Security Council, with the permanent members to recognize the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion is now now to review the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of cooperation and international coordination to this end, my delegation, without it possible to stress the attention of this effort, would like to stress further aspects that could be considered, and also referred to in the report, particularly in South Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities associated with them can be a common range of ethnic and national groups in the form of their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations and the funds and programmes of the United Nations system in the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management on Management of the United Nations High Commissioner on Management and Management of the United Nations system on administrative issues and management of the system, and promoting cooperation and inter-agency coordination on issues for the Council's Council's leadership.
My area is the following: I will be expected to address new contributions, as the previous speakers have already said, that process will be long, and will require important funding, including coordination and coordination of other countries with the leadership of the country.
Mr. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, for Ambassador Nimimura and Mr. Brazil, who have made presentations that have led to the relevant issues on Afghanistan, although more than more than some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to managers in the accounting managers and proposes to consider different solutions to improve regional inventories.
(b) The need to be made at Headquarters and in missions, as well as to be sufficient to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (FDP)
(Signed) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the rule of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, where appropriate with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad, and not open to all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in the political life they can not be left on the basis that, most more than, it would be encouraged to join those of those who have become actively involved in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation in providing the relevant information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the presentation of December last.
My delegation would like to reiterate its deep belief that security is a well-standing and indivisible nature.
It could not be whether it would be possible to release a old of old, and to renounce nuclear doctrine.
In the light of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the greatest possible support of States parties as well as non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this perspective, at a ministerial meeting of the Bart, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: A delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has not yet reached issues such as eliminating unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibitions imposed by countries and the boycott in consumer countries), in the extent that they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large companies in timber trade systems in environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood can generate any danger to the environment and society.
It is committed in the management of concessions, the value of forests and the treatment of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection of data collection and dissemination of information on production, consumption, trade and commodity prices to promote the transparency of markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former right, mainly on treaties imposed, should be repealed in all and replaced by a more fair and fair legislation, as well as the protection of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because the custom is to be able to be the highest home than boys then after the search for work.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same as they are used by the same person, the witnesses can demonstrate that a couple of a couple live in the same school for the same two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use expertise and experience in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparations for the Conference of the High-level Conference in the High-level Meeting of Trade Negotiations at the fifth Ministerial Conference of the WTO and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Conference Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries to participate in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continue to close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Australian School of Government of the University of the University of the University of El April in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachachet, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which provided the work of the Commission on Climate Development Index.
We also recognize that globalization, and in the light of the increase in international trade, provide a hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in adopting the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women in a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including child care and children, and is consolidated for equality between men and women in a society that took place in the family of the family, it is high to gender equality and respected the family rights.
Developing countries face today's challenges in the development of development, which cannot be found by concerted international efforts and support for political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Council:
I would like to address two specific legal justice issues:
The United Nations must continue to contribute to the process of peacemaking and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to implement the best coherence of the principles that it affirms.
Significant developments in the global balance of the forces and global objectives are produced since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its elected members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed for their arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its final report has been the concluding comments on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as other human rights instruments,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials or personnel in the field of any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the stabilization force of the United Nations system in Liberia or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia, at least one of a formal exemption of the Mission;
Also requests the working group to study information and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other companies, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, which had been sponsors of Mr. Chenihu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Al-re, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Park, Mr. Salama and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Economic and Peace Organization
The Office of Outer Space Affairs and the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be able to join a more effective exchange of information on the needs of users and that it is very broad to integrate GNSS and its full development of the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not know the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and to combat diseases.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is a synthesis document, which contribute to the members of the Partnership, to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, paragraph (f), “any person or detained shall be formally filed and submitted before the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “or no interim detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is a area that could benefit from education programmes and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to make accounts was relatively effective, but that it is primarily vulnerable to the concerned concerned.
Decides to include the following items at the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, in the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvot Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the question of debt sustainability, at its meeting of the autumn.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of the road of our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff who are in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives a overview on the action of the Council, during the past year, in its responsibilities, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist to maximize the relevance of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations held in the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) enrichment of the knowledge, expertise and tools of the Government and the United Nations system, in order to implement the agreements to implement the Global Programme of Action on the Protection of the Marine Environment of Land Pollution and the World Conference for 2000 and (e) of the improvement of mechanisms to implement the Global Programme of Action on the Protection of the Marine Environment of Land Pollution and the World Conference for 2000 and (e) to improve mechanisms to address the implementation of the multilateral environmental protection agreements and to ensure compliance.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of sustainable development of narcotic drugs among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information technologies and communication technologies, including through facilitating the adaptation of local and transfer of best practices.
In the number of results indicators is expected: (a) the number of members and members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives that have been taken to improve the development of poverty and technology technologies, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, using information technology and technology technologies for the protection of the environment and sustainable resources of natural resources.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by providing more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; additional and better coordination in the country's response to disaster management; a greater increase of cooperation on the ground and the level of the region; and more donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation of the phenomenon of El Niño
Programme of the Least Developed Countries
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and the victory (Soulri, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oldidi (Mexico) said that in three years of the exercise of the power, the Government of Mr. Victims of Fox, the Government of Mr. Victims of Fox has the foundation for a full payment of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner in which it needs to be done to establish a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are necessary, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility can prevent the use of the same time when water is contaminated, land is contaminated by mines and supply sources.
This type should be developed and to formulate a social contract that is politically viable.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. K know (Australia) recalled that there is a year ago, 88 Australian Australians found the death and 202 have been injured in the wake of the terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions should be binding and the establishment of the new institution is based on the functions of the organization that established by the organization.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Third Committee matters)
BFF worked for specific measures to combat terrorism in the United Nations system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity-building capacity on the other.
A statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or obtain the assets of the encumbered assets, such as equipment, equipment, are held on the right to a security, which usually usually be protected in the same property of other claims.
United States and other non-expendable equipment
It should be further possible that, as a result of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the draft projects related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Men of Men, the decline is still more more than the proportion has increased from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, it was attended a new distribution of production, namely, the manufacture of roads and clothing for the use of e-commerce, engineering and health production.
It is proposed for family treatment to families with the problem in relation to drug addiction or the society.
It is a major initiative that has been intended to remove the removal of illegal vessels in Arim, the operation carried out jointly with the land Department.
The land are returned to owners or their husbands, as such as the acquisition of the State had never been held, a condition that the owners used the ground in the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair to the Thai and the amendments in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the release of the rental of housing and the Ordinance of 191 to the release of the rental of urban property and the Order of 191 to the release of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease of the lease of the rental of urban property to the lease of 1 June 1995 or after the date of the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme includes several integrated programmes, including the following-to-date-to-to-up-to-case-to-case basis, counselling, genetic counselling, pre-school training, medical care, medical care, child-school, vocational education, education, education and training of child development.
The municipal councils of the Judiciary and travel of district centres, while non-governmental organizations are particularly concerned to organize special services to the disadvantaged groups of the community as disabled persons and drug addicts.
The Catholic Church provides its own buildings and equipment, but is also responsible to maintain its institutions and to finance the expansion of the potential.
The candidates for academic studies must have to have been successful with the review of the sub-contracta, which provides access to the university and to meet the special conditions of admission to some studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost almost all aspects of socio-economic and political structures, such as development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, the agricultural sector, health and education, among other fundamental elements of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the question of reform of the Security Council — namely, the Open-ended Working Group on Security Reform, has not been able to achieve progress since it was established under resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly, in 1993 the Working Group remains more than ever in the impasse.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the findings that had been achieved by the Ministry of Justice, the Islamic Republic of Justice and the Shabqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for the implementation of the existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the use and potential use of the United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of the University of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (Ireland) for the request of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights (E) on the basis of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations system on human rights in this context.
Measures by States 9 - 22 22
In that regard, the Office of the High Commissioner supported the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft United Nations projects.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also requested that unilateral acts should be given to unilateral acts in strict or extended terms to certain types of behaviour that could produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent to hear the message of the inspectors's message by the Security Council and provide the responses.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement by President Joseph Friday, on behalf of the Quartet, the Quartet will present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with adequate powers would be confirmed, a significant measure that we need to do.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce additional amounts are limited to those indicated above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has ceased to devote special attention to the issue of the distinction based on sex.
The requests for approval are registered in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is in way.
In terms of expected accomplishment (a), replace “priority social issues” (the social development problems”.
Malawi would like to know that all States take bold to the defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it would continue to be able to take careful attention to the members of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be done by any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands noted that the courts of the Netherlands does not consider that most of the economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members are also reminded document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was prepared by the United Nations and national organizations on issues of interest for sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, the primary responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the mechanism of reporting reports for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In response to the needs of the Evaluation Convention, the Global Monitoring Assessment should include a assessment of biological diversity at the level of ecosystems, species and stereotypes.
Special Task Force on Economic Policy Policy (report of guidance)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the main managers for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of property and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the results of private enterprises and social cohesion are raised.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution (A/C.3/58 andL.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, there should be a need for reform and capacity-building in developing countries.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as the ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and ensure the repatriation of profits and capital.
It is not possible that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and the military actions that face Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon is able to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to make a final end to occupation, with certainty that they have a viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, contained in articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide training for teachers, professional and professional training.
The group referred to various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there had been several activities, formal and non-formal organizations to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Information on Public Information (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia, Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauau, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall apply the same penalties as those who have before the effective commission of the act.”
Under article 148 as amended by the Act No. 54 of 2001, is subject to forced labour, which is a person who is, or are used to know any type of transaction, such as explosive, chemical, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological and degrading acts, as well as by other materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use the end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: strengthening the role of the United Nations for the strengthening of the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and fair elections and action for democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee's “E3”” said that Van On had been entitled to compensation for some of its losses of tangible property but recommended that it does not provide compensation for its other claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to empower the Counter-Terrorism Committee when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorism, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support to the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that it remains much to achieve the goals and implementation of the priorities set out therein;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They have spoken among other agreements and institutions to improve the protection of marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Pacific of the South-East Sea, the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea, the Arctic Convention and the World Trade Convention, and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North Atlantic Atlantic Region.
Another proposal, the main agencies that should be involved in the consideration of the topics of groups to be held in the consideration of joint reports to the meeting in the early meetings, followed by the Secretary-General's report on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be done with regard to its distribution before meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second line, the word “education” is to be replaced by the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide assistance to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “the invitation of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
At the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development that he took place at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzakiaki had three major features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization: they are very limited, they have been in a limited nature, and they have the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of all future production and the issue of existing stocks would have to be extended to prolong the negotiations and undermine non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of the additional members, the General Assembly shall:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing has increased from 12 per cent during the first 12 months of the second intifada, 432
The Scientific Fund is a agency for implementing the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of their authorities have been given, refugee refugees have replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of equality must be integrated into the strategies and policies of development at all levels, including the United Nations action.
It is currently two female leaders on a total of 141.
With regard to the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary primary education of the Constitution of 1991, the problems faced in most of the education.
The success rate was 71 per cent of total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the participation of a primary basis was the following:
Women dominated the trade sector, where the women's report is 2 to 1, in the production of textiles and the service, and the food industry, as well as the production of rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used to be used.
(BDDD, 1996kk-Smitgengen, etc).
The head of the village is assisted by a middle, but a total of 121, 491 PF, 101 only were women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between the legitimate needs of security and the loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, it would like to know that there is figures about the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzzz asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive Sexual and Sexual Rights is subject to paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, two separate bodies or are the same, and if they deal with human rights or health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the process of negotiation, the contributions of United Nations organizations and international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure that would be adopted.
The Chairman hopes, however, that each organization represented the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, while reaffirming that it is at each country that is the primary responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a key role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Germany, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Germany, Germany, Germany, the Dominican Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden and Switzerland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
The Secretary-General's report on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, table 1).
A woman was appointed to the General Assembly of the Under-Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with on 10 January 2003).
Serious severe uncertainties showed that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned to the normal time.
It is necessary to ensure that, through training courses and sufficient support, the standards of development in the preparation of best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all issues raised by the provisions [the sub-paragraph (b) above or to apply to]]
Mr. Nitler (Sweden) (spoke in French): It endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supports the proposed reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/265).
Expressing grave concern at the continuing work of Israeli security in violation of international humanitarian law, the United Nations resolutions on the question and agreements reached between the parties, including the construction and expansion of the settlements in East Louis Abu Ghounaym and Ras al-Amoud in East Jerusalem and around
International cooperation in the area of protection of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening the relevant agencies in sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries to better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure the sustainability of the environment, the global environmental conventions are required.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system as the former, it is necessary to take into account the organization of the Secretariat, contained in bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in terms of which (sect. 1: “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal United Nations organs, has its headquarters in New York.
At the 5 level, the meeting is provided to the representatives and allows access to documents, as well as documents (CRP), in addition to documents available at the 4.
In considering the websites of the organizations or agencies, the official documents are posted on the Dacor, there was some evidence that some of them did not only be available by such a system.
The initial system responded to the needs during almost 10 years, which is much much of the speed of technological innovation.
The Board's view of these concepts should sometimes be carried out, and there is a long-standing task of the task, and a lot of time (one three six months) and it is a higher level when resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, including 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are often suspected to assist others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while we seek to provide such weapons or even not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as new and real and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
They attended representatives of 117 States, as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of the United Nations, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention Programme and Criminal Justice Programme and Intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Prevention and Security of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC seeks to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely policies for gender equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of the environment in government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the Environment, which had raised questions relating to material produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan Afghan people and in the same time calls for further to all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations in respect of the protection of refugees and displaced persons and to ensure access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific arrangements for the annual period or a long-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (the host Government”) by any member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with cooperation with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Office of Evaluation would be able to be able to be its efforts and could be able to lose.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been more low, the members of the Group on the list of “measures”, not not the lack of such laws, but because the rules of the continent had changed and that we have not been able to supervise the banking banks in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to the use of weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in many countries.
Unfortunately, it seems that, for a very small number of Member States, the question does not have a problem of the formulation or terminology, but that it is taking place of other factors that are very difficult, we have to be able to do so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights endorsed the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, including prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
It is increasingly a number of girls to girls and is that the construction of 12 noon in order to encourage students not leave school.
There is no data on female illiteracy in rural areas.
To be held on eight occasions, on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Note the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and of the activities of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines are being affected.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate that had been provided in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly on disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO is pleased to work with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been made, many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to follow up all commitments and define new commitments for full implementation of the objectives set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development which had made significant emphasis on the methods and programme of future work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in their difficult discussions during the past few months and that the commitment and dedication have led to the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Government of Liberia in Liberia with assistance provided by international organizations of experts in the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of projects of afforestation or reforestation projects under the CDM, which is issued for CERs submitted by ERUs,] a DOE shall be checked and verify prior to a adequate assurance of administrative insurance during the reporting period.
The amphetamine continues to be manufactured in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all services are working together and make their knowledge and knowledge in combating drug trafficking.
Such management and use is also essential for the quality of long-scale brigades and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Swedish police in the use of the pmmmm-mmmms, and provides educational materials on road safety.
If those who use traffickers deliberately, they are not very very exposed to ill-treatment during their loss, including the extortion of the United Nations system of immigration agencies or other responsible officials.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the General Assembly's role in peace and security will reaffirm the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “zzou, on behalf of which “vitititis” in Chinese, was bombed in outer space and a healthy income, except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the ground of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in Bunia, and reaffirms that such acts will not remain unpunished and that they have to address them.
Appendix A
Under the second draft resolution, entitled “International laws of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the Development of Private Trade Development, the General Assembly would wish to provide the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same topic adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopt relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/518)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far far.
The court filed a sentence of imprisonment of six years and six months of the Department of Tax fraud and a violation of the obligation to hold accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Reservations of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoyvava, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Obat Thisirsson, President of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected accomplishments.
The workshop, which was designed for the staff of Asian countries for the preparation of reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly to States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has then been improved, the Government had adopted, in the context of gender equality, a double approach to mainstreaming a gender perspective in its strategies and to develop policies and gender programmes, which enabled them to improve gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention are being carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Ecuador is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004 including salaries under the nine posts (1 D-1, 1 P-2, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service (Other level) will be held at $3006,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines for this nature will be incorporated in the guidance of programmes for 2004 and will include, as recommended by the audit on training of staff, direct costs for the design, design and implementation of training activities funded by the administrative budget, and the training projects managed by the Field Planning Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 9.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 115.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of sub-item (a) of item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of life activities taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and action taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, in the limits of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their responsibilities in security-related workers in the work of the Security Council on the ground, and, in extreme situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries only against the target of 19 had been identified, had reached their completion of mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between 24 and 025 hours, a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at the sea of Beirut (on 20 kilometres of the coast), in the leadership of Jouarand and until the west of Chakka (para. 11 km coast).
- The same day, at 215 49 a Israeli military aircraft fired a explosion in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the rule of six weeks to the issuance of documents and all relevant resolutions and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the Organization should refrain from documents on document or on its web site as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
In the near future, the establishment of the use of such prohibited goods will be given.
The annual budget for the childcare services for 2005 will be more than three of the estimated of 2000-2001 and those additional funds are in the most vulnerable areas.
In the context of the priorities of the priorities for 2002-2003, the goal of a number of 72 per cent of the rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was established.
The objectives were set out in the reduction of teenage pregnancies among pregnant mothers and measures are planned to improve the communication, promote education and to provide women's education services.
According to the agrarian plan in December 2000, OA National Health: a plan for exchange for exchange, NHS must ensure that health personnel is at same, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The heads of all organizations of the NHS in Scotland is also committed to implementing the programme by signing the Haitian Development Challenge of the Commission for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve the services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a project of partnership with advisory agencies, which could involve the equipment of the information centres, the courtroom and the complainant.
A strategy is currently developed, together with two main objectives: a more focused on women and children and to make awareness-raising on how they are available in security and protection, and reduce social tolerance of such offences as a result of which they have not been tolerated, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated in the last session of the Committee of Experts 661, a emergency plan to accelerate the process of negotiation of the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all issues highlighted by the head of the United Nations Programme for Iraq, in the report that he submitted to the Council on 29 September last, as well as not to be resolved, may be fully committed to the fact that it can be able to proceed in the best conditions and time frames.
It is very useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had been tried to make Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the recent efforts and difficulties that need to overcome and overcome them, as the United Nations Millennium Declaration will take lasting peace and development.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is the majority of the Council's choice to join and, during the past few years, Canadians, in their majority, showed that they would not benefit from violence, as well as the media.
Research is that, in relation to offences relating to crimes, it is necessary that there is a need for financial reasons, to be able to be able to move up and to make emphasis on prevention.
Also at the 2th meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Office, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The draft budget of the Court is based on the first part of the Organization, to identify a fair trial in a reasonable period.
A second hotline is the basis of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the technical support for the use of the system.
The Registry's structure, which is in the same functional approach, that used for other major programmes, is aimed at ensuring greater efficiency through the establishment of a common services of common services to the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three three groups within the participation of the participation and compensation of the Victims of Women in 2004, namely to the participation of the participation, sub-group and the Party of the Trust Fund.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel of staff, the President, Judges, judges and the Deputy Prosecutors for high-risk areas: 952 6911
It would also be responsible to advise the internal legal issues related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Under-Secretary-General explained that the amount of the contribution was only one of the calculation, whether the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rates could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to make more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is prepared in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the amendment of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a reservation fully complete.
The Office has developed a comprehensive and judicial document on legal and judicial reform, which was in the context of the progress achieved in the past 10 years, in anticipation of the mid-term Group of the Donors, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need to use more intensive measures to settle disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be informed to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; new measures have been taken by a relatively very relatively important consensus within the governmental coalition and hoped that the regulations will be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29-30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are critical to the sustainability of the current human rights and the environment, and the consent of traditional knowledge, and the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not be recognized, and the traditional property, and intellectual and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be compounded by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 500,000 to $15,000 FFF has been established as a result of this activity.
- Assistant Secretary-General;
The Civil Code regulates the family relationship, in its articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right to the right of birth and until the death, the enjoyment and exercise of all other rights unless otherwise applicable.
Studies were also conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of a land, the authorization of entering to the border may be obtained in border and border services.
Annex
There is no overlap between men and women in other families.
The recognition of the values and potential potential for the assistance of non-governmental organizations can provide the Government's Government's programme of cooperation with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Lesotho) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed that the inclusion of a “or commitment to fulfil” should not be added.
However, it was expressed about the fact that Variant B did not explicitly recognize the responsibility of the carrier and that its paragraph 1 said that the carrier was “ining its responsibility” without a view to which the carrier was entitled to do so.
The Working Group in its entirety endorsed the substance on the merits.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: South Africa, Algeria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Malaysia, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Swaziland, Togo, Togo, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other areas of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
That is the Iraqi regime that it has always to avoid war.
I would like to stress the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have much our debate on this important issue.
My delegation listened to the relevant comments by Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
One point could be the proposals made yesterday yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that would guide our own decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue the primary responsibility for international peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still many peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law to resist such occupation.
We also have other steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is:
Specific resources for the coordinator of the resident coordinator are expected to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets, for funding funds that UNDP manages the funds of the United Nations system, which would be submitted by the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners to lessons learned and confirmed that their policies and programmes meet women's concerns, those who affect and infected HIV/AIDS, those who are in conflict situations or conflict and that are not excluded from the participation of the decisions that affect their lives and their choice.
This proposal does not always reduce the recovery rate to take into account the interest rate, which is currently approximately 2 per cent.
The proposed support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to enable a comparison with changes in the volume of the activities approved for the fiscal period, the growth rate is expressed in the assistance of the provision used for approval of credit.
Regional offices
Burkina Faso reported the process of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter from 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in document S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 from 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
The project and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has seen a decline in income income by the State's lack of tariffs and taxes, and it has thus resulted in a reduction of public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was requested in connection with the Joint Advisory Group on Human Rights (WTO) by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, delegations were requested to strengthen cooperation, exchange and regional integration of South-South integration.
One speaker said that the working group was already a follow-up mechanism and the need to be held in order to examine studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group considered that States should focus on the elimination of protectionist barriers to exports of developing countries and to remove some economic sectors that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate the work, including the recommendations, as appropriate.
The group drew questions to the Director of the project on the treatment of water, the quantities of chlorine in each year, the quantities of sinks containing water, the number of employees and entities that provide chlorine.
It also stressed the importance of effective collaboration, responsible and predictable in this area.
Studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution, a resolution which would not request Israel to comply with the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes on a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Ethiopia, Ghana, Ghana, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables tables
Analysis and valuation 82
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
In the number of these instruments, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the atmosphere, outer space and water, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the activities of States on the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into effect on 23 June 1961, established the first maritime zone of the demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus adopted by the draft resolution.
Iraq recognized that it had not been paid to these changes.
I believe that we are very honest, we must recognize that the word of innocence is left, no need to do so.
The last part of the conclusions.
Background general implications: the development and fight of poverty, if gaps in productivity in countries and countries are reduced through skills mobilization, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
It is therefore important for the strengthening of institutional capacity, skills and promotion of entrepreneurship, as well as the impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes, and the effectiveness of the experience and expertise of the programmes and expertise are provided in the context of eight UNIDO modules.
The Treaty of the Non-Aligned Movement, establishing a International Monetary, Economic and Social Organization entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German Agreement on the preparations and organization of the first election of the first election in the Bundestaga of 3 September the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have legally binding at the national level, the ratification of these instruments, but also because in article 25 of the Basic Law of the most recent States have a higher authority for the legal and obligations of the inhabitants of the Federal Territory, as they can be interpreted as the general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties included a separate section to the question of the participation of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Sweden), but a few number of Parties addressed the question under another perspective, on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies with regard to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict is essential to maintain a minimum of cooperation in the environment to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the deterioration of a sustainable environment.
It should be necessary where the construction of new waste facilities, to provide the use of such water facilities.
The quality of waste waste in both and vulnerable areas, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement, it should be used to use the installation of the installation of the aircraft in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the budget budget
Mr. Briga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year was a major momentum for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and the education of indigenous peoples and cultures to promote better understanding between cultures.
After having received additional information and details, the Committee considered the question in several formal meetings and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In first, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, depending on their means, to fulfil the fundamental role of its work.
Article 12
(g) It is important to ask special rapporteurs and representatives to take into account the functions they are assigned and to keep them to address issues that are not beyond their competence.
The Committee finds that the Special Committee on the question of Palestine's question of Palestine's work has greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a key element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, based on appropriate way.
(a) Notes with concern that there were a high proportion of staff members of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, efforts to be taken;
(c) The programme of General Service services are not related to the functions of the Professional/A Professional and higher staff for all offices, and therefore the need for support to support, function of the local situation and the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
The first time, since the crisis of Cuba, that the peoples of the world will take the position of two options around a crisis of this reality, and is a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, a peaceful settlement, is a war, with a war, with the serious consequences of such a act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months on the ground, it is to be noted that through the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, the Inspectors have often access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private houses.
The peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are forced from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They shall not take a disciplinary measure or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or that the society does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was pointed out that it was necessary to change its positions and to explore any opportunity to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Great Excellency Mr.
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-3), a draft budget was prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
In Afghanistan, South Africa, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Congo
The Syrian Arab Republic is asking — or to anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the vote of the wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what reasons for the establishment of a senior government body is essential for the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening international public service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union concurs with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum amount of medical education and the allowance for studies in the country and the currency areas listed in paragraph 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the Committee's recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and reimbursement of the costs of the rental costs (para.
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total of bank deposits has increased progressively, with a increase of 6 per cent in the six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection, a brief presentation and action.
Mexico believes that a real reform must be made to be provided on five basic criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually been expanded to services.
Purpose and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and to move against the goal of access to, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the encumbered assets may have a effect to increase the supply of credit, because secured creditors would have the insurance that their real rights would not be injured by the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor is ready to be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets will be made to be a balance of the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take into consideration of difficult trade decisions.
Termination clauses
In addition to greater transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limitations imposed on the powers of the representative of insolvency on the types of contracts considered in this section.
However, even if such a approach was adopted, the insolvency representative may open a procedure to recover the assets or their value to the debtor when it would not return.
As noted above, however, there can be a number of a total of a total of the enterprise and that the continued use of its exploitation in a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not claim and, in some cases, the functions overlap or will not be relevant to the insolvency law.
In general rule, the Committee will be able to speak on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions entrusted to the latter, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is established (and that recruit professionals), it may be able to use the obligation to require its members (and professional professionals) that they sign the confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are of general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should be aware of a clear and precise manner to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes of certain rights that are proposed, or are set out of the minimum requirements, for example that the plan should provide payment of certain claims.
In practice, the time may move from 10 days (see chap.
Recommendations on the notification of the opening shall provide for the protection of the debtor, requiring the request to be notified and by giving the possibility of the possibility of the author's claim
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Persons of Persons in Tax Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to this year, the programme is responsible to provide support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Coordinating Council of the Heads of United Nations agencies.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by the Chairman commending the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced, in the context of a private meeting held with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force in the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained a majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Collen Vixin Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlanrrrounoun (Côte d'Ivoire) and the Committee members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a term of three years on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these powers are in good and timely.
The Foundation is proud to provide an effective electronic communication services that allow G-77 to meet the growing needs of information and communication.
This is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and important issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002, organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (about 100 participants);
Investment-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric, and women and young girls of vulnerable groups for sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, ex-combatants were the only people to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations provides a comprehensive training manual for the United Nations peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to be more effective in situations where the reconstruction of reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to make adequate relief and compensation.
Web sites of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president/
During the 12 years, Saddam Hussein has made the Security Council resolutions.
We are today in the rapid growth, sustained by a strong research programme for development, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Assembly of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the most recent resolution of resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of the annual sessions should be translated into a number of 3006,300, based on the full cost of the biennium 2004-2005.
They include that the exercise of the right to water without discrimination without any respect and impose that measures to ensure effective, concrete and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, may request the State Party to provide additional information in 2006-20071.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The Web site is based on division 2.1 to whether the content contains more than 85 per cent, in mass, the components of non-use components, and whether the chemical test is equal or more than 30 to 30;
“For United Nations No. 3175, the test of the year is not required when the cash is fully absorbed in a strong sense of the content.
The draft paragraph after “Eopt will be completed at the level of the draft version.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace “the industrial industry of the type of 1 (b.g. IP.org, “public industrialization of 2 (c.g. IP.org. ".org. ".P.P.P., “colis of type I - P.org.
The paragraphs 6.1.4.7 of 6.1.4.7.6 to 6.1.4.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.4.4.4.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 respectively respectively.
6.2.2.3.3 Project management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kinyeye pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that it is not in the country, they can not be subjected to the perpetrators of crimes.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders are seeking to establish NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without it to support the dangers of the mass erosion, we can like to recognize that it was used with success to ensure development and stability in other countries and other regions.
There has been a number of years over the past two years, but the amount remains far below the rate of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued leadership and responsibility of Africa, working in sustained development of the continent, will contribute to the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first international international instrument which covers trade products in biotechnology products.
• Out of the release of pollutants and chronic weather-based sources;
No. 6663636
As the Secretary-General indicated in his last report, good note was taken, in the review of activities undertaken in 1999 by the Commission on Helmets, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and experience in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, signed A/AC.268/2002/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the discharge of its functions to the international peace service, excluding those who died from natural causes or a accident, after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of law and training;
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs continue to be held until the election of their successors and shall be re-election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate that the conditions function is better and can be used in a innovative manner, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates that it is a document of the United Nations.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed to the end of other speakers expressed the proposal made by Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this topic.
There is a risk of overlap and overlap.
The family, which is the core group of society and the natural environment for the use of and well-being of all members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions, killing, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have not access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far far from a world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and a wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugees, especially minors, and children displaced in their countries, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45/45 of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 C of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Children's protection problems — against abuse and sexual exploitation, are the major obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were developed to develop legislation for severe penalties for traffickers recognized guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget budget, as well as in section 24 of Human Rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The amount would cover the costs of approximately 12 military personnel/military officers ($888,200, and a increase of two national staff and consultants ($005,000) and consultants (15,000 and consultants (15,000) and consultants (15,000) and consultants (15,000) and consultants (15,000) and consultants (1006,300) and consultants (1006,300) and consultants ($006,300); the costs of operational costs (18102,100, and the United Nations information and training programmes ($314,500).
Consideration of the work programme: draft programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations and to 9 July 2003 respectively to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request to the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajjho, to make a briefing to the Council under article 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the Council's provisional rules of procedure for the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still very high, and is a artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs reiterated that the conviction without any conviction in its relationship with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories as well as the excessive use of force against the Palestinians of innocent Palestinians.
However, it also took note of the various views that had been expressed in the Working Group on the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24 to 71). The Committee agreed to recommend the secretariat to follow up the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in the light of the scope of the study of the study, which could arise from other instruments of other organizations that could arise in the preparation, and to consider with those organizations relevant to the implementation of the study, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed to the secretariat of the current workload.
The enterprises who have engaged in legitimate business activities should not be afraid of their identity or institution.
(i) To make a new reduction of nuclear non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral actions and in the context of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation and Weapons of any measure that would undermine its strong commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Parliament of the State states that when they consider for ratification of the documents to be submitted in the context of the participation of Latvia in the partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the Russian Federation and the European Communities and their member States, other States, to determine whether the Latvia would carry out its obligations on human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of cases of cases to develop indicators for the different factors and that they are both and more robust.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Through the simplified interface, it is possible to do not only only the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Mindful of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be reviewed to determine whether they can be applied.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary may also, however, the candidates contained in paragraph 5 of article 3, paragraph 5 of the two candidates that the names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, who shall be responsible for the appointment of the judge of International Education and that it will be the floor.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
The claim of the KUF Social Commission on the time of the development of the KS K Kaniani 56 - 95 22
The GAFCO has assessed the fuel of fuel and A-1 to the cost of the replacement of the replacement of the cost of the United Nations.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it had found in 1994, although the figures of actual production is available.
Ms. Pham Th Ngaga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution had not made the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is ironable on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed to the international community on the establishment of a International Criminal Court for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November last, Mr. Guma, mother of seven children, was killed by a terrorist attack in the same side.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
Since then, the international community has provided its readiness to the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently made a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall will be contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while a day of the death of all of all its members, we must recognize that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustice that will not be treated.
In contrast, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, transfire of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, there may be some of those accused who are lost and that others are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution establishes the family as a entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides the establishment of the country's development committees, which should be at least one woman of their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for these trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer of the process would allow that cases were completed in the time, as the President said, the judicial process was not easy.
Subprogramme 2
It is why the solutions that could prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, as a whole of nuclear weapons.
In competition to export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and credit for export, but not a clear or precise objective.
Welcomes, in this regard, the creation, by the Community, the Women of Women's Women, which aims to empower women, including their access to access, in good conditions, credit and technology;
Such a project is in the South Asia in Central Asia.
Description
Contents
Some participants emphasized the need to study the possibility of establishing a United Nations Stabilization Fund that would play the role of the support mechanism to assist in responding to the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Mindful of the importance of collaboration between the organizations of the United Nations Global Climate Change System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty is removed from the laws on the criminal sanctions of two of the two members and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish a Open-ended working group on ways of improving the predictability of funding.
In particular, the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions imposed damage and substantial financial and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of special circumstances or force (in natural disasters, threats of famine, insecurity, insecurity, resulting from the administration of the country, in order to prevent humanitarian catastrophe.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in cases.
The sponsor delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force in force to prevent the humanitarian catastrophe, and should be decided to be held in a satisfactory manner with regard to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to know and the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the principle of the work of the Committee against Terrorism.
In fact, despite the slight amendment that recommended by the Panel of Governmental Experts, the concerns of members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the experience of the United States system, in particular the fact that the experience of the past years has shown that the experience of the past few types of conventional weapons, which would not be held in a universal contribution.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
In my delegation, this is a historic opportunity that the Republic of San Marino has the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States elected by the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, if appropriate, your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and proceedings
Source: The Hague Conference, Conventions of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available on www.uncch.net/f/documents/index.html).
The obstacles to the full and full participation of women in political life, rather of their origin in traditional attitudes of society, there is a need for resistance, the proportion of men, with the fact that women can play a role in a decision-making process.
The trial of one of the Kosovo, accused of the warlords of April in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research-based research-based activities, as well as space-based space operations, are designed and carried out in Omolo by the research teams in the area of the Gasas, through networking, air storage and materials.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development had not been designed to be able to double employment with other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a comprehensive and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already resulted in strengthening the capacity of Somali institutions in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Source: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the seventh session of the measures taken to implement the present decision.
“The village of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who have not been able to protect it.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the improvement of the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, such as private and private organizations, and multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all regions affected;
Ms. Silot Brao (Cuba) said that to address the question at a meeting of the expanded office was to be a negotiated solution, given the views expressed by the expanded office, with informal informal consultations, which would not reflect those of the Commission in its entirety.
(iv) All of the costs and outputs of the representative of the Secretary-General to serve as the Secretary-General to serve as the International Conference and Monitoring of the period of six months as described above, after those costs will be the burden of the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism by using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the framework of three phases of the Committee against Terrorism, as well as the establishment of the legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the institutional arrangements used for the implementation of legislation, and to develop international cooperation in terrorism.
Its production base continues to be very low.
In spite of the lengthy periods of hope, we hope that a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been a theatre of armed confrontation during other phases and periods, which have taken a profound impact on the efforts of Egypt to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic minorities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag flag provides the maritime sector to conduct the illegal traffic of arms and drug trafficking and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In the case of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military tribunals of the Armed Forces”.
Participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, including representatives of public organizations, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT claims that it had been honoured to preside on the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has initiated its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President is a representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to fulfil its functions, or whether the State member has a representative of the Executive Board to be a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Chairmen as President of the Executive Board until a new President was elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that there is a long time that there can be agreement on the way to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was presented in the form of a subvention to streamline the link between the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Cearch for development) by the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme is expected to take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions of the Committee should be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women and to take action, where appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I to the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A representative of a minority recommended that self-reliance for the people of Islam in a specific region of the Nigerian territory, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and full participation of the resources.
The term “other minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use for discussions and further depth.
It should be encouraged to encourage training courses for minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It is, however, to make a new consensus on the question of the public sector in energy development for sustainable development (which could be a example of example to set out the political policy objectives, to establish priorities and guide markets, without prejudice to the market forces not only to address the energy reduction of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be qualified as “re””: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific legislation.
(c) The two military aircraft of C-1650 aircraft from the FIR of Ankara, entered into the FIR of Nicosia, violating the airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, violating national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled over the occupied territory of the Republic of Cyprus, which has been used in the direction of the east.
There is a need for long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently, in Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in the absence of emergency peace operations, with a view to more complex partners, with a view to which many different partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Office in Geneva to discuss with the areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujal (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank your delegation for having given a particular issue that the human rights of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the agenda of the Council's work.
A ecosystem approach involves the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Any measures to reduce risks, particularly the political risks, which are to be involved in sustainable management of forests in emerging economies;
However, the United States has not done so that they have provided money to Iranian nationals after armed missiles flying a Iranian airspace in the territory of Iran.
The training of students in knowledge management, particularly relating to accounting
(b) Analysis of analysis and design of systems (the agenda, which covers computer issues, is a treaty in the module.
The Government of Israel is headed by a mass terrorist act, and Ariel Sharon, who had participated in the massacre of Al Qassem in 1956, ordered the killing of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the budget for conference services, to ensure that the resources provided under temporary temporary assistance would meet the full application of the current costs;
Paragraph 2 would be very close in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32 and would therefore be entitled “Every of the damage that may be required for the implementation of the project is carried out in accordance with sub-paragraph ... (b) would be followed by the wording that are currently currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, which may be used by a reference to existing shipping.
It could be possible to add a second term to the French version.
The model provision, as amended, is approved and transferred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISHLY] Annex II
(f) That, as is proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner where they have been released and, in addition, they were released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of giving their rights;
The study revealed that the work of the Secretariat's administrative services would not provide full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt more modern practices as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as to the request made in its resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two are fully fully and freely access to Myanmar and all all cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur shall be subjected to any kind of intimidation, harassment or enforcement;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, dated behalf of ... April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, at its fifty-eighth session, and to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
• There should be a serious need to dismantle the major companies of mining companies by the State, as well as the MVam and MSOA (Minister of Bakaksanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those activities;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country,
The unutilized balance is mainly due to the decision that had been not allowed to purchase new sources of power, the generators available that could be repaired through spare parts of the reservation and are sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of global action require the granting of the family of protection and assistance as possible, and that the family of various forms, which vary in cultural, political and social systems,
The Goorburg Group visited the problems of the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the role of which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme of Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building developed by the United Nations system entities and planning entities (and private and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support to the formulation and implementation of legislation, inter-ministerial coordination and training on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on those items and draft resolutions, and discussed by 11th to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 to 15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team has completed its mission after six hours, and then returned to the Baas Nina Ninaawa in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Internal Oversight Services informed that they have been able to participate in the meeting.
It should recognize the importance of high-level services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who have a entity of the private sector or working, in particular, as a means of such a entity, to seek or accept any act or to refrain from any act or to refrain from any act or to refrain from any State or entity, in order to carry out any act or to refrain in its duties [with a financial, financial or commercial operation, which cause harm to the private sector in question].
(j) Identifying, freeze and trace the funds of illicit origin derived from corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to the Convention take into account regional mechanisms and to avoid duplication of duplication.
Text taken from the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (No. 32) presented a “without measures”.
For this year, a estimate is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of difficulty in improving greater resources in most complex cases;
Agenda item 84
Furthermore, the thematic meetings of the treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent human rights protection in a area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Office, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under agenda item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate the consideration of the Committee on Human Rights.
In response to the commitment of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, the States that have to have to make tangible progress in the context of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forests of forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and prejudice to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (such as highly discouraged in Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made, approves the proposal of the Secretary-General that a electoral unit would be held within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral presence in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter from 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It strives to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador included five women in the Embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Ovovo (Ecuador) said that the constitutional amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which has occurred in the Congress on first reading and is held on a second reading.
Resolution 1486 (2003)
The General Assembly No. 336, which will re-establish the National Commission on Action against piracy and terrorism as a National Civil Aviation Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The exchange of views that have been followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
MUR African Energy Movement
M.E. Mr.
However, it may be necessary to take a number of factors in particular, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of a agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR on the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The critical task remains to correct the effects of violence and to address the current violations in all developing countries to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Increased statistical capacity;
The first results of the work of the Community allows a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the International International Organization on the basis of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29.24.24 Planning of programmes and the preparation of the budget is under the Planning Planning Division and Budget.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Trust Fund of the Institute for 31 December 2003 should be converted to 735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” reflects the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicoole Valia (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
In the exception of publications for the sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the Official Records of the Official Gazette may be accessed by the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan) LXT = Lx Air Air Air (Egypt); NL = L-one Air Air Airways (anded by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Transport Transport Services Ltd.
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal use by the security forces of the security forces, both and other non-treatment and other non-treatment, threaten the sustainable stabilization of economic stability and cannot discourage capital flows by foreign investors.
The United Nations must play a more active role in negotiations.
In some cases, disappearances of weapons of weapons would be, according to the testimonies collected, the terrorist acts of the accident.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population infected.
However, the country offices will be able to make better lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - objectives and objectives
Press conferences
The state of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of the programmes of action were among key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and the practices of Islamophobia.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the bodies and institutions of the United Nations to develop and implement codes of conduct to prohibit any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations personnel, services providers by the Organization and humanitarian agents, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their competence;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research on research to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the session of 1990 on improving the effectiveness and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036) the Conference invited non-members of the United States, Jordan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, United States, Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, Kuwait, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, Saint Marino, Saint Marino, Saint Marino and Montenegro, Singapore, Slovenia, Pakistan, Thailand, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Ministers would seek further action on all of these security issues.
It is concerned at the increasingly possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.1, A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 and A/C.57 and A/C.57 and A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/58/214, A/580, and A/58/61); 121 (Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: improvement and modernization of the conference of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (A/58/214, A/58/7 and A/58/7/Add.1); 121 (Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi, in order to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences (A/58/5300);
Encourages countries to submit, in particular, national reports, at the session of the Commission on the consideration of the Commission's consideration of progress in the implementation, including the results achieved, difficulties and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which prohibits trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the achievement of sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to include a assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in the implementation of the objectives, the inventory of the issues and challenges of the United Nations system and a transparent information system and a transparent communication system and a transparent and transparent information system, a summary of information information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has helped to develop educational materials, train trainers and senior officials, and provide technical and financial support to the organization of training courses by trainers.
The total total amount of the amount of USD 1,432,422, in respect of the interests and the amount of USD 17,784,951 of the three instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will focus to ensure that regional initiatives by different agencies or organizations are a result of synergy.
The Fifth Committee considered the status of the implications of the programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as indicated below, to be required for the biennium 2004-2005: Chapter 2, General Assembly and Conference-servicing conference, 1004,600; section 4, Disarmament, 200200; section 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
In its host country programme, the Government shall immediately provide adequate housing, food supplies and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempted to find a working work, thereby providing a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is able to complete its core statistical centre and census, in order to improve data collection and updating a gender balance.
There is a more frequent literature on the contribution of human rights in general poverty reduction, and examples of best practices in many countries.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Assembly No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it possible to reduce such jobs in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible in the law of local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in a more pragmatic manner;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides a overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue dialogue that has been launched in Johannesburg on the issue of debt cancellation in the ecology and sustainable development.
There has been cases in the past where the meetings of States parties had been delayed, or not left from the lack of a quorum.
At the occasion of the Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the Office of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights held several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the award of Price Award.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when the provisions of chapter 8 to the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Club had supported the implementation of the instrument to the transport of the goods, and indicated that, if difficulties could be seen with a system of a limited system, it was to be noted that the transport industry, in a large extent, adopted a network of a network for multimodal transport, including the Conference's Conference/ITC and the United Nations Transport Agreement.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should implement a rule of non-expendable property, it was reiterated that the bulk of this item was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to those damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Employment Employment Network by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat for the Employment of Youth, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, in the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvot Clarke (Barbados).
In accordance with the posts approved to 30 June 2003, the staffing would be strengthened from 26 staff staff for the International Service (PPS), 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-3, 5 P-3, 5 P-2-2), 29 staff staff and 74 General Service Service (Other level), 537 staff recruited in the country, including 25 Professional staff, and US United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be headed by a Secretary-General (Other level) (Other level) and a driver (in the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked on the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Rights, the Federal Federal Office of Gender Equality and Men and the Swiss Association of Representatives to gender equality between women and men, and is concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, p. 3.
Resolution 1998/46, paras.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard in line with the development process of the IAEA standards with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the Review Committee.
Option 3
In our great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken a position to redeploy the United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, in order to fulfil the tasks of the Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care are also very difficult in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations had been a setback.
Among those, the National Women's National Forum is a forum of consultation and dialogue, a multi-ethnic and representative-based dialogue, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and policy policy for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set up guidance for the legalization of such groups, training of their members of the social organization and capacity-building in the departments of Chiimimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
World Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by the holding of a international symposium on the various aspects of commercial fraud and where different parties could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested to benefit the consultative status with UNIDO: the World Trade Organization (GEF).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities consider serious consideration of the adoption of such measures and would make the light of the fact that the “in-cent”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to distribute the chairpersons of a model for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They noted that the African Union was the outcome of the common vision of a united United Nations and strong world that would enable the African continent to meet the challenges that the continent and its peoples must face the changing social, economic and political changes that have taken into the world.
They emphasized that such institutions should be to resist some countries using such a transboundary means to defend their interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to the country's needs to meet the needs of affected populations, without them to influence the degree of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the location where it is the urgency that it requires humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no foreign bank agency nor no vehicle of the United Nations system is not funds, financial assets or resources from individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this area and the regional commissions of the United Nations,
Convinced that the responsibility for road security is the authority to the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic debate (e-first session will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism in accordance with the Penal Code in the offences of the Act, allows the Office of the Anti-Money-Money Laundering Act to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization of Women's Defence Adviser and the Proin-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-Charge of the United Nations High Commissioner of India.
It should, in turn, contribute to the development of national and regional policies, establishing sustainable management of land resources and to bring a qualitative and quantitative improvement of agricultural land and increase agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies with the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and religious events, as well as their history, their vision of Euro-Atlantic, spiritual and values.
The end of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the impasse in which it is currently in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increasing risk of nuclear weapons, had created a precarious situation that that States non-nuclear-weapon States is absolutely necessary for negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Accordingly, they must be ensured by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow to allow the Conference in a manner or to leave the word of the potential of obstacles to or because our sense of power is to reduce the weapons.
During the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team has initiated dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officials have ensured the integration of the rights and protection of the child in peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff is re-elected by a organization that apply the United Nations common regime of 12 months after the end of a period of time, the amount of the time to which the number of months, or days of salary leave to the end of the period, add the number of months, or days of treatment that have been paid to the end of previous periods, it does not exceed the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would have been paid to the amount of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only the claims for the completed period of 2 May 1990 or after this date is the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amount of compensation for compensation may be compensated.
The Committee “E2” identified the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for different locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims that had before it, in order to identify the zone and the extension of compensation (“the claim of compensation”).
Canada agreed the Chair for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the African Republic of South Africa, 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will make a assessment of best practices in recent planning activities and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly than by the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new United Nations personnel arrangements (as indicated in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum time of deployment for the deployment of the deployment team will be at 90 days, after which they will return to their duty station.
A CD-ROM training project entitled “The Department of Disarmament” was recently completed and sent to a pilot mission in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions has been strengthened by the establishment of training units in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a clear code of conduct should be applied to all personnel to peacekeeping missions, where military, civilian or civilian police officers, even if disciplinary procedures vary on staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address.
Lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities that has a potential demand, including the construction costs will be high, and require expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is also developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other hand — when a person has been committed to the new need to receive care and travel.
After considering the studies of studies and interesting opinions, a participant stressed the need to find a just environment between the self-regulation and the public law to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within the developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered as a result of several participants and was noted that ISAR could play a role.
New York University University of Business
University of Stungony
United Nations Decade for Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with rule 15, the gaps identified were reported to the claimants in order to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Committee is assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but it was not able to determine whether they had been little time before or after the date of the arms embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries from August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced in the activity of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been sensitive to support that he provided a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
On 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are visited by women.
- The leaders and leaders of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide their assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through terrorists or groups or terrorist organizations, through or through funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or transactions on funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, indicating that it performs its jurisdiction on the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case specified by paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Convention;
This law, which is not not changed, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the Code of the United States Act (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
On the basis of the United Nations Development Mechanism, it is defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, in particular and collectively, to assist the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, including the members of the United Nations High Commissioner, which was not fully fulfilled its role, which had adopted a careful approach.
To the Global Mechanism
The curfews continues to continue, but not as a result of 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998 attended experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention shall be secured in a constitution or other laws and, in the absence of the extent, if such provisions may be invoked in the case, courts and administrative authorities and whether they may have their use;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded by voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for reconstruction and the development of Djibouti”, which provides a overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
With regard to the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should be improved in the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of the defence service system is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its session of 2002;
This figure is less lower than 2001 in 2001 is due to the increasing concerns of the security situation of the attacks from 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to limit their entry on their territory.
In 1998, many evidence were submitted to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
A empirical survey — the Government considered that a survey was needed to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action on the basis of which it would be based on the degree of awareness-raising in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information and clarification.
According to law enforcement agencies, Brazil has followed training on the training of the Training Centre on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(e) The proposed resolution also requires restrictions on the services related to the list and activities of brokering.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of non-post and products that could be used for torture or to impose the death penalty or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was stated that, on specific cases referred to in the report, it should impose the port's possession during long periods, in cases of transfer to a prison, as punished, constitutes a violation of the Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (article 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in the incident may be accessed on the web site, at the following cluster: http://www.admin.ch/ch//f/m/m.html (23 October 2002).
In terms of this article, if the Court established, on the basis of the evidence of the evidence of a member of the High Commissioner, a member of the High Commissioner, a person or control of funds or to facilitate the commission of such a offence, it shall be a motion on a request, unless the defendant or any other person have established its satisfaction that funds were not used or used to be used.
The “State group” is defined by reference to the Framework decision, i.e., the structured association of two persons, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic cooperation, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002 to ensure that the Overseas Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all of its savings in the country, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held a emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States had decided to draw the training of special social workers, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean have some years to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Provide the availability of multinational biological resources and to identify land and marine areas that should be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory to be used to plan, or shall not be on its territory and not to host them, nor to provide them, or to provide them, or to provide them, or to do so, or not to use the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African Ocean in endemic malaria, and some mountain regions in many countries are threatened by malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors to provide the library.
(b) To develop the appropriate legislative framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world of historical changes and the greatest impact in which the forces of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, in the extent that the current disparities that some international officials can easily be able to provide the administrative court.
In its part, the administration should follow the requests of the administration of justice bodies, the obligation to which it often often.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gcocooche (Cuba) said that it is to avoid the consensus that his delegation agreed in paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhed (Algeria) said that his delegation attaches particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing also in mind the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation from other members of the Council.
Assistance and principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China, and hoped that the Chinese people, both co-sponsors of Taiwan Strait, will be resolved in a peaceful manner.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to include item 167 in agenda item 167 of the fifty-eighth session.
Exchange rate of November 2002.
This supports the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at ensuring greater awareness of policymakers and the public community of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by the United Nations system and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space and to improve the management of natural resources in the planet.
Viet Nam has committed to build a strong and prosperous nation, equitable and democratic society, through human rights at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After then the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all of the seven seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities also prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits, limiting the freedom of expression of the expression of power by Cyprus, issued by Israeli troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are contained in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Panel discussion
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of the most vulnerable agricultural workers in the face of the effects of the most likely to be achieved.
These activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, a part of one of one, important importance is to address the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement their obligations as well as effective and effective.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work, under the leadership of Member States, by 12 to the Committee that the Committee had established, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and calls upon Member States to support the United Nations system in conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the United States of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting to the meeting of 6 March took place at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More than we see us to do so.
Is this is a definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of a number of staff officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that arise on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
In first, it focuses on the quality and availability of health services.
Of 2833 women (13.3 per cent) to 1423 teachers.
A total of reproductive health indicators included the ninth Plan of Health and the second World Health Plan (Table 8).
In order, it is informed and educated the population at the level of family care, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information programmes, education and communication (I), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All United Nations system institutions require tangible safeguards for loans.
The São Paulo summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never taken a challenge of this kind.
Liechtenstein welcomes this trend and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people of HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community's efforts to their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of a convention on remote sensing, it is expected that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it is before two principles that they consider:
Rape has been used in all impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terror the civilian population.
There was 10 years, violence against women was a very unacceptable issue.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate crimes committed against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate these crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur encourages the establishment of a Ombudsman or any monitoring mechanism in all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides a overview of the obligations of international human rights law by transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, even as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health services in many regions, a violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Georgian economy was somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy debt and high unemployment rate at 12 per cent (see official).
Accordingly, they have said that the failure of the Secretary-General of Georgia under Article 19, and still less than non-compliance with the commitments made in the three plans of arrears due to the independent circumstances of its duties.
The Global Drug Control Programme has participated in a assessment of offshore financial activities at the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned interventions for 2003 and beyond the need to include national health and development capacities, the strategic planning of the gender component and young people of the National Strategy to Combat HIV/AIDS and support to this component and the promotion of a development approach for orphans who are to be protected in the past;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with satisfaction the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This approach is the result of your skills and effectiveness, as well as you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here, in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has focused in the years of making a greater focus on TCDC in the context of its work programme using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Royal Police of Brunei Darussalam, in cooperation and coordination with other national peacekeeping agencies, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded in the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, the delegation has the honour to request that agenda item 108 of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of crime and criminal justice”, is also considered in plenary, and that the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signing of the signature Conference, which will be held in Mr. Abda (Yayat) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
At the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Improving the United Nations: a programme of reform”.
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
progressive development of the principles and standards of international law on the new economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the draft optional draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had had a further number of general issues regarding the scope of the application of the Organization (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
It is also clear that they are, in addition, the efforts made by African countries and support by the international community and the United Nations system, providing an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is vital and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not provide adequate resources to consider all activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) by the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the decline of the global production of opium, increased from approximately 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one of a third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided a number of replies (14.4 per cent), the Americas 207,7.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28,6 per cent), and Oceania 2 per cent) and Oceania 2.2 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
That is a real situation where the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, he had left this opportunity, I would not like to point me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 public schools and four secondary education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative narrative of section 35 (the development of development) by the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CEPP).
The border is therefore committed, however, further strengthened by resolution 1507 (2003) of the Security Council, which calls on both parties to recognize and respect territorial integrity and sovereignty.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of the Pristina region (the Pristina region) remained vacant, no candidate who would not be submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs in five municipalities, namely Kosovojeje, Ljanjan and Obilic (in the region of Pristina), No. Brooo (Pacific region) and Zvanan (the Mitrovica region), was aware of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments for the achievement of the environment and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the work programme.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and a electronic forum on best practices concerning social and environmental responsibility in the Internet sector (1); a database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); based on environmentally environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction, and the web site of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (2);
NEPAD is a comprehensive socio-economic development programme of the continent, and that it must also be treated to a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights
Recognizing the importance of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and ensure that it is recognized and without discrimination;
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, global, global, global efforts, that the General Assembly adopted its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view to rationalization and efficiency, and to facilitate the access to information that it needs to fulfil its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of women's rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, and to submit, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of types;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has stated that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for a timely implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Committee on Human Rights, on exemptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including by working with international donors to the training of officials responsible for the implementation of laws, which are appropriate to protect and defend human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the reform measures for the prison regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43 of the Convention, which includes the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at 10th, expressing the hope that this amendment will be able to effectively implement the new Optional Protocols to the Convention and the hope and also hope that the Committee will be able to address the work of the Committee,
(g) To provide mutual assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition of extradition relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including to obtain evidence of evidence, and are necessary for the purposes of proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2005/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2005/L.2, as follows, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2005/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women have become more than men, the gap between the age, and that the status of older women in the world must be a priority,
It was understood that the reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred by their participation in the United Nations peacekeeping force.
In this regard, the Secretariat had discussions on this topic with the Secretariat to ensure that, in addition to the timely information provided in the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had provided 46 aircraft in 2002 to 2013 on 22 helicopters and 2400 hours and 24 hours and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaleonon announced that, at the request of UNEP, a Advisory Committee of Judges had been established to further strengthen cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted the Member States and received written comments on the following topics:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
B. B. Gggum pages
Often, the “Arab”” are involved in the maintenance of this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not able to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the basis where they are.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who have been arrested in checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000 or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred in the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthememy, by their dedication and their availability, honour to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 reflects the costs of the Commission's meetings, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technologies;
In this area, two Palestinians, including a 15--year boy, Mohammed Rabe Sabe, have found death.
Developments in peace process
However, among the month of July and September 2002, some serious acts of which are guilty of the ordinary armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in conflict is far far.
One member of Eastern European States;
Noting that, in fact, some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not presented, and that delays in the process of review, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because time will be time to change the management of financial management and focus on products and results rather than on inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, it had achieved the objectives set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people through the world.
They can be used in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights of the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in that regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Affairs.
It also commends the State party's efforts to provide awareness of its relationship with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including through possible consultation on their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to set out the concluding comments of the bodies.
In connection with general observation, it was estimated that it should be placed on gender equality among men and women.
The individuals and groups should have equal access, without equal treatment, the information of public authorities or third parties on water, water supply and environment.
The operation of the “One a Peace of Peace” has enabled the peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon from 15 million to the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify their efforts to take measures to promote confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a series of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective approach have emerged.
We will not meet those goals that facilitate the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers of mines, destroying the use of mines, by providing assistance to victims, through providing assistance to the victims, by providing assistance to the victims, in order to bring new States to become formally signed to the Convention and to accede to its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means to improve the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some adjustments in the context of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice of a person who commits or attempted to commit a person of such acts.
“bis bis.
If the murder is committed by the author, it has led to a vehicle in the town of the summer, under the effect of drug or medicine that do not affect their personality or in a situation which undermines or reduce their mental capacity, the death penalty or physical or physical capacity, the death penalty of the person shall be subject to the same of these circumstances.
Each of the files reviewed and the arguments heard, the President of the Committee's recommendations on contracts for approval by the Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding in Brazzaville, 14 to 17 May 2003, from the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced that we need to contribute to effective and coordinated efforts to address the challenge posed by anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, there is no social guarantee in the DGG Act for young people who enter their training.
Social security of social security included in the system
The beneficiaries of the total spouse and the spouses or separated spouses, or with marriage was declared.
That is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is an example of a principle that would guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution-making records for housing facilities, and actions for rehabilitation;
In these agreements the central and self-government agreements continue to know their respective normative skills, as they are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount of the amount.
A solution may be to provide children, as well as the younger age, educational education and raising awareness of gender equality in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case stems from the general principles of the law of corporate companies by civil nations and non-proliferation of customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case have led to States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to resolve their disputes with the host State, to be used by the International Court for Peace Disputes, and to the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes in the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes of States and nationals of other States.
The Barcelona Court
The United Kingdom and the United States strongly supported the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their national nationals, which had been shareholders of a Portuguese-speaking company that Portugal itself had caused a loss, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had been invoked to establish the amount of reparation to grant.
A company cannot not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in exchange of its social service, its home or the location of this is controlled.
Ibid., p. 5.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants did not complain from a violation of their rights as well as on the defence of the Pocle, as a member to the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance is also required, as the laws, treaties, agreements and relevant arrangements of the State Party shall permit, in the investigation, prosecution and judicial proceedings concerning the offences of a legal person may be held in the State Party, in accordance with article [] [Responability of individual individuals]
(c) The full or partial support of the value of the proceeds or such assets or funds from the sale of the sale of multilateral debt by the requesting State Party.
]
A proposal by Ukraine.
The decisions that the General Assembly should take into consideration the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also emphasizes that, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close relations and the protection of the major family values.
Although the situation of these persons have little change in the recent conflict, some families could return to their homes, resettlement of displaced persons remains a matter of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continued to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and in this area, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and studies
Publications
- aspects of the rights of contingent-owned troops in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
It was also concerned that there is external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/C.2633) sent by Arias Arias, President of the Committee against Terrorism, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report to follow up by the Government of Indonesia on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it is to be able to repeat the Secretariat's capacity and to make all lessons learned from the delegation's groups.
It is without saying that my delegation fully associates with the statement by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Mardy Carataata, who spoke with a view to the name of the European Union.
In view of the debate of today, the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to stress the role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Case of third cycle in the University of the University of the University of the University of the Child
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the beginning of Christmas, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, and the Kingdom of Manolore have been transferred to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be located in detention centres pending the time to date on their applications for asylum;
For signs of signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope that we hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the Conference.
As we have stated repeatedly, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of adequate preparation for the international conference.
The Committee on the question of treaties has little progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but other issues of principle have made serious progress.
In negotiations earlier under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denkash, in the context of a comprehensive measures, had accepted the area of the Turkish Cypriot State in this area.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to reflect the number of measures or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide a more comprehensive information on the services to those women have access to the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, persons or agencies responsible for such efforts and actions in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second instalment should be managed by those who are in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries are not a problem.
Ms. Aassi (Morocco) said that the Organization has established internal oversight mechanisms that allow to detect irregularities and to recommend solutions.
It is important to detect these munitions as soon as possible and avoid them.
The proposed items would be added to the list of the third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The Web site is not classified to be classified as a result of a simple nature, extremely well-use or infineration in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous youth has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not charged with any rule and seemed to be determined to implement its intentions despite the international conviction.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall of the wall, the construction of the Palestinian land and prevent the Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this important task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, especially in schools, should contribute to promoting tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of General Assembly resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate in the General Assembly's rules of procedure, and the assessment of the implementation of the implementation of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations global conferences to those States had initially participated in observers, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator on the mechanisms of the assets of deposits is due to the fact that the public authorities are not involved as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a information collection system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Narar Carlos Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focal coordinator of the international community to support the countries affected by the authorities of those States.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities in the planning and management of disaster management, including to transfer military control to civilian control, responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA in 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
It stressed that the total cost of the costs is a fundamental necessity of UNOPS activities.
They asked a high candidate.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and the curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to reach its objectives.
The Committee urges them to continue to recruit children who are soldiers or, as well as, even, or the same of engaging in armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of a joint radio-based radio control capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the proposal of the Secretary-General that this pilot project is an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide a free access to the United Nations system of the United Nations web site through the sharing of the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
In a broader note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary that this continues.
It was noted that there could be a number of existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the website of the Basel Convention (www.o.int).
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft Committee in the relevant meeting document, as orally revised.
(a) Promote and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, particularly the production, movements and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active participation of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Argentina, Austria, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, the Syrian Arab Republic, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
The French version of the United Nations University's Information initiative was published.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of agenda item 21 (e option of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before to continue and adopt the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the key role of the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention had again been drawn on the need to provide uniform access to police and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); based on forest resources (1); a database on the assistance to developing countries in the forestry sector (1); a web site on the development of a web site on meetings, publications of publications and information on activities related to the subprogramme (4);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among other things, of the challenges of children, ministries of the Government, the police, including the Office of the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Protection of Children, as well as several NGOs.
(b) In the meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, unless the secretariats are not subject to the pre-session documents in all the relevant languages, should, in exceptional circumstances, to submit provisionally provisionally, or summaries of analytical summaries in the relevant languages, with respect to the time frames;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it would not use the phrase “the official language”, [signal]] [the United Nations General Assembly, at its September-October 2000, had reminded the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to that “the Portuguese” to be used as a language for WIPO.
Such a measure could be carried out in the context of a inventory of the staff's language of staff that should be fully provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or the management of human resources.
It is also understood that the time frame of translation would be added to the normal time of implementation.
For example, a review of the review process of the Committee on Development Development of the United Nations Development Cooperation Committee to ensure that trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general programmes, including the human rights and gender perspective, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend attitudes in the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that children's education is a social responsibility of mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account the dropout and pregnancy of pregnancy in national surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of the third periodic report on the limitation of 300 days on the basis of the death penalty of 300 days imposed on the wife's wife or divorce before it.
The Committee recommends that the State party take other measures to ensure that each can be able to improve family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote equitable understanding of domestic and family workers between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the banks on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000,000, which is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press press on the exchange of correspondence related to the minefields of Bolivia in Georgia and the North Sandwich Islands, in which the following:
The facts and history of contracts in connection with the project were discussed in paragraphs 304 to 312.
The amount includes the amount of $2,3002,922 under the work and materials that have been released on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,377674 in terms of guarantee that SEOG would be retained.
The evidence shows that the work that relate to the past of the death penalty, and 61) were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees in Iraq, because for the assets of projects were not restored.
No other substances has been carried out after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi authorities have never cancelled the part of fines (II 3488) that they had made to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee discusses these reports and recommendations, whenever it is possible, and to reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in relation to the follow-up to the major conferences and meetings of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various goals set out by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government have committed to do everything every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol is in force and to begin to implement the reductions of greenhouse gases for greenhouse gases,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a more less-time review would not be sufficient to the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the Committee the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There is a need for a view that this is to be tolerated, which is not tolerated, which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of the African Ocean and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to follow-up to the Millennium Summit, the Secretary-General's comments in his report, namely that the objectives could be done if the objectives could be achieved, by 2015, by 2015, we and increase the leadership of these three years.
In the Government of the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than eradicating poverty.
A death in suspicious circumstances that have not been discovered in the re-Naqurah camp, in which they are located from Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has begun in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, will be expected to meet in the early months of January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions that are located in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, two times as at the Pukz and Lzz.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004, at the time of the summer of 2004 at the time of five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country, in line with the command of ISAF.
The activities for which core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
A 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on Women's Impact on Women and Women's Development (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Review Assessment on Women and Women's Fund in Peace-building (UNIFEM, Cambridge, No.un-old to lose to end violence against women (UNIFEM), 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel considers that the illicit import of Serbian weapons has increased considerably the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, the United Nations assistance agencies will now include five regional offices in Saclea, (comed of Nimba), p. Luama (comed of Maryland) and Zwedru (comed of Grand Gegh) and Zwedru (comed of Grand Gegh) on which they provide humanitarian assistance in the country.
Charles Taylor was its control on all industries, or illegal or illicit, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of extremist groups should be given to improving the economic situation, opportunities by power, social resistance, especially from the ballot of freedom of liberty and democracy, but also in the efforts of the law, as well as the fact that the facts seem to have lost the only of many young people.
Today, the Ministry of Religious Affairs, in the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1191 mosques in operation, including 840 were able to re-establish and 1079 in implementing.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the Committee on Energy on its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set out and to carry out the expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) Member States will support the work of the United Nations system and technology technologies to facilitate the creation of networks and networking; (b) States members will work to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance, the Sharia was fully consistent with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define a combination of a variety of practices and the search of fire, because the line of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the Law's researchers, the new Institute of the United States (United States) and of the United States College of London, the Musumum of natural history has continued to assess the analysis of the analysis of the analysis in the course of electronic reverse-to-date analysis.
The major challenges to development should be linked to the equipment of the end, at its system-making system and the orbit and its guidance, navigation and control, and the necessary approach to the security system of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two of these areas (a.e. a satellite-to-free and trans-vis one of a bomb) has occurred on the geostationary orbit, but there were no evidence that they have not been identified, which mean that they are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the laws prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the meeting of UNCTAD in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not inconsistent but rather and interrelated.
• Regional security matters;
Minimum factors applicable to medical treatment by drug users
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports prior to previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter to the members of the Working Group.
With regard to the development of the content, the emphasis is based on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that provide dissemination and best use by users and users.
• In order to extend its work, the regional information centre will work closely with the offices of resident offices in the country where there can be a number of partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as associations for the United Nations.
The Phase 2 has taken a end of 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new system, which is fully fully supported the ecosystem-based capacity of the world, in order to enable users from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right to the right and practice governing the custody, the duration of the custody to be held and access to a lawyer during the course of the author.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Commission on Human Rights to operate in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/39.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to continue to prosecute such trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children with protection measures, repatriation and reintegration, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully consistent with the questionnaire's initial reference.
Ms. Shin would like to congratulate Mexico for having organized in 1975 the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Thus, UNISPACE III was mainly:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania, on the effectiveness of assistance and governance; contributions by donors to the Forum on Governance in Africa, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom,, for example, announced a additional debt debt, and to the lack of reservations of the HIPC Fund, some States agreed to increase their contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of debt cancellation of LDCs and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General of his briefing.
The relations in Jakarta is generally standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor seem to be very demobilized.
We appreciate continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that, as the Secretary-General, the stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed directly on the web and archoration of a search on the basis at www.un.org/webcast>.
Agenda item 11
On the other entity, the representative of the Turkish Cypriot entity is only one — and I is here to refer to the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the premises of Turkey, and nothing of others.
The European Co-European Railway Network also provides, in a year, in New York, in Italy, the European Union's Trade Initiative, a event in both cultural and sport-based schools that meets artists and the unor-sex-sex-free and non-traditional associations of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “The risk of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) While spouses are all two members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the members of the Secretariat may be eligible for children to receive the provisions of the provisions under subparagraph (i) and (ii) above, the other may be entitled to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) (iii) of the same conditions;
The review of this question has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants had focused on initiatives of such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against small girls and violations of their rights, all of which are often aware of the rights of children and adolescents, as well as violence and practices, as well as violence and practices, as well as violence and practices as well as violence, incest, early marriage, family selection and female genital mutilation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard of promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which relate to children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention which relate to children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography or to accede to full implementation;
Convinced that collective action will be better, it considers that all nations that are able to do so to do so in their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group on the reform of the United Nations, but in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in the mandates of peacekeeping and, where appropriate, are included.
See, in general, B. B., Practice in Poverty Reduction: An Statistical Framework, ElT Öbler (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to transmit to States, at a later date as possible as possible by the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Committee, in section III of the report of the report, in chapter III, which are relevant to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in first or second reading;
At the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories in its administration are a appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no delegation wished to make a general rule, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in 2003, in the limited resources available, at least one of a 10-year session, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which will preside from the Assembly, is to establish a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What is the outcome of the industries and the emerging industries of the poor?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that it has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, peace, today is a historic event and that the international community must promote reconstruction and we are doing so.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, in view of that, although China has not signed, this does not not preclude their exchange and cooperation with the signatory countries.
At the 2500,000 people who have found the death in circumstances related to the war since 1989, at least half of the former ex-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and assets throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of the rights of women in any kind, the person concerned the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In 1999, there are several non-governmental organizations that have devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, which, in particular, the lowest of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the nature of the public infrastructure infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite that, the Assembly has always been able to reverse the indictment that it did not meet the mandate of the United Nations Charter.
It is therefore encouraging that, taking into account the commitment to complete the phase of the elimination of the arms elimination plan before 24 December 2002, such as the Plan of Action to carry out the collection of weapons was adopted at the meeting of Buka on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key challenge of progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, including the most recent resolution resolution 571 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by a international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
The nature of the Organization of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the assistance of donor countries should be implemented.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Sir, for convening this important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the same time, we believe that we need to act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist in the best capacity of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will complement the actions undertaken by the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the United Nations conferences and summits held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often increasingly affected that others in violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Africa Division
A number of countries have benefited from equal and more than 4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola is to address certain humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly placed to develop and strengthen the work of Bougainville in the position of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the former Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken the control of some parts of the Western Western Ocean and the Eastern Slavonia in which the territories in a single State, the “the President of Kjjina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development more than a environmental problem.
This cooperation facilitates individuals and enterprises in developing countries and help to attract national and foreign investment for the promotion and modernization of production capacities, which increase the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
In our part, Jordan rejects all the wrongness of the loss and activities aimed at incitement to the Arabs and Muslims in the identification of them as terrorists.
It is, however, the discussions that took place before the war and to continue to cause controversy, a lack of criticism in the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is in its entirety of the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant for ordinary members.
Stresses the need for a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
With regard to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future future activities would further be commended.
The review process was not not a renegoti point of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that the overall policy indicators, which is at the national level or at international level, were more difficult to define the indicators relating to concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
In the context of new mechanisms, the question of stability of flows should be given adequate attention.
The mistakes in the report, which could appear in the report, which could seem to be unusual, in a serious and fundamental reality if it was in a political context.
It was tried to refer to the representative's view that, after the words “and of the historical history that he chose, it should be able to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been ex-combatants, with political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect to 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries within the framework of multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
They also participated in a number of ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Assistance Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies, gender equality and a environment conducive to investment constitute the basis of sustainable development and is essential to the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the gradual reduction of the civilian police, which will be reduced from 355 men in July 2004 to 2 195 in June 2005.
The authors of the present report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on a variety of experiences and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions and future peacekeeping missions shall be given equal, without discrimination, for the financial and administrative arrangements;
Members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Mr. Mvichich (Belarus), Vice-Chairman/Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceedings
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council in the peace process.
The provision of 51 was approved and deferred the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General provided the Director of the Chief Division of the Development Division and Technical Cooperation and Technical Cooperation, to further increase the evaluation and develop indicators of performance indicators.
Prior to the issuance of these integrated programmes and to adopt such a combined approach, such as UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The Panel's claim on six contracts with INEC for the sale of the articles for the sale of the goods in Iraq is to be used in Iraq.
Although the basis of these comparisons is not a ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements that UNIDO has a disproportionate responsibility in the fact that it manages the entire buildings of the web sites.
NEPAD supports the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations to the formulation of reservations to a reservation and that it is why the restrictions adopted in the last case (such as 2.3.1 to 2.3.3 should be applied to the case of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the general practice, including:
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When air sites are properly equipped, the risk of oil spills in the underlying water is being destroyed.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken into account to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of weapons are the subject of the responses to issues on 22 and 23 and any other activities that are under such procedures as an offence in the applicable law applicable to the law.
Space-based space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yisan (China) (spoke in Chinese): On 11 years, the General Assembly adopted each year of resolutions calling for all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which undermines the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction as well as freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues to be indifferent to any political process and continues to deny the Cuban people's most fundamental rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The assignment of assets would be to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 910 hours the Inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they have raised questions relating to the activities of these sites, the type of drugs and diagnostic equipment, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main leaders, and asked that vaccines had been imported and distributed, and the changes had occurred during the four years.
A average rate of 24 per cent and a average of 0.01 per cent will be used for the establishment of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget budget (see para. 54).
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice on the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate protection for persons who are engaged in a strike or participate, where the movement is organized in respect of legality.
Equal access to higher education allows the opportunity for the school school who wish to continue their studies in order to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, such as erosion of land and the termination of illicit species and species in some sectors (based, water and lakes) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, through which the current level of poverty is likely to maintain.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (No. minimum minimum), staff who have paid children at least 20 years are entitled to the right to take retirement at the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 189, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of a rapid deployment of the force of the control of the international stabilization force.
Do you met with problems related to the presentation of names and the identification of the identification of the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limits of Acts of War and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be allowed in this case, to apply fully to the same paragraph as those of the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have the safeguards set out at the international level for the protection of children, but they remain without results.
This approach should be re-evalued by the Security Council, because it is indivisible, a day of road and is an act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreement agreed.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and nationals of States from third States reported since on 2 August 1990,
(Nack hope that the principle of gender equality will be applied.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme is therefore a absolute necessity and has just been made.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered a number of claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that the claimants would pay from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) The amount of USD 2,549,93,383 for commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, which will be assigned to the committees “E4” report in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to make a more broad acceptance of the implementation and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the agreements
That is why the Government is urgently a comprehensive step on the success of the police officers, judges, prosecutors and activists of human rights, whose dedication and courage are the basis of reform.
There is still no comprehensive definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjji
The reference to international organizations have motivated the inclusion, subparagraph (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the definition of the Convention,
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the following document and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider the new priorities, it was necessary to identify the current activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Action on the next meeting of the budget Committee and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring and respect for human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, in its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Reching national data on Space debris, the safety of space objects for nuclear energy sources and the problems of their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.26/85/Add.5 and Corr.1).
The space object: satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement them as well as comprehensive human rights measures and vigilance to promote transparency and prevent the diversion of funds acquired in the illicit manner;
We strongly appreciate the initiative of the country concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global global environmental assessment mechanism, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of this year of the Secretary-General and is now resumed in the draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a cooperative mechanism and inter-agency coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum between the Sub-Committee of Oceans and coastal areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law on the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the erosion of the risks to biodiversity, from mining activities, would be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the scale of the base salary scale, the Commission noted that the question of possible changes to the level of staff to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no amendment would not be made.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, central workers and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of Jamaica del Cauca, who had been willing to support the road of the Shaba's farmers.
The adoption of law No. 747 of 2002 which, including trafficking in persons with criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations Information Technology Group and Communications Technology Group
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself that in most cases, the role of the Organization in situations of conflict is set out and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
Furthermore, in addition to the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, combating trafficking in arms, especially small arms and light weapons, to return refugees and displaced persons in their country and promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make a few remarks, and first a comment on developments in the time of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a situation in a conflict.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to break those conflicts, I would like to make a note on these conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, as credible and effective, the Council must receive the full confidence and support of the international community.
It also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for preserving the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the heads of Heads of Women for Youth Employment Network
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) (a) (a) of the article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to be recognized and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or arrest, or to be based on such a decision to seek their own authorities to be a decision of freezing or seizure.
Governments have sought legislation on security in order to justify some information concerning human rights and to try reprisals against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties have provided a estimate of the effects of different policies concerning transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Spain, France, Italy, Italy, Netherlands, Netherlands, Sweden, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures for the broader scope of the most broad goals of climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector are covered by this category.
The policies and measures aimed at combating the emissions of S484 from the road of animal origin will focus on the decline in the number of livestock, the reduction of livestock and research programmes to address the ways of reducing the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) and research programmes aimed at exploring ways to reduce the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The special session of 2003 on the budget budget of UNICEF will be held from 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The second network, which covers renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In the light of the case, a new example is that “the real return” or “or of the Internet”, such as the delay of transmission and treatment of information reported in the case, or in any case of the author's claim.
All countries that are certain of the economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the coordination of the function is within the area or is carried out between several companies.
Many measures that have been conducted in recent years have been never impossible without progress in the concepts and definitions used by the OECD Working Group on Indicators for Information.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered during the four previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph 1 (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has declined in the past two years, although there is no less than other countries from the West African region where the rate of 5 per cent of 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the commitments and expenditures.
In this context, we would like to recall that we are responsible to establish that we are committed to Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that, among the priorities, the exclusion of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design and includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The co-polic ambitions imposed more than small countries in the region of the region's limited financial expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to begin with the assistance of their allies and friends, and we look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table is not clear in terms of reference, such as sources of sources, it should be used to use a specific factor for a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever in the world”.
We also welcome Mr. Jacques Klein for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the development of economic and social development, but it would like to consider the issue of the final status in a immediate manner.
In particular, it should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo.
Such transfer is important.
In Kosovo, it remains still much of work to do so.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts to the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the General Assembly under a contract of lease to the end of which it would become the owner of the construction and the ground on which it would be established;
Decides to consider further consideration of conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 in the light of the review of the Security Council on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
It is also increasingly important to submit reports on the effects they may have to be held on society and how they operate.
The text of its statement on the five outstanding reports, which covers the entire system, will be sent to delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity that have significantly evolved in the past few years is one of the preparation of the documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “No criminal offences against personal freedom”, provides, in article 151, that person who are deprived of their liberty, such conditions constitute a aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute a aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute a aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the death penalty is in the case of two six years of imprisonment.
Different regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please provide to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose name is not subject to the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not affect investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the conflict of the Middle East, as demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for the Peace of Ireland, on the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and the Palestinian Government; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and the support of international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the United Nations military component has been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had been granted to leave the area of the Mission to this date in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources of the group, approximately 60 per cent of the territory of Liberia were under the control of the rebels;
1
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to share the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerabilities of the region (b.e. the main area) to rebuild the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society, to promote the promotion of human rights, the permanent participation of civil society, with particular attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many important issues for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, in Asia, in Asia, Oceania, in Africa, in Africa, in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that fighting in north in the north and in a lesser extent in the west of the country have become threats.
They called for the expansion of the Security Council's membership to recover its legitimacy, as a representative of the world of the world's geopolitical history and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you addressed the President of the International Criminal Tribunal on 30 April 2003 on the request submitted by Judge Navaneth G Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain a extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until it had been completed in the case of the media, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress of the United Nations, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session should be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee decided to act on the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Oar stated that the Committee's concern on the sea age of marriage for the reunification of families is a consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether there was special measures, such as the provisions relating to the custody of children and separate classes, to encourage immigrant immigrants to follow up of Danish studies.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for development in development, especially that they face all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although in many different areas, corruption, the constitutional, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic and crime levels.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the establishment of programmes aimed at promoting the development of economic activities and sustainable enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports on data and statistical statistics;
“The Government of India had previously reported for the State's Republic of Karataka to leave the country to leave the country on the father of the father.
Technology had a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the context of geographic information systems, in the form of databases and software, to understand and provide the challenges and challenges in geographical space, and facilitate the participation of public and disaster-raising efforts and to facilitate the participation of the public in geographical space.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give this pleasure to take the words that, I am convinced, we are convinced to hear us: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last of a number of bilateral consultations, group or open-ended consultations, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, policies faced by cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also to counter action by developing countries, with efforts and significant resources to reduce the cultivation of cannabis in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has made a number of discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls benefited from funds.
The first promotion of 116 students should provide the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector is the increase in life expectancy of all Guians, poverty reduction among social groups, improving access to care and quality care, and guarantee the provision of affordable health services.
A number of measures have been taken to translate the recommendations on the remedies of justice, including a draft legislation that provides the lawyers to their customers.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
There is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations working with various ministries and departments concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from experience are then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it would join the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department provides that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 of 57 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of the encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) A sharing of information between bodies to respect the laws in sensitive areas or border areas; activities of border control and customs control;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The National Audit Board supervises the economic activity of the State institutions, the use and preservation of the State's funds by the central and local government bodies and the economic activities of the State whose State more than half of the share or actions (art. 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council on 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the Chairman of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is annexed,
If necessary, it would also provide the follow-up to operational issues, financial, financial and staff-related issues.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Miles”.
Those who have worked and committed those crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded with 27 States treaties of extradition, which included the terrorist acts that are defined as criminal offences, and reported that more than 450 suspects had been subjected to those treaties.
Such activities are currently carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the United States of American States to support the activities of the Agency to Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communication campaigns
A senior officer of the Department of the Department visited in Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with the competent officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed proposal for the site.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views between officials of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as a number of delegations outside outside the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that are the main form are provided by the Office of the Spokesperson for the list of press points, official statements and briefings.
Any person who are forced or other candidates for livestock, without authorization of their owners, or to the villages in the vicinity of forests that provide villages in water, even belonging to individuals, are punishable by 6 to 18 months of prison.
The vacancy rates of posts for the Professional category and higher categories in several sections 16 16, 19 and 22) have been higher than the budgeted rates of the budget, including due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, rehabilitation and temporary appointments for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
As a result of the Penal Code, it is intended to use a third of a third party to carry out an act, which does not be punished by law.
It is, in the case of Switzerland, many criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their funding (in annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Law to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence and ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the provision of the housing of domestic housing and the prohibitions to contact the domestic housing and the prohibitions of contact, harassment and means, also a general right to the attribution of domestic housing if violent acts were committed.
This is applicable only if the person is provided to the Federal Service of the Employment Service before receiving maternity allowances or to start to raise children, or in cases where unemployment and unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not been undermined.
• In addition, in the increasing number of divorces, women may only exceed the payment of the re-Trial allowance;
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government's action plan provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in the investigation of the police, and in order to conduct a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress on Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in December 2001 in Yokohama, has become clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of children and many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders, which is different to be consistent with the principle of production;
• Judicial judicial proceedings in the German of the settlers committed to sexual violence abroad
The regulations prior to the right of detention and the right to visit it did not provide to the right of custody to benefit from parents.
- Guidelines for the municipal policy of Gender Equality, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (S);
- For all of the law of land and local authorities, as well as all other legal persons submitted to the supervision of the State's free law on the Advancement of Women (S.g.FFFF) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the GPFFF) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the GPFGG) p.
Social assistance, armed commitment
G. Gichichbe Sungungkktttttttus, Frances Förungung der ggchchich, Cigiger Lungolguuu de Mnnnernttllungung
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly more serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as stated, in the Declaration's Declaration in its last meeting in New York.
The question that we take into account the fragility of the situation and the importance of a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided to at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the two years, the debate, at the forefront of the annual theme, would focus on the introductory statement by the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should be able to locate and control weapons of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibz Chambas
In addition, the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel of the scope of the study, the logical logic that officials of international organizations are excluded from them.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not overcome and that we will have the political will to continue to be done, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/253 entitled “Measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join the previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General of his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The policy plan and national strategy for combating malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also important to join local governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road security policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in its report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that could be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or that will be short shortly.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the end of war and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of peace and regional security, the international community may without no doubt to invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, however, must be the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can appeal from external intervention to assist them to address their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our accession to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore to peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect students against violence, damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish mechanisms for complaints that are available to children, and to investigate thorough investigations on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is considering the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination to the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairperson, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission.
After cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, the same of each party to a armed conflict, is, as well as, to destroy or destroyed explosive remnants of war in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization of Cooperation and Economic Cooperation and other organizations in the field of law and competition policy, and in particular the commitment taken at the fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awa
The deployment of UNOCI is conducted in a satisfactory manner, a first of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy of communication is being developed in preparing the World Summit on Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The United Nations system of the United Nations system in East Timor was particularly interesting and rich to learn that the positive results of the United Nations system to confirm the positive results and avoid failure to avoid the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed at the month of November, as a general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
In the South Africa, Albania, Slovenia, Iceland, Cameroon*, Finland, Australia, Bangladesh*, Greece*, Peru*, Iceland, Peru*, Norway*, Norway, Poland*, Poland*, Peru*, Peru*, Norway*, Norway, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Saint Marino*, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, Slovenia, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties that have been “preed” to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines who kill or maimed hundreds of persons, in particular children, have the development of the development and economic reconstruction of persons and displaced persons in the territory, and other serious consequences for years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for the opportunity to encourage in my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzzkidzeze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the whole of the secretariat, for their effective assistance.
In this context, it was considered that the close links between the air defence systems and small arms systems.
We call upon the forces of the coalition to achieve this objective and to strengthen coordination with the bodies and international institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the Central's Medical Fund in the goal of providing assistance, both as long as long as long as long-term recovery for higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the appeal by the Secretary-General for a reoccupation of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realization of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies of some countries had not been reduced in a radical manner.
I am firmly convinced that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of us that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any country of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖZZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the group was supportive for this idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral declarations of the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security are generally linked to reservations from the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDD (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last of you, I think that you is the first time I am the first time for your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, the human resources and institutions, to identify themselves with solutions to their problems;
It is considering and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements to the Committee on the Budget and Finance Committee, accompanied by the Committee.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to stress that the current level of assistance is inadequate.
In our view, it is important that national mine-clearance strategies have been established in order to ensure an effective process of decision-making in the short-term priorities, as well as in terms.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Office of Mine Demining, and established the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Action Centre in Lebanon.
We can achieve a protocol that is contained in the annex to the Convention and will take into account the interests of the country's security interests, which would help to eliminate the former mines, which, as new, destroy lives and property and impede efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the contribution of the Fund to the Fund amounted to only 4,7 billion, while the amount of overall expenditure is approximately 10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention programmes, treatment, care and support.
Country offices
The amount of credit, a similar definition to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In order to address items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (E eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (on human rights rights), the Commission will take a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
The world today is about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that the need to respect human rights were essential, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee endorses the decision and set up on 2 August 1990 of the loss of loss for the late term of the “C4” category”.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women is the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely a arbitrary, and the risk of details.
Why are those agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The last year has taken the initiative to support gender equality issues.
(b) General Assembly resolution 47/12 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1997 entitled “The Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Economic and coercive economic measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Human Development Agenda”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The development and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue should take into account the fact that there is no example, in reality, to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General claimed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should be devoted to the universal organization and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Advancement of Culture and Peace for the Children of the World People, which is becoming a aspiration of the nation of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit, five years, in which we renewed the commitment to eliminate hunger,
Emphasizing the need to conduct the industrial transformation of the production of commodities in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export revenues, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration in the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia to be held from 4 December 2003, for the duration of the term of office of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
The action programme remains a year on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of the resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider that the principles could be used in the regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a party of its activities and to break the impasse in which it is since three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the National Situation of the Organization of American States, United Nations Convention on Cultural Relations, United Nations Declaration on the Prevention of Life.
The impact of our impact will be achieved beyond borders and is why international cooperation is vital.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well as and translated into account.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period of 1 July to 31 October 2003, the amount of expenditure not exceeding 12 million dollars will be funded by the net balance of the Special Force for the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report that will consider the two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to employment of women.
The use of these summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on the exchange of information: establishing a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchange between groups of different industrialized countries, developing countries and countries in transition.
It also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the UNDAF, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers more appropriate in the case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi that would reduce and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen efforts in the national plan with the efforts undertaken at the international level.
Ms. Molaroni (Saint Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, in the context of the principles, its country believes that, in practice, the Internet did not only have the positive impact on human rights, which explains the current debate on the rules of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on the principles of guiding principles is to be held with Governments with Governments.
Mr. Paul Kgmanman, School of Public and International Affairs (the University of Ectonton); Mr. Jagaghcu, Director of the Central American Commission for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oopenogo, the United Kingdom of America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oopenogo, League of Trade of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on counter-terrorism crime
Furthermore, it is not clear that macroeconomic and structural reforms are required in the context of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
For example, we continue to consider new solutions to increase the rapid financial liquidity when it is necessary, by various means, including the temporary provision of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty will be held on the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, assigned each year, is now the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan is obliged to recognize that women represent a major part of the population that they are, and should therefore develop and continue to administer services to the specific needs of women and men.
This is due mainly to the development of primary education and that schools will be able to improve their students.
Multi-sectoral teams have been responsible to combat the threat of more serious concern of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another study on the participation of women in the financial decisions, 27 per cent of female women reported that they did not participate in the decisions relating to financial loans, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat had taken initiatives to improve the capacity of the public sectors of a large number of countries, including advice, for the reform of public service.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's responsibility for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait,
It is also applicable to the claims for compensation for loss of funds, which includes similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General (1986) in paragraph 71 of the E2(1111 and in paragraph 89 of the report of E2(313).
E2(3), paragraph 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of 1995 on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8 of article 8 of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be subjected to.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just recall that the situation in Iraq is a cause of challenges that are real challenges and we call on all, to address here, and now the international community, to resolve the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to thank my Government, to renew its deepest appreciation to the mission of the Council and to the Council in its entirety to find responses to complex issues that we face our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordination mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme is 10 months, including 5 per cent in Madrid, and 4 months and half of public education in developing countries, as well as a assessment phase in Madrid.
These groups are the young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in professions as men, more than 45 years, the number of unemployed students for 12 months or more than workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same part of a contract-time contract or determined before 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement of the situation, however, is less marked by women (37, 5 per cent of the long-term age of the age, as well as men (55 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and the most most than the most than the world, which is all in the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full challenges that I am convinced of the Council will be ready to meet.
We join us to engage in all initiatives aimed at ensuring the international agreements in this area.
These areas are often of non-discrimination zones.
Activities for follow-up to the request
- More than 1500,000 homes or homes, a total of 2300,000 square kilometres of approximately 80 kilometres square kilometres;
(c) To date at 31 December 2001, the United States accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Data for Analysis and Evaluation of feasibility studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term framework and strategic directions of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as thematic initiatives that have taken place in particular including trade facilitation, industrial development in productive production and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural factors, individual and social, as well as the supply of illicit drugs has exacerbated the problem of the use of synthetic substances at the global level,
In the light of the rule of the item, the Commission decided to continue to take a reasonable explanation of work that the topic relate to “s activities” and to make further any formal changes.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, replace the necessary requirements (before recosting): $2500 dollars (before recosting): $1,243,200)
The Commission requested the Government to report to amend the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws in order to include the principle in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants at weekly meetings on economic issues and senior government officials, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of considerable benefits to build the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has increased almost almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the Constitution of National Reconciliation of National Reconciliation and to eradicate a significant obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution states that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the Government of the Government.
Beyond what we understand, we have faced these threats, a collective responsibility, to return the unity of the international community.
We have initiated consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the “food-for-food” that would provide the continued flow of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be considered by my authorities, we share the right to express our views on the programme as soon as a result.
If a Party considered the need for assistance for the use of methyl bromide in order to stabilize the current items, it could be noted in the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All peacekeeping operations should be held on the basis of which they are based on the authorized staff.
The funding mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide Parties in paragraph 1 of article 5 of financial and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures set forth in articles 2A to 2 and article 2(I or any other measure of regulations set out in articles 2 above to 2 in accordance with article 5 bis of the Protocol.
The law of law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said also to be used by the telephone, teleail and postal services.
(3) The State party seeks to implement a interim and protective measure to monitor the court of any cancellation, or to change this measure.
Proposals to improve the wording of the text in square brackets were made, including the court may suspend the proceedings until the parties, until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties have been duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible role in support of the management of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes,
The development and introduction of information for information, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment in strengthening the capacity of local services providers, or to create such capacities — could require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is to be provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court for dealing with disputes on the contract in question does not apply to the request of the services provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached a maximum to the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is clear that the calculations were conducted on the basis of a exchange rate of $89 Euro-United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and seventeenth sessions and, if necessary, for subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward briefed the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Social Law School (S/1999 2003): Professor Michael Robert F. Kennedy to provide association with Professor Hongongman, and considering the various national and international approaches used to identify State actors who are guilty of violation of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as a entity to ensure the operation of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “Climate climate change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the implementation of the activities mentioned in the framework for the implementation of the activities of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to the decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in annex 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial assistance and other of the United Nations Government's Office of the Republic of Austria, the Government of Stongy and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Geography of the University of Stockholm, the troator, the National Institute of Statistics and the Agency of International Cooperation for Development.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there is a large number of people infected with the virus.
This project focused on the Director-General's Steering Committee as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use could be made by the General Assembly in the plenary session on issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, to determine and perseverance the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the case of dissolution of the marriage, the woman is entitled to the time of the time of the time of the time to be obtained in the period of the period, as a result of the expiry of the death period, and that it is paid by the end of the time of the period of the period, except otherwise agreed between the two parties concerning the amount and modalities of compensation.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget during the 1990s of the 1990 in 1997 to 1997/98:
Post-care activities are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which has regularly conducted inspections to verify that these institutions comply with the regulations.
The State of Kuwait would like to recall that its Constitution, in many its provisions, has the equal equality of the Kuwaiti company, first in the preamble, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle in the principle of the dignity of human rights, rights and duties.
Effective management will also enhance recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
The National Police Coordinator against Children, 1998
Counsellor on the development of a programme on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Malhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall submit to the Conference of the Parties, as it requires, information on its programmes, plans and practices and its legislative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
If the status quo does not cause a perspective, freedom and development of those who have hunger and living in despair, the temptation to lawlessness and extremism, as a means of ensuring change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzilv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties that will be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Mr. Majhaqq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in promoting the promotion and protection of human rights and to strengthen universal norms in the context of human rights instruments, and to contribute to their protection,
(c) In case where a special debate would be decided, on the basis of human rights and take into account the annual topics of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This of this is not to happen.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made during the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution to the date of resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i), (ii), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, on the development of a short-term mechanism with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
With regard to the Tazaz in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for the purpose of the land and development of the land and development of the agricultural crops.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked the State Party to conduct a national survey on health and to consider the conclusions in the next periodic report.
Accordingly, the duty of the right to protect the world is also the world.
- The two of the two sites from means of means (g.g. or hydiles);
Some observers have made a potential of the demand for the request of the United States of Iraq.
It is essential to draw new guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by providing the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to gather about 3.5 million euros that have enabled the work on the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are members of UNICEF (on half of women), including a woman's service.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of a additional office in Brussels has not been taken into account by the JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has completed the objectives set out by the Organization in 1990 on gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, States members of the Commission shall continue to maintain and maintain the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on standards and principles of international law and cannot be seen to combat any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demem status of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227 of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the topics proposed for the high-level segment and the discussion on coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have put the decision to extend its mandate.
Draft resolutions under these items reflect the determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, consistent with the procedures set out by the Committee in accordance with General Assembly resolution 661 (1990), and in the light of the recommendations made by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, the funds provided by the Office of Iraq, in accordance with paragraph 8 (a), (b) and (c) and (c) of the present paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 10 (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in order to fulfil the tasks assigned to him in subparagraph (d);
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs of the work of the Working Group is contained in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 was not a impact on the basis.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Office, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international organizations associated with the United Nations” and to allocate to the Commission on Political Issues and Decolonization (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Cearch for action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of the Commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right of voting to be taken by States from States;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council took its concern to the continuing United Nations regional instability, and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these problems and cross-border cross-border issues, focusing on better coordination of the United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of political contacts between the parties and their request to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for success of the peace process.
The Government shall submit for all draft laws.
It is to be hoped that it would make a report to the Commission at a future session, in particular that the document in 1991 after the World Summit for Children and the Final Document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goals, the Government, in 1996, established the basic education of free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the rate of school attendance.
In order to avoid such a incident, it is imperative for States parties to present present to the meeting.
The Council emphasizes that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it is requested, and to provide support for the humanitarian challenges and development of the border.
It may acquire or acquire real property or property in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting held three days, on 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incidents, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Reports of the Secretary-General in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council
States may know how the indicators are better suited, which will require different aspects of the right to health, and then in the course of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that pre-trial detention of a person detained or detained may be treated as prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of their liberty under laws and authority of State and who is detained in prison, a hospital hospital, in particular, a hospital hospital, a centre of detention or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its impact.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(d) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising awareness of the public community's efforts to address the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report the measures adopted to ensure access to family planning services in particular, and sexual health and reproductive health.
For example, article V stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in general, moral, spiritual, cultural, cultural or social rights and the fact that most of the rights of children are far from outside outside outside the local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, with the latest meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, by which they have committed to eliminate poverty and in particular reducing half, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one dollar and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government has limited to six years the duration of the work granted to foreign workers, to ensure that more than Bermuda were recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European standards on human rights, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on the basis of all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without a vote, to the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “in energy and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat drug-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, invited Governments of Latin American countries and the Caribbean and other Governments concerned to participate in the regional meeting of the fight against illicit trafficking in drug trafficking, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources for the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation contained in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee might take on the issue.
Decides to submit this following the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible consideration of its first meeting:
A alternate or a adviser may act as a representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and amendments adopted by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority of priority to explain the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
It stated that its organization supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities on persistent organic pollutants, including the identification and quantification of the industry, which had enabled a exchange of best practices on the management of organic pollutants and that, at the date, had been held in Brazil, China and India, and other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document repeat dozens of times again the importance of cooperation.
Some countries that would be applied to the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective controls in border control, using reliable accuracy.
The victim noted that the comparative studies of the problem is more complex.
Material to the Journal in the Journal of S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission composed of the IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Director of the Commission, visited the President of the Secretary-General on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts, by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadad, adviser the Chairman, to discuss the logistical arrangements and resettlement of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The Agenda website 21 for Sport and the Environment is www.unep/org/cc/s__v.gov. on all types of sport activities.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi showed that there are opportunities for strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council and to fill the gap between aid, reconstruction and development.
The failure of the round in Doha is a result of the Doha region, where the major countries between trade exchanges had refused to provide concessions to development issues.
Switzerland attaches a priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in a new deterioration of economic and economic indicators and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be necessary to cover the payment of insurance fees if the amount of insurance is paid beyond the biennium during which the payment of payment is made by the Secretary-General, with the view that the Secretary-General would request the proposed budget for each biennium of the biennium, in order to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, need to take effective measures to address the problems of social and human rights, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice and social inequality among peoples in developing countries and countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Administration Authority in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Administration Authority in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
Clearly, it remains vital that each of us continues to continue in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The question of control is becoming becoming more important at the regional level and the international level, and effective verification is needed to ensure security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually, and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
On the amount of $10,000 dollars, 2500,000 are planned for the source of the supply of ICAO.
Modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Liaison Liaison Officer and Liaison Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
However, the source of funds is lawful or illegal, only in the form of the collection and purpose of the collection of funds.
The report of Brazil reported that all the Council adopted to respond to the needs of any of the options would be taken at least one year.
Geneva
“Les terrorism — a attempt to cause a explosion or to enter fire or to commit or commit any other forms of life, a threat to the public and to influence the rights of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by public authorities or by international organizations, or to threaten a threat to such acts in the same purpose”.
Women remain mainly in the short-paid posts and low-income posts.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to make their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their participation, together with their firm commitment and their personal qualities, explains a great share of the success of the Special Committee's work.
It is now the case for all treaties, the end of the negotiations marks the real time of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949,
The draft resolution, entitled “Implementation of the Almaty Programme: partnerships designed to address the needs of developing countries in landlocked developing countries and creating a new global framework for transport cooperation between developing countries and transit, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have to present the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union decision to establish support for peace to support the establishment of the African African Peace Mechanism and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to know the truth on events is crucial to prevent the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and the credibility.
Services services
Statement by the Chairman of the Information Committee on the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in order to understand that success or failure in any kind, if there is no doubt that it can not mean the object or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address questions, such as the presentation of all United Nations information centres, which would indicate the activities that it is based on a joint message.
In order to plan and carry out additional adjustments, we have been expected to review some of our priorities and we propose the resources in the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been spent on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to the preparation of its analysis, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
However, these products had a low value in national value.
The LDCs on commodity products were faced in a particular challenge to address, since the price of exports had significantly decreased in real value.
Development strategies had been re-established to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the selected countries for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Slovakia, Slovakia, Slovakia and Turkey, said that coherence was important and that, in this regard, the participation of the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies were positive.
The United Nations International Partnership for International Partnerships (UNIP) assisted the Task Force to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its work and facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Group established a database on the Internet, which includes the guidance of policymakers and focal points in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, in the limited resources available, the financial and administrative means of the functioning of the Inter-Agency Secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a representative to the Transitional Transitional Authority in the implementation of free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for women's women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, the security of the food, health, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo/do.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Drug Control Fund, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues on the possibility of the United Nations to fulfil the function of the monitoring authority established by the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Follow-up to and continue to report regularly on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Republic of Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans to strengthen their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the conference services, without the explanatory note of the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in case of submission of a report to conference services.
The law on International Trade Unions (International Business Law Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of the actions assigned to the holder and, where those actions have already been issued, they and their replacement of actions.
These services include the management and implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or the Bahamas, including the financial services, including the provision of service and service services in international trade companies, and the provision of service services and liaison services under the law Act, and the provision of service services and liaison services under the law Act of the Companies Act, which is exempt from the law of the Companies Act of the Companies Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some individuals on a list of national exclusion.
The participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on rules to respect in the case of projects carried out by national entities, based on experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the monitoring of field and opposition operations was not carried out in the rules.
The return of information has also been aware of the importance of training planning of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their implementation of the use of information for the use of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities in the period frames.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The strength could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letter dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/2337)
The information that organizations should provide and seek to be done by the following: the current accounting accounts for the five years; the internal circumstances and present the identity of other clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to dealing with a fair basis, on geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, where procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negonon (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his briefing on the status of the political process and the activities of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, it was difficult to deal with a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped funding projects, training and health, and programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the currency of payment, it would be informed to inform the names of the funds of the benefits of the benefits of the United Nations system in the other fields of security and the speed of transfers.
• The full and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the question of reports with the administration, the Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clarity for human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, an increased participation of the specialized and technical agencies in the operation of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
In the light of armed conflicts and civilians in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in the past recent years of African countries with the most recent countries in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Arabic language, the present resolution, accompanied by a note of appropriate information, as well as the dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes to address risk groups, particularly drug addicts, to reduce the risk of diseases of infectious diseases as well as HIV/AIDS virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that Member States would continue to receive documents in a appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned because the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be available rather than free than free.
The consultations by the Council with the members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The investigation on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves that have been conducted in the investigation and that a number of time should be given to their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to the Law of Law No. 1015 entitled that it is a matter of urgency, there is no doubt that no other physical or legal person, in the context of the draft amendment to the use of the application of the Convention, the trade of the Internet, the trade and precious metals of the United Nations, in the context of the draft amendment to the Law of the Convention, as well as in the light of the article 11 (a) of the Convention's business, trade and precious metals and precious metals, art.
It is important for the Commission not to do its attention.
It is also necessary that the importance of participation of civil society, as a strategic partnership on the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve conditions in which women take their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who are three children or more less than 16 years, or two children and more than women living only, receive a day of additional leave by week, paid by the average monthly wage.
The relationship between reproductive rights and family law is clear: motherhood and paternity is the direct consequence of the human rights rights of citizens.
The adoption of new laws of marriage and family, and work was the most way in the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology activities in UNIDO is primarily aimed at promoting partnerships and content (such as technology transfer, sub-employment, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, with the training of staff to the PPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to finance the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
It is, however, to provide the Commission any additional information that might wish to wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It is considering the results of the development and organization of development, in particular with regard to the links between evaluations, knowledge of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC intends to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2, 696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties have hostilities on all the territory of Liberia and to fulfil their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to cooperate in the training of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and the recipient countries to consider inclusion, in their programmes and projects for armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without prejudice to the gender dimension;
The Study Group has a written exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Review Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 513, and on the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Programme of resources
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making process and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified personnel in order to provide a number of professional personnel and the quality of training, as well as to establish a system that ensure that all staff members are physically physically, psychological and emotional, as a result of fulfilling their tasks.
• All equipment and other individuals are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters belonging to French, English, Spanish and Russian and four languages in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase the transparency of the financing of candidates for a senior office and, where appropriate, funding of political parties.
(a) The dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tenders and information on the attribution of markets, sufficient time to be left to bidders for potential groups to establish and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries, as well as other of the same category, is presented in box below, which is shown in the following table, with assistance from the United Nations system, with the assistance of the United Nations system, with various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Every than weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to discussing with its development partners to encourage such policies in the country of Africa, with the international community to provide full support to the development of living conditions in Africa, with the international community to provide full support to the goal of reducing a half of poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the ICT information strategy and communication strategy:
For the time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation of increasing and more than that our President did not do so.
(e) To ensure the maintenance and strengthening of cooperation and policy support and operational support to the Tribunal by foreign partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
It is also necessary to provide the necessary time for arguments (e.g. they are generally generally two five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to be given two cases during periods of periods, for example, as a result of a five-week period, a five-week five weeks, a five-week five weeks, etc.e. the defence of the Defence Court in the trial of 1 to Arusha during the trial.
Members of the Board of Directors of the United Nations Secretariat secretariat for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe that it is a clear and useful framework for the preparation, re-evaluate and adjust policies in the context of support support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with this resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 of its activities to the General Assembly, which, in addition, 30 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to welcome, while recalling the need for freedom of press, attracting the attention of the Egyptian authorities on the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that it must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with General Commission resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar on the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the past 10 years, the institutions, initiatives and international legislation are not involved in the inclusion of the inclusion of the rights of minorities as a integral part of all democratic developments.
As noted in Guyana on the collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the highest importance.
We must therefore create global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, and should also strengthen the development of the least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate action against HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pjeje Singh Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where States parties agree, the adoption of a cross-border approach to the sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as information on information;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to ensuring more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the operation of the global support project for national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidelines provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications of the work programme was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinating the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its activities;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In increasing the volume of the Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, there was a number of visitors in Russian language.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The spread and salt of women are among the most important elements of the most important and metal assets (with, zinc and French) are very rare.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Ukrainian citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if they do.
In paragraph 1 of article 41, the deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is acceptable only in the principles and modalities set out by law.
The issue of Northazzzani and Obani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities that require resources to be allocated from additional funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, currency from the host country.
Endorses the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table 92 below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: a peaceful settlement of Israeli disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a major mechanism, in the context of the international level of cooperation, the voluntary participation in negotiations on the delimitation of maritime boundaries between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities in order to make contributions to those funds;
Takes note also of the regional economic policy of the Pacific Islands, approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors was increasing, and took note of the initiative by the United Nations system to improve coherence in technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels, have abducted or convinced to join their ranks were sent to the death of the front.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pececenen Byyers, therefore supported the proposal of the Committee's consideration of the item on two years, before the vote of the motion does not imply a position to or against two draft resolutions, which is simply to recognize the need for a consensus agreement.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Advocacy of officials and public opinion to the importance of space applications as a means for promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to the development of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were the property of the organization at 31 December 2002, as a encumbered asset.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of the recruitment, without that the person had been appointed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission of the necessary assistance to fulfil their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse on the 1980s, indigenous peoples are to be able to do so to do so, and respect for these policies, which are often often interpreted as a result of a vacuum.
A/AC Secretariat 35-37 Sackville.
Throughout all countries a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is a result of 16 countries, whose vast majority are members of OECD.
Resolution
In that regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly clarified that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as justification for extradition for alleged terrorists.
The documents of technical meetings and seminars at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To formulate comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the requirements of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services (A/HRC and Chinese) of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, which is set out in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services and the United Nations Office of Support for the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is set out in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, and the additional costs under the furniture and equipment of the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office at Geneva, as well as the additional requirements for furniture and equipment to replace furniture, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for new staff that is proposed for recruitment.
This is the title of a variety of years for which the definition of definition and use are also important for most of the environmental goods.
In designing, they meet a clear definition and aims for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station will be one of the recycling station if the technical assistance used to be changed.
With regard to intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights which affect trade (TRPIC), the eight WTO members of the WTO provide incentives to transfer technology.
A number of recommendations presented to the meeting include the actions that would be possible to undertake at the national level:
The increase in the number of expenditure and costs in this heading is due to the revision of the adjustment rates approved by 1 November 2002 to the new salary rates for the Professional and higher categories of staff members for the lower level of office and a reduction of the number of staff members to the lower level of staff, as well as a increase in the expenditure of the dismissal of the Mission's invasion of the Mission.
(a) A new wording read as follows:
Description of methodologies used to identify major sources of reference to the tables of the main sources of the FIU on the degree of detail table 7A1 to 73 of the guide of good practices
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all cases in the amount of amounts or removals, data data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by ageing ageing.
Thus, the topic relates to primary obligations of the State and required the existence of the existence and conciliation of the legitimate interests and multiple factors.
It also believes that there is no need for judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of action is based on the rule of the general mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as that we are to assume the burden of the remaining members of the General Assembly.
A number of resolutions were adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which there are significant measures to revitalize the General Assembly and that it is based on the draft resolution that we have just adopted.
The procedures vary from the need for the needs are not available.
They are accompanied by pressure on the purpose of which it is to accept the amendments or amendments to limit or reduce the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, which seek to participate in the World Trade Organization, with the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/18 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the duration of a nine-year term, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims have been found that they could be able to identify four claims “E4” claims reported losses of new or more important losses, in relation to those stated by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-24444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, such institutions must increase their support to infrastructure development, including in the telecommunications sector.
The globalization of development is also in addition to the deletion of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and the increase of resources, as well as increasing participation in the country's decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary transport point of the border was opened between the law to Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the purposes of local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Serbian Government to sign a agreement on the use in Serbia in Kosovo and by their appeals to discourage Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK's registration.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/7/7);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and the relevant United Nations bodies of their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that this is a first step in building the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Africa
It will also be possible to link from the world sites and the ECLAC website on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be held at the time of June 2003, at the time of June 2003 to the fourth regional technical coordination meeting of the United Nations system.
The oil price has already already been a “exist” of a war” of approximately 5 million in the last month of 2002 and exceeded 31 per cent in January 2003.
They will take place on a initial adjustment of the fact by accession to the United Nations Development Fund in order to meet the level of reference set out for budgetary deficits, as a result of the departure, they may therefore be able to apply in this period, which would have a negative impact for economic growth.
A. Thomasnn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and no part of this authority may be transferred to the self-government of the Faro Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is for example for the costs of the exploitation of ethnic minorities, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of integration projects.
The Commission's Social Social Charter provides the right to use collective action in the conflict of interest of interest, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that led to new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a key role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-African Community (EU) Agreement on the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou (Benin), in 2000, took into account a number of elements proposed by the Special Representative during the European Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in conflict prevention, a wide opportunity, including in non-governmental organizations.
Items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It is also its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms to protect human rights, including through the adoption of a gender-based approach to gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established committees or inquiry teams.
Recommendations for grants
In accordance with the provisions for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, that last year approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in its resolution 1996/31, all four years on their activities, including the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations that ACABQ had made in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.2), UNFIP has undertaken in 2002 a series of activities that are undertaken in the context of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects to streamline its activities, better to focus and more effective.
Support for women's issues were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Women's ability to implement national policy on gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/13 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs are a key feature of the economy's economy, and often the major companies in developing countries were in a global scale.
In the area of statistics, the collection of data collection, as well as work on a assessment of social implications and impact on development liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important than African countries continued negotiations with the European Union to conclude the economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Action by action
Elements
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to subprogramme 3 (Economic and codification of international law) of agenda item 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8 (Economic affairs) and 2 (Office of General Assembly and Conference) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of reproductive cloning, it is not intended to conceal the fact that a human life is a human life to destroy them in order to produce the cells of embrytic cells or other experiences.
There is a need to discuss, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all other others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information technology and communication, including the elimination of the “the “migms””, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked developing countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. River Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Preparation of the Plan of Action at the United Nations system to Combat Drug Abuse (No.
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action on Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to the projects and programmes aimed at reducing the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make the benefits of all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two radio-based radio stations, and the sub-Bchet (PS808) and Shiskk (PS.1), have been officially officially issued by the provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radio-free missile station (RN16) to Yzowkkk was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a general General Service and the transparency that took place in recent positions.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States proposed a amendment to the draft resolution pursuant to paragraph 6 (g) of the proposed text as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural products).
In terms of article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with judicial authorities to identify criminals or to release their criminal intentions will benefit from one.
At the long term, a legal framework for a flexible and effective legal framework could constitute a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of the Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are no doubt.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first framework for cooperation by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, to facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will be established by the United Nations Development Programme on 10 years, focusing on health, the population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In this Ministry, a Government of State has been responsible for the promotion of women and participation of women in development, demonstrating the willingness of the Government of the Government to devote special attention to women's issues in the Congo, all the Secretariat, the State party participating in the meetings of the Ministers of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanks to the group of the President of Brazil, and other countries for the initiatives taken by LDCs in the area of access to markets, which had been required to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded this year on a significant fund balance (table to 44 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to meet the estimates.
Ecuador
Maintenance of the
We have set up food, water and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and reducing resources in the East Asia subregion.
In the course of its daily work, women are the main protection of forest species and is therefore that it depends on the future capacity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia established a interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up to the activities of combating terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of the association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of Belarus intends to advance this process during the past few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the concept of the “public business”.
The medium-term Working Group and the programme budget will be held annually annually on a comprehensive review of technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem is crucial, and the difficulties of African producers should be considered to be a more moral and economical point.
The Action Programme launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to meet the objectives set out in the Declaration of Commitment through national, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that, at all parents, the right to guide children, the duty to guide children, to raise in a healthy environment, the integrity, accountability, responsibility, democracy, freedom and service of others, to contribute to the strengthening of families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the Indian subregion, in South-East Asia and in some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force during time of time, such as the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules on the establishment of reports may not be effective.
The Government is currently currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor in two areas, in addition to its capacity to address civilians.
Moreover, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the campaigns and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to know whether they wish to participate in the work of this new team and to communicate the Office for Outer Space Affairs coordinated by the focal points to be given to this effect.
The Czech Criminal Law is in a position of a certain degree of behaviour in this article but the penalties must be changed.
Indeed, in urban areas, female illiteracy campaigns with extreme poverty and work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to developing countries.
The Panel comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee had discussed the question without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address ways.
They support the military activities of the United States on their territory, because they forget their own history; they know that the vulnerability and knowledge of the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Economics of Guam, October October 2001, www.admin.gov/commerce.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 with regard to income and expenditure and the implementation of the evaluation of recovery, also provide good opportunities for the financial plan and the budget budget.
General
Table IV shows the changes that it is proposed for the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main elements of each appropriation.
The summary table is to provide the comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the biennium in the biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent expenditures and new investment, 2004-2005
He summarizes the progress made by the Latin American countries on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/384 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to Cizco (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cecco Commission, a strategic action programme aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and dealing with the issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and foreign relations, as well as the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts of the region continues to continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and mechanisms to follow-up and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17, 19 and 24 April; 3, 9, 19, 25 and 26; 2, 3, 7, 7, 10, 10, 19 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 April; 3, 9, 11, 19 and 24 April; 3, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 April; 2, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 13 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with Governments in the field of export control, particularly in order to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for a balanced balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and the legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent study of the Board of Directors of the United Nations agencies for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in United Nations agencies.
On 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are entirely entirely or mainly on renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the whole can be accompanied by the transparency and confidence of mutual support.
In this sense, the experience of bilateral democracies is very valuable.
At the same time, there is no opportunity to bring this opportunity to refer to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Congolese people to their families.
We can be able to speak when these attacks will only be held, because they will lose the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 people from organizations involved in the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
It is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the enormous and difficult tasks that had been assigned.
Review of the United Nations Development Programme
Statistical Study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and in April 2002, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of two countries among Asian States wishing to make a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Progress in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was also the interest of developed countries and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy was most important for the economy of the Group of Experts.
FDI could play a key role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
The delegation of Poland supports all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which beyond the control of the State and other tax controls, had a significant role in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
United Nations Development Programme
The common programme would enable States to conduct a more comprehensive perspective and risks of global society and would be used to implement the core proposals by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of Eight of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of 77 for the Advancement of Science and Technology in South (October 2002).
It should be noted in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new new speakers have been used by the guide and, as well as the other stations do not follow their example, a normalization of the decision would be achieved.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of international and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment must enable cities to maximize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made a introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems of the United Nations and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community has a priority to achieve this objective, in the framework of the United Nations, to address a decisive step towards peace in this region.
It should also be noted that a better improvement of the issue of the membership of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory may not provide such funds, assets or assets in their territory may not provide funds, assets or assets in their territory may not provide funds, assets or resources directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Almost all federal federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic training and development courses in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Suppression of Financial Offences (Fal Crimes” - New Space
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Law Act, to exercise control on the objectives, funding sources and funds of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they were not left to serve as the mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated that all the parties of the Transitional Government would provide the right to food and medicine; the full respect of human rights, including the end of the recruitment of soldiers, including the end of the recruitment of soldiers, including the end of the recruitment of soldiers and the holding of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and Budget Programme on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The responsibility of liability was not implemented in a general manner and the provisions of various conventions on responsibility and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Board of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) of the criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; and (3) responses to the revised questionnaire of the IOC on Practice of States in the area of science and Research, and the transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/9/9.
As a result of this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community in development.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit a report of annual activities on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civilian war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out the family and external areas to combat poverty without support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, for time, for the General Assembly to take into consideration at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand participation in the reporting reporting system, including amendments to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding to decide at the outset if the debtor should be subject to a liquidation procedure rather than reorganization has led some countries to review the law on insolvency and to replace separate procedures by a “State”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in the schools taking into serious situations.
We attach a high priority to our cooperation with our United Nations country partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as a means to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532), as well as the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the action that it continues to conduct bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Ecuador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform its financial interest and trust, and will make every reasonable effort to be informed on the financial interests of its family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen the support of technical support and scientific mechanisms; strengthening human resources; identifying new technologies and applications; and encourage international cooperation to support research in areas of work;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-S commended welcomed the first substantive stage of the process that would lead to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that work with you, within the United Nations, has been a fruitful experience.
We appreciate the determination and belief that you will take the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A project of technical cooperation for the Earth trade market (Mozambique) is in place and should be completed since 2003.
The DMFAS system would be self-sufficient by providing a more effective and effective debt-related procedures and the inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country with a low population, but 2.2.3 million people are threatened by starvation.
I do not always want to understand why it is difficult to accept this state of facts.
2.8 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget for each time.
Article 4.5. It is established that a fund reserve for peacekeeping operations as a cash fund for the United Nations will promptly respond to the start of new peacekeeping operations and the expansion of existing operations, and to finance the costs of the remaining and extraordinary costs of the maintenance of peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide a full payment of costs of expenditure.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it would be preferable to the interest of the Organization to provide property or to be able to be a symbolic price to another other intergovernmental organization, a Government, a public organization or another organization of non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the amount of loss of cash losses, goods and other assets, prior to the Board of Auditors, as well as the accounts, a state of all of all are subsequently returned.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
There is no need to impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the pace considered by States in the process.
Otherwise, the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, it met with families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and the victims of sexual violations; it also visited the prison and the graves.
The cost of the potential of the potential to build prefabricated offices is valued at 985671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the United Nations treaty bodies, the indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, the indigenous peoples and those who have to use their lands or who have led to the negative consequences of globalization.
Why is what?
My fifth proposal is a general nature, which is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, the peoples and Governments of the transition of those States provide accounts and to implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the process of national reconciliation in Somalia.
In the case, the League of Arab States played the role that it was expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, where Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and maintain freedom of liberty, which was recognized in resolution 1441 (2002) of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences, in accordance with the conclusions of the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session of 2004, a two of the two topics of the debate on coordination and evaluation of implementation, at the level of the existing agreed conclusions,
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the reform programmes of IMF.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main body of Mr. Duer may give the Commission to do not allow this issue.
Strengthening the efforts of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be achieved on the question of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreement of 1994 between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee shall adopt concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, the documents may be issued in a period of seven days of the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, if a later statement.
Welcoming the restructuring of the Office of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the dialogue with regard to issues such as space education and natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: Substantive servicing of annual meetings held with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to ensure that the implementation of national biodiversity and national action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for developing countries, will require the implementation of national biodiversity and national resources and technical resources,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the expansion of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two remaining of the word of the word “and” of the word” was in one one and the other words replaced by the word “cumed” and the phrase “to encourage the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the words “the Secretary-General and the heads of the secretariat of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts;
At the same meeting, the Commission adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the problems of the Convention,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons in which a debate was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/11 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress's initial refusal to support national reparations and that it provides funding and institutional stability by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must be done and that there is no opportunity for reconciliation, or to achieve multi-ethnic society, as well as to achieve multi-ethnic society by Security Council resolution 1244 (1999).
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Unit, a organization to deal with emergencies in the civilian area.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a end to those violations of the Lebanese airspace and to prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation of the session of 2003 to the Committee as set out below.
In this connection, there will be no zero tolerance against those who encourage intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He pointed out that the only concern was to ensure that such NGOs do not have its status with the Council in its activities with regard to the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th) were held.
The relationship between areas, the balance to seek, the cost of the costs and benefits such as they were known as complex.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and gas in May 2003.
If yes, please describe the measures taken.
Persons who are the subject of a analysis also have the right to know that such information, which is in the form of which it is produced and that may have access.
The criteria for the text set forth in the European Code are the following: (i) further, (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (a) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii).
2, 17 (b) of the European Agreement on the road road road Agreement of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Operators or/orors, producers of the Phono Centre and the radio broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the northern North and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent of 50.4 per cent) and 49.1 per cent of 49.3 per cent), the West-West Bank (from 49.4 per cent), the North-West region (from 49.7 per cent of 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (with 50.1 per cent, 50 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights with regard to citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not known prior to 1989 and couples had often been used to use the natural methods and condoms.
The amount of the amount of the allowance reflects the increase in the volume of school supplies, food, clothing and other stringent products for children, and to prevent school drop, a phenomenon which has taken the extent of the past few years in the context of the reduction of the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group of the United Nations Development Group, providing grants from donors to finance or improve common services to 24 teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the strategy for poverty reduction strategy.
A representative who is a point of order may, in his intervention, address the substance of the question in discussion.
(e) The implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, as a result of the implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, the Commission will serve as a forum for coordination of the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirms that partnerships, as well as initiatives undertaken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of commitments at the intergovernmental level of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Development Programme
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on trade activities in Liberia in Liberia is based on experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the model, the model in the extent that there was less than the two of the current system, will be used by several organizations.
Conditions of employment and higher staff
As a result, the amounts of mobility and hardship remains the same same.
(e) Study on the vacancy rate between the United Nations and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each of the loans was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to violence by strengthening the efforts to combat the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders of enterprises were present in the formal launch, prior to the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a more developed international network more than 1,000 companies around the world, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by their respective entities were reported.
• Rules (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has led to a atmosphere of dialogue and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and NGOs in the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Country visits
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the methods of work of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on its fortieth session, the General Assembly agreed in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, as a basis for the election of members of the Bureau of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The World People's Republic of Women, C.C., The International Federation of Women, The International Federation of the International Law, the International Federation of the International Centre, the World People's Republic of Women, The International Federation of the International People's Republic of the Congo, the United Nations Institute for Human Rights and the International People's Rights (RII), the International Federation of the International Centre of the International People's Republic of the Congo, C.C., the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, C.C., the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the United Nations Institute for Human Rights and the International People's Rights (RRI), the United Nations Institute for Human Rights and the International People's Rights (RII), the International Federation of the International Centre of the Congo, the United Nations Institute for Human Rights and the International People's Rights (RII), the International Federation of the International People's Republic of the United Nations, the United Nations Institute for Human Rights and the International People's Rights (RII), the International
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat to the growing manufacture of illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and to provide measures to reduce the threat of a high priority.
These successes require long-term investment in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Questions.
Statement submitted by the Wall of the H-Dame of the French Church of New Zealand, non-governmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNSO and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lin Bama, J.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
The Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines,obyobyoby and Other devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, such as amended on 3 May 1989 annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they should be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and the results of the results of the outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that three additional posts to be extended to a military expert.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, giving recognition of their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account the issues of concern to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the right to protection, including the gacal, and the military soldiers, temporarily exported Somalia, for their personal use, by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts made by the Research Centre on History, article and Islamic Culture (IICCA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the association of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of the information of information on economic and cultural development, and calls upon industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively in the World Summit on Information and Coordination Society.
Efforts to combat refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Trade Organization, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity between member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and the whole sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its work programme, including the establishment of informal negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prohibition of the production of fissile material in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin the substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on External debt of African States and other member States
In Istanbul, Mr. 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on the investment of private sector and the role of co-sponsors in the member States in collaboration with the relevant agencies of the OIC and also thank the Republic of Turkey for his appreciation to the workshop.
PDDO-NGO with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
In addition, States members that provide technical infrastructure for the conservation and rehabilitation of the company, to grant scholarships from the Institute, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49 of the United Nations Declaration on the Declaration of Principles to Combat Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope, will receive high attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system on our mission and to our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be crucial to avoid a possible conflict, if appropriate measures are not taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of factors, as they require highly qualified and experienced personnel, which are a growing risk of illegal or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, the UNCITRAL Group asked “Rapporteur on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of a analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine the economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions which called upon the withdrawal of the Israeli forces of all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council, the Foreign Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/1680 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of persons and entities in the Consolidated List of the United Nations, in its note No. 12/3/160 of 3 April 2003, and to use the transfer of goods to goods, and to provide them to the Department of Customs and the Department of Customs to the Department of Customs.
Invites States to review and reform where appropriate legislation and practices in order to address 18 years the minimum age of marriage, or without the consent of parents, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to communicate to the Special Rapporteur all data to be collected from all sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee does not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 will be complemented by a amount not exceeding $200 million (see A/58/214, paras.
Each sub-government is adapted to the technology technology and procedures of the organization.
The participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see the improvement of services that are proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognizes the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirming that all human beings are free free and equal in dignity and rights, regardless of all of the rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction on any, and that the individual is committed to the community where the free free and full enjoyment of its personality is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage all providing assistance to the strengthening of capacity-building through enhanced capacity-building programmes, capacity-building on terrorism, providing priority attention to training and ensure that programmes are implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Division, Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Trade Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they are estimated to 211,475,55, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or a location where their lives is safe and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is in danger;
It is a growing trend to give the priority to the peace of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that we can undermine the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees that this suggestion.
The General Assembly must conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
She regrets, however, that there is still a need for countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase of the work of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported the scope of scope.
As stated in previous previous reports, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after the evidence of the claim and other evidence, which is responsible for the balance of the claimants and the other evidence, which is responsible for losses and damage directly directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, to resolve this problem, our State deals with the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority will encourage hatred, glorization and offer a moral burden, as well as the murder, the massacres.
If we can like to take the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel has a end to the occupation of our territory, which is trying to send settlers, which has caused to lose our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made in the mechanism for sustainable development and, in particular, the appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider to incorporate in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board as adopted as paragraphs below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections have been suspended, the Government of the Pinochet Court has attempted to improve the provision of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 2002/21 of the Working Group, the Working Group informed the Board that it had identified the main themes of its work, in 2003: “The indigenous peoples and globalization” in 2004: “The protection of indigenous traditional knowledge in national and international levels”, and in 2006: “Children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant to be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to the peace, security and justice of friendly relations and cooperation between States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document had been mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no case of exceptions when the right of peoples to self-determination should be taken.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is a statutory basis under the process of the Convention.
A contribution of contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Conference for Contributions for Development Activities from November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
In 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only only 55188 (see table 1 above).
(d) The purpose of the work of the State, or the termination of the contract of a employee and, if the head of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of the employer, is likely to interfere with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held in the Centre of FLC, Milanoano, Milan.
That process is recognized and designated as it should be (in transition in transition or knowledge) or not all, all regulations which strengthen the acquisition systems of knowledge, free a human potential, enables the best value and knowledge of social, economic and political life, with a view to this new phase of development.
Mary10 I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons for staff and professional, and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the indicator set out by the Friends of the Presidency.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph (para.
The representative of any or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide the necessary guidance to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
The State party calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies that would be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the area of representation of women in different levels of government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take steps to ensure the safety of all personnel involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are at the review, including the laws relating to investment and registration of enterprises and a bill on the ground.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent developments in the past recent period of events in the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth point is that the Government is the East Timorese, in order to create 44.1 million gross income, including 26.7 million in income income from the East Timor during the past year, shows that the State is increasingly more able to mobilize its resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions on the development of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increasing with the years.
One of the case was being carried out in the case of university, in the aim of which it appears to create a climate of terror after the event of students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend to use excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in relation to the controversy on the question of the acquisition in order to replace XV and the form of coal, which have been destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions that were held by Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the goal was to resolve the issues considered by the former Special Committee as vague or outstanding.
Efforts were made in the past in the form of the proposed text in the hope of us to overcome this political impasse.
We are expected to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
In favour of peace, we can be able to ensure that we seek to do so, in making a determination and political will of political will.
I would like to express to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security is guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it is a time where there is a time for a change in political attitude, because of a new commitment to the cooperation of Saddam Saddam Hussein, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of peace and international security.
In view of the view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime is still the main factor to ensure the cooperation of Iraq with the Inspectors, and is also the primary condition to find a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
The entities who are involved in financial systems;
As we have stated, Egypt signed or ratified all conventions relating to the 1951 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude towards the fight against terrorism.
In addition, it is impossible to build confidence in the next day, we must remain vigilant in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still still a large number of and a third and a third would soon be open, once again, in a.
In some cases, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable to intervene across the world is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms to encourage the growth of employment and social welfare, such as effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Elimination of Poverty and the fight against Social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure education and a central role in the research of social progress.
From Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all norms and international rules concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those of the United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination for disabled persons.
In order to ensure that the secretariat's divisions have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent per cent of the budgets of the project projects should be assigned to the division of the project.
In the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those who are designed for emergency services, and laboratory-processing units and other services for children, have made that the conditions in which medical personnel provide care is extremely difficult.
What policy has a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and under the provisions of its Constitution on respect for international law.
[Original: English] [1 June 2003]
The employment has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level than.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/ Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Access to sources of energy and the high cost of fuel and fuel shortages have serious repercussions on urban transport, increasing production costs and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
As a result, the transfer of transfers that has a account in the bank and wishes to transfer a higher amount of $10,000 from the United States or the equivalent to another other.
Article 35 of the Rules provides that:
It could, as suggested by the Secretary-General, creating a multi-stakeholder group of review mechanisms for debt restructuring, and the conclusions would be made to the attention of the intergovernmental decision bodies.
