It is therefore concerned that the laws should be taken to combat terrorism in the United Nations system and services of the competent authorities to be provided to the justice.
Ms. Chzzz (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked on behalf of the European Union, asked the Special Rapporteur's future programme programme and whether it is appropriate.
First, we need to increase the responsibility of the Government, particularly in the institutions of security, and to strengthen efforts to support and reconciliation.
All armed factions, including the fact of war and Taliban, which have been victims of illicit trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to achieve this trend in the principles of international humanitarian law, and that issues are needed to be done.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure a dissemination of its concluding observations on all levels of society, including the officials of the State and members of the judiciary, and to inform its report in the next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those comments.
If additional funds have been provided to the development programmes in Africa, the resources for the United Nations Development Fund is expected to be added.
Adoption of the report on the Credentials
6 See resolution 505.
During the second phase, in the context of the biennium budget for the biennium 2004-2005, P-4 and six posts of General Service will be extended to the United Nations website, to strengthen the management of the website.
Background
A new guide for the analysis of the survey in 2003.
The statistical statistics (see the number of items, pages 323) should reflect that the impact had been made to reduce access to unemployment.
In this regard, it should focus on the needs of the least developed countries, the participation of those countries in global world remains still and, as no other of the United Nations.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq's efforts.
There are no priority in Iraq.
Following this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is a effective means to strengthen the pressure on Iraq to implement the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
It is also to be able to be a way.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on its recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L/3, adopted decision -/CP.8 entitled “Financing and technology technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The legislative reforms, including other assistance, including the provision of technical assistance, including the maintenance of equipment necessary to build security in force and training personnel, particularly in the field of the registration of documents.
Noting that Governments's Governments have been made to meet the financial control of the financial system,
A/58/58 (Part II), chap.
In order to consider the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to be useful to the annex to its decision 1999 1999 which contains the principles of guidelines on the implementation of the Sub-Commission on the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The assessment of education education in the Horn of Africa and Africa has been able to address the root causes of the problem, there are the main factors of women and the financial resources for girls to the family, the main social factors of the right to equal education in order to be the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Co. (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly in the time of the Secretary-General on the role of the United Nations.
In my view, he seems to say that there is a number of acts to ensure that future generations.
In the period of economic difficulties, the Government has provided five million million, the last year to implement the strategic plan for HIV/AIDS.
Case No. 23/2001 (SU)
The Supreme Court has been made to leave, but the Supreme Court of the Arab Arab Arab Emirates has been released.
The Government contends that those persons have been arrested to investigate the Israeli authorities.
Mr. Yawi (b) A Rica, Costa former Rico, President of the Committee for Action for the Former Republic of Action, a political policy, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to the first six months and detained in the prison of Gaza, despite its application.
The Working Group, noted that the Government of the Government to adopt measures to address the situation in accordance with standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is scheduled to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories, including appropriate means and procedures for their respective activities.
The rules of this issue will be only to the confidence-building.
These initiatives to improve the needs and aspirations of the peoples of colonial domination with their view to a global economy.
Only the United Nations is a mandate of a legitimate mandate in its Charter and the judicial authority and the legitimacy of the international legitimacy to meet the major challenges of peace and security.
At the time, the United Nations must not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also to provide support to the people of Iraq.
UNDP is currently a post-General for HIV/AIDS to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations for the strategy and initiatives to facilitate the work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its rules, the organization, on the proposal of the Secretary-General and consultation in consultation with the Executive Board, the work of the Commission on Human Rights and for respect to the Commission of the United States of America.
The Non-Terrorism Republic of article 3 shall be carried out by the following:
See, in example, article 9 of the Law on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If the opinion of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the legislation on the insolvency law could be considered in the international law, it was noted that it was closely with the relevant and security law.
Following a discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received a support.
International framework (A/CN.9/WG.
Nicaragua is also part of many international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the United Nations Convention on Prevention and Punishment of Money-laundering in Trafficking and Related crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Legal Affairs.
Recommendation No.
The idea of the United Nations system at a high-level level of the fact that it was a need to improve coherence and effectiveness of the international sector.
(c) In connection with the nature of the activities, it is not appropriate to the nature of the activities;
In a case in the other hand, the Council's position cannot be considered as used.
However, the United Nations system in the United Nations is a estimated of the percentage of the world.
Financial Regulations and regulations of the United Nations (S/SGB/AC.2/L.2 February February February February February 2003.
In 2002, the Executive Committee has reviewed the structure and the composition of the Secretariat, including the staff has been found.
Not no part of the session of the Panel, three documents will be not available to the session, but they will be available to the United Nations website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
C.S-up for future 45
The three three options are not mutually whole.
However, when the Republic of Haiti has been made to follow.
The system has demonstrated its effectiveness in its part of the basis of the form of the material.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2th meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The Security Council also also in the principle of the principle of the Rome Statute, with the Court of the Court or the Security Council, it is responsible to consider the first case of criminal criminal courts to conduct or obligations of a State party to the Statute of the Rome Statute, or to comply with the United Nations period.
It is also convinced that the Secretary-General followed the adoption of resolution 14122.
It is also concerned that the International Criminal Court, which have been a reality, which is a reality, in the course of the election, in its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Declaration of E-mail has been signed by all factions in the Conference and the presence of neighbouring countries, those leaders have been committed to and to be made and to do.
The first of weapons and ammunition of the Republic of Iraq has been identified.
According to the staff of the British British police, in Nairobi and London, the tsunami has been established in Somalia by the Asian and West Asia.
Singapore
The political policies have been a first year in the country.
The legislation in Myanmar shall all all aspects of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and to establish a effective effective system in order to ensure the United Nations personnel and associated to their missions.
Although it has begun its work at two years ago, it had already been made results.
The Association of the Association that subsidies for the environment and the use of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
Moreover, the framework of a common languages of the United Nations on conflict prevention, through interaction and experience.
It was also responsible to provide other options for future resources for the post-service insurance.
The United Nations Services Service and other donors have been carried out by the Office of the United Nations Programme Services Programme.
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the report of the United Nations Office for the offices.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court in 1995 shows that two 16 accused were women.
The perpetrator is likely to be the most most than the most of the African society.
In practice, the police has been defined that a woman's police has been considered when a victim of violence in the home or sexual abuse.
The International Centre for the Sea is headed by a independent and staff of a independent expert.
The pregnancy's pregnancy has always been a major focus in rural areas and there are a concerted effort to address the girl, as possible of the situation of the Government of the village of the village.
• Non-governmental organization
There are no effort to restore the process that we will be made in order to prevent the United Nations system, 30 years and has been taken on weapons.
This legislation is important to the importance of Armenia, as a legal basis for a future of the United Nations system system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than the peace, security and the balance of a important issue in our time and a imperative to build the development of nations in democratic harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation to Belgrade in the United Nations Mission to cooperate with a solution to issues related to the opening of two new issues between the presence of Serbia and Montenegro.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the work of the Security Council.
I join the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information.
India will provide additional information on its comments and will be held at the discussions to address the problems.
Draft report of the Committee
At its 58th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee elected Mr. Hanana (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Pinheiro, Ms. Pinheiro (Cuba) (Cuba) and A Excellency Mr. Balarh (Morocco) (Cuba) and Mr. Balzz (Mal) Rapporteur.
It is particularly to continue to improve the technical structure of the system in order to ensure the presence of the ground on the field of the United Nations at the field of the United Nations in the field of the United Nations in the field of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
48th meeting on international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
At the same time, I would like to make a few remarks at the time, Japan's presidency.
The Committee on Development and Development is the issue of the question at its next meeting, in 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will take this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Šimonović would like to know on the vision of France for the future.
The period on the period since the first report of MONUC, and also is the final assessment of the action of Peacekeeping Operations before the United Nations mission.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not required.
(d) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle of a single State, which is a case, which is a case.
Mr. Pronv (spoke in English): As note of the previous remarks, I would like to thank the delegations of the United States and for their briefing on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and reducing the impact of drought through sustainable development is a major challenge.
The socio-economic socio-economic aspects are complex.
The programme of the establishment of nuclear weapons and their components.
Facts and contentions
29.3 The objectives of the United Nations Office to the United Nations Office at Vienna to provide support to the United Nations Office in Vienna to provide support to the United Nations Human Resources Management, and fully fully fully the implementation of the reform of human resources management.
We support the opportunity to promote, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy against the fight on Forests and the Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the authorities and the authorities of the authorities were set out in the Security Council of Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region is currently to all the implications of a new application.
Ms. Šimonović (Azerbaijan), speaking on the fact that Armenia had been submitted to all provisions of the Security Council, requests that it is the main source of the Council on the withdrawal of the withdrawal and without the armed forces of the occupying forces of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to the rights of human rights and humanitarian humanitarian law and to cooperate in the implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental matters
The meeting of information organized by the Working Group on Information Information and communications of the United Nations, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003 at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the local authorities in Kosovo is crucial to the proliferation of crime and is in the way of concrete results that we will be transferred to their capacity.
While the situation in a return to peace, UNRWA must be able to meet the requirements of a situation in phase and development, and to conclude the end of the Special Representative of the United Nations for the implementation of the Peace Agreement.
(ii) A decrease of $0,000 expenditures for the maintenance of the premises, which is attributable to the proposed budget budget;
Letter's social policy and standards of services to the authorities in order to improve the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and conflict.
Action and combating HIV-AIDS
1.14 The rate of the use of data and teachers of the Office.
Table 15 Financial and technical requirements: resource requirements
Improvement of women in rural areas
- The word “D””” after the word “and”” in the first version and the word word after the word “F”””, which would be entitled “D and effective”.
(d) To ensure that regional stakeholders are taking account to the best values of the public service, in particular to ensure that the management of resources, human Nations management management, transparency, evaluation, the obligation to provide staff and support to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures contained in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) in paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1325 (2000) and in paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1373 (2001).
A approach to indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We have been known, and we will continue to achieve Côte d'Ivoire's work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past of the past neighbouring countries.
It would be a result of accountability to improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Federal Seabed Authority is invited to submit a certificate, to provide a statement, to provide a statement that that the diamonds of rough diamonds are not diamonds.
Other progress is contained:
(c) To consider the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar shall be able to reduce the costs in the headquarters of the Tribunal to be established, in particular the international nature of the Tribunal, and the recommendations of the Tribunal;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the submission of the claim.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the programme of the use of weapons have been delayed and the process of weapons of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between rules and aspects, in this regard, it is essential and cannot be excluded.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a group of working-sessional working group was held in Geneva, 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect to the opinion of the child
(f) To increase more resources, the financial financial, including training, including training and related assistance to families of children;
(a) To develop a series of measures to be taken by the Convention's implementation of the Convention and the parents (including particular, including initiatives to address persons who are not not received or not received education education, including the civil society and all levels of the Government;
(d) The difficulties that in respect to the awareness of parents with their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party to establish effective mechanisms for the child and other other matters on its own.
It is therefore whether the approach to strengthen and improve the situation of human rights and its control on persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter to the Secretary-General, as well as terror, and that the process process.
Inter-year session
Figure 3.
The reform of the United Nations as such as we is not our goal.
The most recent reports established by the Division of the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/5 and A/56/354), which as the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system in the area of the United Nations system.
I hope that I am the support of the sixty-up to the long-up to the implementation of the priorities in the protection of protection and it will be helpful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and human rights in the field of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the important statement 1820 (2003) by Mexico and adopted by the Council at the presidency of the presidency of the Security Council, on the protection of the United Nations personnel, personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian population must not be taken by the attacks by war to prevent access to humanitarian assistance.
The recommendations of the Board are made by the Secretariat's secretariat with the relevant rules of the United Nations, including the United Nations High Commissioner for behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of decision in the fourth session of the World Trade Conference on the review of the Human Rights Conference in the review of the Council on the Rights of Human Rights in the context of the relationship between the Agreement on Human Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Commission on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission taken effective measures in respect of impunity and responsibility and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has made many occasions on the importance of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farh (United Republic of Iran) took a seat at the Council table, Mr. Go (Colombia), Mr. Go (Colombia), Mr. Go (Colombia) (Ukraine), Mr.un.org (United Republic of Iran) and Mr. Ku (United Republic of Iran) and Mr. Yv (United Republic of Iran) and Mr. Yv (United Republic of Iran) and Mr. Kvk (Ukraine) took the seats of all who are reserved on the side of the Council.
I would like to call on the issue of the situation in Afghanistan.
I would like to like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the role of the continued and continued role of the fight to combat drugs.
States cannot act in the problem.
(d) Effective management management management and internal controls;
States Parties shall be taken in accordance with their national law, to accelerate the procedures of extradition and procedures in regard to crimes relating to crimes.
(i) The entity and activities of persons involved in criminal offences, where they are or outside other persons;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article is not intended to support the victims of offences.
The State Party should consider the possibility of a final judgement in cases where it may be obtained by the author's author may be brought to death death, or or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Oversight Office adopted a revised document with the Office of the United Nations Development Fund, which are taken into consideration of the mechanisms of the United Nations Office for Contributions on the request of funds, management of additional contributions to the use of funds.
The United Nations Development Programme, the World Bank on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank of Great Settlements, the World Bank of Great Settlements, the World Bank of Great Settlements, the World Bank of Great Settlements, the World Bank of Great Settlements, the World Bank of Great Settlements and the Central Development Programme, the World Bank of Great Settlements and the Central Development Programme, the World Bank of Great Settlements and private companies, including the United Nations Regional Centre and other private companies, including,,, L.
For further information, please contact Ms.m Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been established as a principle for negotiations.
(f) The rule of the use of anti-personnel mines concerning articles 4 and 5, including information on the methods of the destruction, the maintenance of all places of destruction and standards in the security and protection of the environment;
The Internet is the following: http://www.un.org.org/ga.
Informal consultations” on the draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.18 entitled “Report of debt and development” (item 9 (e) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
In September 2001, at 10 December 2003, the Palestinians had been able to live their homes in the Israeli military forces who have been killed by the Israeli military forces who have been killed in the Israeli military forces, and destroyed the homes of aircraft, while their own people.
Cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in that.
In the same time, I am a whole in detail.
Mr. President, I thank you on the present meeting I would like to thank Ambassador to Mr. Egeland, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and its proposals on the implementation of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1718 (2003) of Security Council and the need to the threat of self-Qaida.
Finally, he said that the Secretariat should take that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain on the financial situation of UNODC.
Provisional agenda for the 47th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.7/Rev.1 (A/C.2/61/L.43) (A/C.6/61/L.13) and A/C.5/59/L.6.6
Signature: Poland (10 December 2000)
A/C.5/58 Item Item -- programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Committee on the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Committee -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have been examples of other sources of the official statistics, which should be developed in their own areas.
Nairobi, 5 May 2003
It is firmly committed to the fulfilment of its obligations under the Treaty and agreements in the session of Agenda and 2000 and the implementation of the implementation of those measures to be implemented in the Conference.
The European Kingdom and other organizations are often known and television stations to inform civilians from the presence and threats of war war after after the cessation of hostilities, when the civilian casualties are often inadequate.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do?
None.
[Subsequently of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic People's Republic was informed by the Secretariat.
Reaffirming that the importance of the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the review of human rights, as well as the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The incident of India, 30 May 2003, was a influence on the number of the report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
In addition, the completion of the peace process will meet the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the situation of drought and the impact of a conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to consider this issue.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
In the same time, a member or a member representative shall be made by the President of the President.
(a) Appointment of the meeting;
Rule 87
Article 9
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports and other other documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties, as well as the decision of the Committee, to the members of its subsidiary organs and other interested entities.
States parties to the Committee, by the Secretary-General, reports on the measures that they have taken to implement their commitments under the Convention, in a period period for the entry of the Convention concerned.
In the exercise of its mandate, special rapporteurs, with the Committee to the State party.
In the exercise of its functions, the President is under the authority of the Committee.
Article 7
The acts of violence committed in the region of Jordan's region was committed in three categories:
On 12 October, the soldiers have entered force in the prison's visit.
All persons have been expressed by the fact that there had been a number of rape of girls, including some who were a age of 10 years.
It is at the basis of the report of the Team's report was opened on 27 suspects.
World crisis crisis
Once the General Assembly, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions sanctions under the law of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific and the Pacific, as well as the provisions of the specific provisions.
Review process for the requirements of the requirements
Their role should be made and responsibilities and responsibilities.
On the 458 million million for the financial costs of 30 June 2002, only 1 million, paras. 100 per cent of the total year had been transferred to the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office to establish mechanisms to address the number of consultants received by the system system system, promote the quality of the system, to ensure that the necessary resources are available to training, the organization and management of knowledge and management, in the context of a new policy policy.
The Advisory Committee recommended that the Board of Auditors shall provide a assessment assessment of the capacity and skills of OIOS to ensure administrative audit services in the administration of the Fund, as well as the standards of the United Nations system system, and to report on the assessment of its report on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) The use of the use of a certificate
The financial institutions shall be provided to submit financial transactions and monitoring.
Having considered the report of the Committee with its experts, the Committee against the Counter-Terrorism Representative is sent to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations.
The offence is committed by any person, or indirectly with the entry on the territory of a individual person, which is, or there is no good reasons that it is a woman of torture or to seek asylum.
The number of women's positions in the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women's participation.
- The establishment of the General Committees in the field of women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to provide a minimum unit of the resources, as possible as possible, as well as the fact that persons who are all activities for their responsibilities can be vulnerable to the security security.
In section 8 of the Charter of the Charter, in light of the provisions of the Violence of Violence, 1996 (No. 1996 (Law 1996 on Violence against Women, including other trafficking relating to non-compliance and proceedings and to provide a number of credentials of the arrest.
The next review of the Charter would be particularly in the context of the possibility of the information to be provided to information.
Emphasizing that the elimination of insecurity, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, in New Zealand, the Israeli occupation, occupation, occupation and occupation in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment of human rights and women,
Article 12
States parties are concerned to all and the women's rights in respect to the law of persons to freely freely freely freely freely choose their families and their families.
Attendance
It could also request to the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group on the basis of the provisions of the legislation on procurement standards.
• To provide information under article 44 of the Law on Civil institutions in accordance with the attacks of 11 September 2001 on United States States (aununataten___________1
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided to take a vote:
While these events have been affected in the region in the region, there was a result that they had been achieved on most than the region in the region, while the overall trend in 2002 has been a result of some cases.
Such plans have been improved, the establishment of sound warning systems and the establishment of communications between the areas of the areas and communities.
UNESCO, OECD and several organizations in the Government would encourage the activities of biodiversity in the context of remote sensing and programming.
The various issues of the thematic discussion and draft resolutions have been submitted and discussed by 11th meeting on 20 October to 20 October (see A/C.4/59/PV.113).
Noting with the practice of the International Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Human Rights and Peoples,
Welcomes the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to provide the principles of the Principles relating to the Protection of Persons in their own dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations, as well as other stakeholders, and requests to continue its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Principles;
In November, UNMIL has been focused on its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of two judges shall be provided in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be held, including the presidential elections, and municipal.
See communication No. 164, A Chief, and the Gaza's Republic of Gibraltar v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/60/23), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is responsible in the United Nations Code of Civil and Criminal Procedure.
It was published and published in all countries to monitor the proceedings and the need for a number of life and marriage in order to be taken by the public public and to facilitate its cooperation.
The Government of the Government has been taken by the Government of the Government.
Encourages the Secretary-General, acting by the Division for the Office of the Transitional Assistance, continue to continue to take account in the context of the nature of assistance for assistance, as well as the increase of the Government of the Government, in particular the capacity of the Government, especially the capacity of national institutions;
Ms. Šimonović said whether the minimum minimum age of marriage is the same part of men and women and it is at least 18 years.
UNDP is to provide more important to the reconciliation process, to the restoration of social cohesion and economic recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/256, which stressed that globalization does not be taken into account the human rights, the development of the development of the country.
His country continues to continue to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48 Cooperation between national authorities
The text adopted in section A chapter II (resolution 2003/64.
At the date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, including 18 States parties to the Convention had made the statement in paragraph 1 of the Convention.
Concluding observations of the Committee
However, the periodic report of the measures taken to ensure the realization of human rights in the provinces where are often working in the ethnic minority and the World Republic of Women.
They said that there was a violation of Denmark in paragraph 1 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in the support of the High Court in the region of 5 February 1999, a violation of racial discrimination does not be taken in a violation of racial discrimination not not in a violation of the honour of the honour of article 26 of the Law on Civil responsibility.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding of the Council in its prior consultations, the President, acting with the consent of the Council, a invitation under rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Director-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report submitted to the future of the programme budget.
A reference to the same and summary of the work will be taken in section B.3 with information on example of the effects of data, as well as the importance of technical technologies (para.
Impact, economic and economic change
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above (a) would be able to address this problem.
It should be made to developing countries to implement implementation, in the form of financial resources and additional assistance, transfer of technology and capacity.
Participants on the World Forum on Water, which was held in Japan, which have developed a action plan to identify a number of projects in the world and to establish a network network for the activities of water activities.
(In the annex in the annex in the annex to the present document.
24.6 The amount of the amount, 25 million ( cent) will be funded in: (a) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (b) (Other level) and (c) for the biennium 2002-2003, and (c) of the biennium items for the functioning of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in coordination of assistance in conflict situations and in conflict, among the implementation and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): 457,700
Training
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the Working Group resumed its vote without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections will be issued by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides, except in the case of a election of a permanent seat.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to identify and reduce the consequences of the Chernobyl crisis.
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit the Secretary-General to submit, at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea, which includes some forms of assistance (resolution 56/19);
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Declaration of the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 63/17) and, under agenda item (Report of the United Nations system”” to consider the issue of the following two years on its fifty-sixth session (resolution resolution5).
Review of the question of peacekeeping operations in all its aspects
World Fund
Promotion of the young people
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the progress made in the United Nations system for children against children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the General Assembly of the Secretary-General on Children and armed conflict to submit the Secretary-General on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, in account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Mandate expires on 31 December 2005.
We urge the international community to increase its contributions.
This is why the responsibility of the General Assembly and other other organs of the United Nations is only to the States of Member States, as well as those they are a position to address the work that we are all.
The United Nations Millennium Declaration and conferences on the financing of Development and the Millennium Summit on Sustainable Development have led to great hope in the international community, including countries in developing countries, in particular countries to achieve a stable socio-economic growth, and we.
This objective may be reached by a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of institutional strategies that would allow the world of nuclear weapons.
In the various different types of national women, in the various types of national women, schools, 37 and hospitals in all children and youth facilities.
The Programme of the Latin America and the Caribbean, in which the needs of the poor poor, has continued attention to the needs of innovative tools and education tools.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the secretariat of the Strategy.
The use of access to markets, including income and inflation rates for developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council was elected for the Committee during the period period during a period period, to 1 January 2001, the representatives of the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Mauritius, Cambodia, the Netherlands and Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief summary of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which, in your country, to monitor the transfer of such funds or assets:
It is also imperative that the Security Council will be strengthened in the process of the peace process, which is a result of the momentum in the process of peace process, as well as we would be made on the ground.
We believe that that it is a need to be a urgent challenge.
We appreciate the establishment of a advisory group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil.
It will be recalled by the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002, on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the region of Central Africa for the maintenance of peace and security, held by the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/20006).
]
(Signed) Carolade Permanent Director
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. K Arabia recalled that “The Council has been made to Iraq's obligations to fulfil its obligations and resolve, and not on the United Nations authorities to be attempted since it.
It is a number of information information on the organization and the administration of these sites and are not incompatible with the mandate of the Joint Inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Manalo to take a seat at the Council table.
The situation in this regard to the local authorities may be provided in account the lack of expertise of society, which was a other hand.
The majority of the non-General's majority continue to be able to be a high of the high-to-to-to.
At the same hand, our bilateral cooperation can be able to all the international community, as well as the United Nations to support the process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be responsible in the week.
(b) The database on projects is divided in two sections, the projects of the United Nations and the projects of non-governmental organizations, regional organizations and Governments;
(e) The term of the carrier shall be entitled to a person that the carrier shall be entitled to the carrier's person in the rule of the carriage of the carriage of the carriage of the carriage of the carriage of the goods, as well as any activities shall be taken in the request of the carrier under the contract of the carriage of the carriage of the carriage of the carriage, as well as or any activities to the request of the carrier, is provided in the contract of carriage, which are not considered or under the contract of the contract.
The provisions was amended in accordance with this proposal.
The Working Group may wish to consider the possibility of a paragraph 1 bis to the provision of a paragraph 1 bis.
In addition to the same hand, there is to note that there is a result of the fact to be implemented by a third number of Member States, including some countries, to limit the spread of HIV-related countries.
Most systems of the police's system in accordance with the Implementation of the Implementation Agreement as a basis of national data based on the Internet and are fully operational operational activities.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our neighbours.
Haiti was the first part of the country to sign a agreement with the World Fund.
The National Council has been established by the National Council to assist people and affected people.
As most of the region in the region, Zimbabwe depends on the support of donors for HIV/AIDS, but that support had been 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic of the Republic was adopted that the responsibility of the State's law on HIV-AIDS and the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has been done in recent years in the past years of cooperation with UNIDO in areas as the fight against pollution-based pollution and industry, the promotion of investment and technology.
The implementation of the implementation of the general framework is a effort to mobilize resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial financial implications, 4471,1, are included in the budget budget for 2004 to the programme of the General Assembly.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international cooperation: international migration
Urges States to ensure any person in the court or a court under the jurisdiction of the right to the right to present trial and to prosecute the assistance of a State commission;
In 2001, the Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to be done.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it should be adopted to the end of policies to address social, economic and cultural issues.
The International Organization for Migration (WTO) has been made to combat trafficking in its priorities and closely with various organs and United Nations agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls on the implementation of the standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Šimonović (Singapore) said that the results of the World Conference on Trade (WTO) held in place, and regretted the absence of the agreement on the use of customs and agricultural subsidies, which have reportedly been destroyed from $1 billion from the United States dollars for the rich countries and the poor and contributed to the eradication of poverty in 2015.
If there is no need to address the globalization of globalization will be able to have the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has been proposed to address the problems facing development, as in urban areas and in the streets, but it is a result of the presence of anti-up to its territory.
The tragic causes of the sea, is a example of problems.
Mr. B B (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Declaration and Programme of Action is a milestone in the context of the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hope that the international protection of migrants, particularly women migrant workers, which are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a equitable and equitable standard to know that it may be likely to be subjected to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, should be amended in paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They often include the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
expenses of travel and benefits for work activities
(e)
Article.2
(iv) In the area of public education, there is a result in the area of the United Nations, the presence of the Secretary-General is not available in the region, which is not in the area of the Secretary-General, the amount of the Prosecutor is available to the same level, which are provided in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States would not provide the proposal of the United Nations peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial Regulations and rules of the financial Regulations in force and risk of the General Assembly may be held on each mission.
It would like to emphasize the Secretariat's Secretariat that it has been made to assist the posts of the General Service, in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in the total number of projects in five countries.
1 January Caribbean
(d) It is important to the implementation of projects (including results, the results of their country, etc etc and dissemination of lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that in accordance with the provisions of its resolution resolution (X) of 15 December 1994, it would be transferred to the amount of the Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a Government has been established in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these factors is the case of all and we have made a active number of the international community.
The expansion of the work of work is difficult to the work of the decision on the various areas of various organizations in various areas as e-commerce, the rules of transport, security, security, security and infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the work of the two projects of terrorism, which should be completed.
The text of the following documents:
The implementation of this resolution should be made in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/29 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should be submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and at September 2002.
(e) The adoption of the measures to improve the conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid violence between the spouses that the use of violence against the prosecution of detention.
2.4 On the same time, the police officer has been made in the headquarters in Kelela, to make his people's people.
The obligations of the first sentence of the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention is the obligation to provide compensation and compensation to the victims of any State.
According to the State party notes that no time of the author's proceedings has been provided on the torture.
He argues that his claims against Sri Lanka would be a violation of the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has, as it out to ensure in accordance with paragraph 22 of the Convention, the same question was not considered and not not in consideration of a international body of investigation or settlement.
According to his arrest, the authorities had requested a first time, but it was rejected to the case of the person.
(b) The statement shall be a essential element of the author against the author;
In accordance with the requirements of the allegations of which Mr.unanaa was made by torture, the complainant referred to a report of the Department of Action on the period during which the following declarations were considered as follows:
The work of the complainant is not the source of the mother's mother.
A note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on admissibility and the merits of the request, he also requested the Committee to withdraw its request to the Committee in accordance with paragraph 7 of its rules of procedure.
In addition to extradition of Spain, the Office of Justice has accepted the conduct of torture.
No. other information is subject to these problems.
A number of countries responded to 65.
In the end of the meantime, it would be likely to go in this area in this area, is likely to be a result of differences and practices with various international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
In the maintenance of peace and settlement of the conflict, Georgia would say that this change.
Observer status for the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/58 and A/C.3/56/L.3)
48th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistical Division is closely closely with UNDP in the areas of the areas, and analysis of indicators and standards and needs.
The first work of research has already already been made in the results of the comprehensive and development process.
i.
Emphasizes the essential role of policies and political parties, and must play in strengthening democracy in the fight against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages the political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2005/L.4.4
The means of the extent that a activities is fully consistent with the national objectives and is in the context of these objectives.
It will be able to be able to provide that the objectives are achieved, but they will be considered in account their interests.
The Convention on the Convention and Other Other Acts Committed on the aircraft, signed in Tokyo on 14 September 1993.
Section II in the political and legislative process and new arrangements on New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint team by the South-Pacific Network (PAP) by Kakak, and the Canadian society of the dosos, and the Canadian society, in order to the construction of a series of a culture in the province in the northern North Islands.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand has dropped from 10 per cent and from Japan.
At the 3th meeting of the Commission on Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that it could be on the representative of Papua New Guinea and Western Sahara.
Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure will be issued after four weeks, with the date of a decision was taken in Iraq.
In regard to chemical arms, the facilities of Iraq has been made or destroyed by the Blue aircraft.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions of refugees, returnees and displaced persons: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
It was provided in particular a detailed summary of the draft resolution, the draft documents issued as a document of its work of the Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.1), CEDAW/E/MIB).
The budget estimates under the period for the period in the period, which are estimated by the United Nations staff, including the staff of the country and 8 United Nations Volunteers, which is a decrease of 431,000, from the amount of the biennium budget.
(a) International Fund for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting particularly the importance of the country's important countries, which are well as non-being of diamonds to participate in the process of the Kimberley Process,
Report on the implementation of the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, the new proposals, the new proposals, which have not only not only in practice, not only only in practice in practice of the coordination of the Committee, but there are not a major range of interest that would be used and the long-term work of all actors would be used and the long-term work of the work of the country's work.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, with its comments and comments on the request of various United Nations agencies, through conferences and seminars, as well as studies of the United Nations agencies and a effort to be taken.
Table 1 The amount of the biennium estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (P per cent rate of 20 December 2002, the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the General Assembly approved by its resolution 583 of 20 December 2002 and the amount of expenditure and income of the biennium 2008-2009.
The Committee recommends that the first report is provided in a second basis, to be submitted to the General Assembly at the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A unit of the Office (ibid., Office.
The requirements for the costs of 2004-2005 for 2004-2005 is estimated at 23,000, (before recosting) as $9,000, for the amount of the appropriation for the appropriation.
Section 26
At the future, it should be noted in the programme of the programme and regional offices in Headquarters and the regular regular offices.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the market sector should be made by the Prosecutor, the head of violation of the law of the Federal Law of Firearms and Ammunition, and shall be a violation of imprisonment and imprisonment, as well as the confiscation of weapons of firearms and explosives;
C.
It also notes with appreciation of the replies made by the State party at its list of items relating to (E/C.12/Q/COI.
(d) Assistance to States from the illicit illicit traffic and the use of small arms and light weapons (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2003).
Recalling the Declaration on the World Principles of the Eradication of Corruption and measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global problem of the drug, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Country observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no budget budget.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
At the two sessions, it requested additional information on the basis of the Commission.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author argues that his son is victim of a violation of article 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as the status of his arrest and other occasions before the trial's invasion and other circumstances before the conditions of which it is detained.
3.1 The author argues that the Government's authorities, including the Constitutional Court, to refrain to recognize and accept the law No. 17/190, is a national rights and that the law is a violation of the right to the right of the right to all any forms of their and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author argues that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in which that it is a violation of article 1 to the meaning that a violation of article 1 and 3 of the same article is a violation of the presumption of innocence.
On the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party that that in a first time, the settlement of the author is not unable to the jurisdiction of the author, and in a second time, if the dispute of the Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a means could be made to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are protected.
The Committee's Committee in this decision has been made in accordance with article 6 of article 6 was prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of the same article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the crimes.
At the same time, the author also submitted a request to request, which was rejected by the President of the International Court of the Supreme Court of 8 December 1995.
4 On 4.12, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that the communication should be informed under paragraph 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author argues that its rights was violated in which he was arrested and guilty of his participation in a criminal or criminal system, which has been established by the police during the time of his arrest.
In its statement, the author requested the review of the evidence of the evidence that it was a result of the evidence.
With regard to the definition of the case, in respect to the time of the Committee to the Constitutional Tribunal, the author contends that, in the two cases, the author contends that, in the two cases, the author contends that, in the two cases, it was not under the military regime of the case of the investigation of political acts.
Given the State party is not subject to any claim, and there is no other information on the basis that they have been given to the case of cases of cases, which is required to be available to the author.
4.16 The State party argues that the author did not be made in the fact of the State's State.
6.2 To ensure the duration of the period during the period, the Committee noted that the dates to determine, in the case of the Committee, the result of the arrest's period, the date of the alleged cases of the author, the date of the death penalty, the date of the death penalty, and the date of the date of the trial.
It is not a need to use only the only than the case of the Court, may be considered in the case and may be considered in the decision's decision.
It is also concerned that the State party has not been entitled to the right that it would not be a right under article 13 of the Act on the Protection of ex-combatants and stated that no two bodies of the bodies to meet the criteria set out in the various articles of article 6.
According to the jurisdiction of the Committee, the author finds that it is the author, and its families are victims of a serious violation of article 7 because they are not able to be the person.
If:
He said that the judges who have been able to be taken by the case of the text that they have been before a complaint that the Decree was not applicable to the author.
According to the author, it is not unable to date from the notification of the Court, but on the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also also provide assistance to the return of detainees in those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court opened the consideration of this request.
The authors's decision's decision in the extent that it was a assessment of the situation of the case, which has taken a decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to suspend the decisions of the Main Committee and to continue in the police.
The authors had before the justice in cases of the case of the Republic of Women, A dyan, and the requests requests for claims by the authors in two years, but they did not have no request to the first part of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner had been released by the Court of the District of the Islamic Republic of the Congo, which was held in the case of the Supreme Court in the case of the case of the United Nations Law Act Act on articles 37 (e) of equality and 11 (b) of the State) of the Constitution.
Thus, the Committee on Human Rights, in its general comment No. 11 of article No. 11 of article No. 11 of the right that the right to freedom of expression to the right to freedom of expression to the right to freedom of expression to the right to freedom of expression;
It shall be notified to the judge that he had been requested.
4.18 The State party considers that mutatis mutandis, the same principle should be taken in the case.
3.3 The author said that the lack of domestic remedies and that the case did not be submitted to another other international body.
In addition, the Board stresses that a means may be exercised to the defence's defence or the Supreme Court for a first basis, before the Council of the State, and that those bodies may be appropriate.
In accordance with the Minister of the Interior in 16 March 2001, was recognized by 13 months of the author of the author in its regard to its work at its thirty-up of the conduct of the conduct of the work.
In addition, the fact that the State has been sentenced to the expenses of procedure.
Canada, chapter XII, report.
6 On 6 December 1992, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (A report of the International Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (A report of the International Court on Human Rights in 1995 (A/C/2001/4, paras.
The State party refers to the comments made by the State party in favour: I (ibid) No. 41/199/199), adopted on 26 March 2005;
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Documentation
If some posts are involved in the new time, the Government's Government is needed.
The security is therefore important to the security of military personnel or the family to participate in the ballot.
The Commission on Political reform, however of progress in the field of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women remains still.
Recalls the decision 2001/22 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General requested to request Governments, including the Secretary-governmental organizations, to request to Governments, non-governmental organizations, in the United Nations system on Indigenous Issues, the Special Forum on Indigenous Issues, to submit the necessary consideration of the Committee pursuant to paragraph 8 of resolution resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2003;
The analysis of the proposed analysis would be able to be taken at the meetings of negotiations and are subject to the agenda.
(b) Report of a workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7 April6).
In order to ensure that social conditions are met, the existence of a three period for a three State of the State's professional training and expertise, and to provide appropriate services for employment-time employment.
At the time of the time, the duration of birth will not be included as a day.
In 1997, changes and amendments were made to the Law Act on the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, as well as the law on the Prevention of Employment and Rehabilitation and Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article is provided that children may be integrated in a variety of non-school areas, with their own physical or mental treatment.
The results of the eight presidential elections have been sent to the United Nations to be involved in the international cooperation to participate in the international cooperation.
(b) Human sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is said that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play a essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could be a new crisis in the two of neighbouring States.
This analysis contains the guidelines and information on the various options that it was the school school.
The implementation of a gender-based study on the University of Iceland is a priority of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme policy policy for the University of the University in the period period.
The Registrar shall provide treatment and compensation of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the standards of the United Nations system.
(Mr. Ghana, H.int, “Samen””, International Law, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with partnership
(c) To continue to be given to the agenda of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children are not aware of the identity of their natural people, as well as they is the same of the most interest.
(a) The adoption of a new legislation and adoption of national programmes and national programmes, which include the Human Health Programme and Children; The National Programme for Children and the family, the National Programme for Children and the family, the National National Programme for Children and the family, the National National Programme for Children and the family; The National Plan against HIV/AIDS;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the Convention on the Convention of the Convention (No. 232) concerning the age of the Worst Forms of Children and the Elimination of the Convention (No. 182) on the Prohibition of the Worst Forms of Children and the Elimination of the Convention:
(a) To establish awareness-raising campaigns at all levels and in all regions, in order to eliminate the attitudes of the Roma in all society, and in particular with the authorities, police and professionals provided in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore important that States parties have made their reports and in the time.
(b) To develop national and coordinated policies to address the phenomenon of sexual practices, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of acts and data data;
(d) To ensure that the Council of the Family is adequate resources for its mandate.
In the national level, the need to consider the goals and development policies in a gender perspective” (UNDP)
Adoption of measures, including technical and technical development, in order to ensure that, and in particular the adoption of the legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant.
The Ministry of Women confirms the constitutional law, in respect to the workers of private sector and public enterprises, as well as appropriate, they are appropriate.
This period is considered as a result of the requirements for the payment of the salaries, which is the system of the Committee.
Information on life of the population
It is considered in the case of women, even it is to make all their income to the work of food needs.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of vehicles has been launched by a total of $1,5,3,3,3, a average annual annual annual level of 8864.
In the percentage of the population and the construction of housing, these figures are estimated for the year, less than 4 per cent of the people of the country and 3 per cent of the housing.
Programme of the State
In regard to the activities of the health sector, some networks that more than half of the decrease of maternal mortality is being carried out and the services of health services.
However, however, there is no legal procedures on the media and journalists.
E.E Fund Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1993.
Law No.
However, it is important that the violations of violent crimes against women are responsible in a way and in respect for life.
The conclusions of these important meetings are valid and their implementation.
Japan hoped that all States will be possible to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be based on the results of the Meeting to take concrete steps to the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms in the period of the second session of 2005.
Multilateral and multilateral instruments
5 May 2003
If any three three options: the majority of a vote, which would be a later vote and a referendum will be held for the same two options.
The United Nations, including decisions will be taken and without, it shall be taken.
• Women's work is high to children.
K, A.E.E and J.
Draft rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the International Conference of Action for Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
b.
In the final final report, the participants held the Security Council to approve the road map on the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for achieving the future period.
It is important to see the three main main main main of this goal, which are our commitment to the long-term theme.
However, the author's statement, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption in the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since 10 years, its political status of the Republic of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, which has been well as the suffering of the civilian population of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are committed in the fight to encourage growth and development.
The last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/2, annex, “in a world for children”, which includes a statement and Plan of Action.
All citizens access to health care and education.
It was in the same time to reduce the use of energy.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention on the Protection of the Civil and Cultural Rights of the United Nations on Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will serve the first part of a mission mission in Africa and the conclusions and recommendations.
The Committee on the International Law on International Law on International Law (Insolvency Law): 24 February February 2003 (e) of the International Guide on the Law of the International Law, on 24 February 2003 (e) of the Model Guide on the Law of the International Law, namely in document A/CN.9/WG.C/WP.65/Add February to be considered in the Guide in the principle of the Guide to the Guide, as well as it may be considered in the Guide to the Guide in the principle of the Guide to the Guide, as well as it may be able to provide a judicial authority in the Guide to the Guide in the principle of the Guide, as well as it may be able to provide a judicial authority, or in the case of the Guide on the insolvency Law, which may take a authority, or appropriate to monitor the rules of insolvency law;
A/56-271, A/578, Add and A/C.5/56/3 and A/C.5/56/34.
It is also necessary to provide the informal work of article 3 of the law, which includes the national measures of international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, any person is a result of the fact that there can be a result of force to the conduct of Lebanon.
Afghanistan, the Republic of Moldova, Albania, Ethiopia, Ethiopia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.6/60/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight, taking into account information on all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider and, in order, to consider their policy policies in order to eliminate all forms of practices in relation to migrants and members of their families, as well as the importance of the non-governmental organizations and civil society, and that the importance of a effective effort to establish the conditions of the right to strengthen harmony and tolerance in society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interrelated and that it is essential to ensure persons with disabilities with full enjoyment of human rights and discrimination without discrimination without discrimination.
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to be able to defend the areas of their humanitarian control, with the agreements agreements, but it would be decided to take the control of civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 20039 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/181, which had endorsed the establishment of the United Nations Programme of Human Settlements and the Fund for Technical Cooperation for the International People and the Fund for Technical Cooperation for a regular period for five years.
Development
The establishment of a global system system, in which with the second session of the Conference, with a comprehensive approach to the issue of developing countries in developing countries.
The activities and international commitments is essential for the establishment of a international international international regime based on rules, which are to be able to meet areas, through the past of national Governments.
The use of special treatment may be useful to address economic problems, institutional and institutional problems between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of authority?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
The meeting of the Board of 77 and the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries (on the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003 from 10 to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted in the session of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003, at Headquarters from the United Nations.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, including limited children, and to ensure protection of witnesses and victims.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Mary Kane in the capacity of the Special Representative.
After its work that 50 minutes, the Working Group will return to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available in http://www.int.org/index.
We have not yet to be done in this stage, the replies to the production of weapons of weapons, biological and biological weapons, on which it is to be able to work and its programmes.
The population of the population and its distribution are affected on transport and sanitation.
Some a increase increase in the area of the area of the area, which have been implemented.
(c) The need of the need for the need for the need to be able to be subjected to non-seekers or the families of persons who are involved in a disappearance of enforced disappearance, with the view that not to be subjected to enforced disappearance or other violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could be considered, in its deliberations, intergovernmental intergovernmental bodies, intergovernmental bodies, and considered the role of the Secretariat, is not at the work of work.
(f) The presentation and timetable of the evaluation assessment assessment;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The present date is therefore particularly to address members of the Security Council, which with the members of the principles contained in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will now be able to consider the regime regime.
While the Committee on the strengthening legal and administrative measures on cooperation and coordination in this end, my delegation would like to draw the attention of this efforts, we would like to draw the attention of this efforts, we would like to draw the attention of this efforts, especially in the South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important, and how to encourage Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities associated with the various groups of ethnic ethnic and national groups in which with their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the United Nations Programme and funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;
31.30 The High-level Committee on Management Services will be a important role for the activities of the United Nations system for the administrative and administrative matters of the system, and promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on issues on the Council's Council.
In this area is the following question: I will be able to be able to be achieved, as the previous speakers have already already been achieved, as well as will require regional cooperation and technical cooperation.
Mr. Farh (Afghanistan) (Afghanistan): I am grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, to Ambassador Mr.unudir and Mr.un.g. speaking, who have been made on the relevant issues on Afghanistan, as well as they had been limited.
UNMIK has developed a minimum procedure to report in each months for the conduct of the findings and suggested to consider specific solutions to the preparation of regional arrangements.
(b) It should be made at Headquarters and missions, staff are required to address the current operations in the past years;
United Nations Peace forces (S)
(Signed) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNUN)
Encourages the efforts made by the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of such methods, including the implementation of the rule of the Act, and encourage the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, the case of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, if appropriate cooperation with Member States;
The political process therefore therefore be, and a opportunity for all all people to participate in good life in the life of political life, and we are not left on the fact that they would encourage them in the peace process.
I would like to provide a detailed report on the situation in accordance with the Committee's reports in Afghanistan since the presentation of its month.
My delegation would like to reiterate our deep conviction that the security is a fundamental and imperative.
It could be able to be able to be a result of the release of birth.
In the light of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution is a major support of the country parties and that States parties to the Convention.
In accordance with the item, a ministerial meeting of the Russian Federation, which was held in New York on 26 September, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Šimonović, submitted the initiative of a special resolution of the Security Council.
The President: There is no delegation?
In addition, consensus has not been done on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (article example, the use of sanctions imposed by small countries and groups in local countries in the extent that they are incompatible with international agreements.
In regard to the private sector, several major companies, trade-related management management systems should ensure that the use of non-based sources and society.
It has been made in the management of the management, the value of HIV-AIDS and treatment.
(i) Urges the countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection of collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and commodity products in order to promote transparency.
The Commission on Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following resolution:
(Signed) At a.i.
The provisions of the former law, women is based on treaties, should be used in their full and equitable legislation, which is a fair and equitable basis of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age of the age of 10 years, men were more than women's women to continue that the right that girls are still at the same time, while boys were at the search.
The rights and obligations in marriage are the same part of the person, who may know that a birth in the same two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/5);
In its resolution 426, it requested the United Nations Programme for International Drug Control (UNI) to use the expertise and experience of the preparation of its global development programmes, as well as information in the context of various reports.
Item 4: Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD worked with the African Union and the Economic Commission for Africa for the preparations of the Conference in a participant in the Meeting of the Conference on Regional Development in the seventh meeting of the World Trade Conference in Mauritius (S),), which adopted a common statement on the Conference.
The activities of technical cooperation and capacity-building to assist developing countries to participate in the work of the Doha region in the area of trade and the environment in close cooperation with the secretariats of the WTO, UNEP and the regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular and ESCAP, as well as the civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and innovation organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the University of Foreign Affairs in collaboration with UNCTAD, University and 24 September 2002, when the work of the Commission on Development Programme.
We also recognize that globalization, and in the increasing increase in international trade, is a hope for achieving our peoples.
The last year on the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and pledged a report on progress.
In addition, women's participation in social activities of the Human Council's rights of women in a coordinated coordinated system system and the children, is well as the equality of men and women in a society that he was well as gender equality and the rights of family.
Developing countries are today in the area of development, which cannot be seen by international international efforts and support to the reform of political policies.
“The Industrial Development Council:
I would like to begin two issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations should continue to contribute to the process of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has been made to implement the principles of the principles.
Recent developments of the military balance and global goals were made since the establishment of the United Nations.
In accordance with the outcome of the Council's Council, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General in order to achieve a comprehensive solution, lasting, and in the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
Each Party shall elect its President.
The persons who shall be informed to the grounds of arrest or detention of their rights.
Since the last year, the concluding observations on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in 2003.
Documentation
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meeting, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the chapter 28 (A) of the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/62/78 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as other human rights instruments,
Also also that, in resolution 1443 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the authorities and personnel of the United Nations system in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the authorities and personnel of the United Nations Mission in Liberia and the United Nations Mission in Liberia and the United Nations Mission in Liberia and the United Nations system in Liberia;
Also requests the Working Group to consider the information and to make its recommendations on transnational corporations, including Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered the draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2L.3), which had been recalled by Mr. And Sir, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Pinheiro.
Peace of justice and peace
The Office of Outer Affairs and the Organization of International Civil Aviation (ICAO) could be able to be able to provide a basis to provide information on the needs of the availability of resources and that a better impact of the development of developing countries.
Governments is not able to share the potential contribution to health management and to combat diseases.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity provides a document document, which contribute to the host Partnership to assess the relationship between the media and sustainable management.
Article 21 (f) (f) (c) shall be appointed or shall be issued by the competent court in a period of 1 hours and “or not no right to detention.
(f) Support of the Security Council and security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the context of the Security Council for Peace and Security Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that there is a area of the work of education programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to provide the staff was a result of which but that it was primarily in the concerned.
Decides to include the following items under the provisional session of the Committee on the Review of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Open-ended Working Group on Information Services will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room p.m. Yvvo (No.
Mr. As Kayay, President of the Republic of the Republic, has made a statement.
The Committee's Committee to review this initiative, as the issue of the sustainability of debt, during its meeting.
This meeting will provide decision makers to address issues related to development.
(Agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs of Legal Affairs has made several statements to the rules of the Council.
Against:
Working Group of Experts on International Accounting Standards and publication
Thus, we are in a phase of our common approaches to the criteria of the criteria.
The staff is being required for the end of the mandate of UNMISET.
17 February 2003
As to the report, the report is a overview of the Council's work, in the past year, in the field of the peace and security.
(e) To assist the results of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure appropriate arrangements to monitor their implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council on the Council in the context of the General Assembly;
(a) The results of international cooperation and the implementation of technologies, knowledge and tools, as well as the development of technical arrangements for the protection of the Protection of Disaster Reduction in the area and use of technologies, in order to improve the implementation of the multilateral agreements on the Protection of Disaster Reduction in the field and the World Conference in order to improve the implementation of the multilateral agreements on the protection of the Environment Protection, in order to improve the implementation of the multilateral agreements on the protection of the Environment Protection, in order to improve the implementation of multilateral agreements on the protection of the environment.
These activities include the availability of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of sustainable development of narcotic drugs, the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation of drugs, the development of social and rehabilitation-building programmes, and the promotion and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/17B and sustainable forest management of African Africa
Strategy
(d) Promote the use of information technologies and communication technology and technology technology, especially with the development of the local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of the results of the work, the number of the members of the United Nations Development-up to the development of the development of adaptation and technology programmes in developing countries, including the establishment of the United Nations system and technology programmes in developing countries, including the establishment of information and technology technologies in developing countries, including the establishment of information and technology technology for the promotion of the environment and sustainable development of natural resources.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be made by a effective increase to the victims of natural disasters and humanitarian emergencies, including alternative technology, including technical technologies, including the field of the ground and at the field of the region, and a great contribution of donor donors to the inter-Agency Treaty.
1999 1999 International cooperation for the impact of Brazil
Programme of the least developed countries, developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The term of 2002, women and the President (Sakak, 26 February 2008.
Ms. Šimonović (Mexico) said that in three years of the exercise of the Government, the Government of Mr. Abuden was the foundation for a end of the rights of everyone.
In this regard, the delegation expressed the recommendation of the High Commissioner that should be taken to create a culture of tolerance and respect to other and non-discrimination.
Some laws should be made, but the challenge of the most important, but in its implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fourth Conference of New Democracies, on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility could be able to prevent the same time when water is being used by mines and sources of supply.
It should be developed to develop a minimum minimum standard.
This statement is also to strengthen cooperation with the implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Working Group on Money-laundering (FATF).
Ms. He said that there was a year in a year year, 139ans were killed the death's attack.
However, in cases where they may be established, the relevant decisions should be established and the establishment of the new body of the organization.
Strategic master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Third Committee Committee)
BFF has been taken to combat the financing of terrorism in the United Nations system.
It is a minimum standard for UNHCR to maintain its capacity-building.
A statement is to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors may be used by the encumbered assets, such as equipment of equipment, which are a right to self-defence, which can be responsible in the same security security.
C. Harmonization and non-expendable equipment
It should be developed to be developed and resources in the implementation of the agreement between the United Nations and UNDP, and those the list of the draft project;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Director of the United Nations Development Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important role of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the draft decision entitled “Report for the New Partnership for Africa” (E/L.4.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of the draft resolution E.4L.4.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (Habitat-Habitat) and the United Nations Development Programme and Human Settlements
In agenda item 14 (e) of the Council adopted decisions 20036, 2003 2003 and 2003 20032.
Of men, the decline is still more than the proportion of 13.2 per cent in 1994 to 49 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the area of the industry, it has been a new distribution of production, the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture and clothing in the field of the quality, training and services.
It is proposed that family families with the problem is in account with drug abuse.
It is a important initiative that to replace the return of small weapons in the past, the United Nations system has been prepared with the Department.
The land is to be able to protect or their husband, as well as they had not been place in the case of the United Nations system in the three three months.
In fact, the situation was considered as a way to join, and the amendments in 1995 to the Law of Gibraltar, in the case of the Prosecution of Housing and the Ministry of Housing to the Prosecution of Housing and the Act for the Prosecution of Health and the Act for the Prosecution of Health and the Act for the Prosecution of Health, to be applicable to 1 June 1995 or after the date of the provisions imposed by the provisions.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including the following services, including the project (to-the basis for the basis “the basis for the basis “the basis for the basis of a high-based basis, including health-care, education, health-care, education and training of the child.
The Ministry of Foreign Service and the teaching centres, while women's groups in the field of special services of the community, with disabilities and trafficking.
The Royal Association provides its own school schools and, is also provided to maintain their institutions and to provide the need to be possible.
The candidates for studies have been able to have been made in the Committee's consideration of the Pala, which can be access to the training and should be provided to the minimum conditions of all studies.
As a strategy of development, NEPAD is a important of all aspects of socio-economic structures and policies, while that the development planning, human rights, human rights, governance, human rights, human rights, human rights, the health, health, health, health, health, health, health, health and education.
However, the problem of the Working Assembly to consider the issue of the Security Council to consider the question of Security Council resolution resolution resolution (e) of the Open-ended Working Group on Security Affairs reform, which is not been able to achieve significant progress since it was established in the General Assembly resolution resolution 48/26 of the Working Assembly.
The Committee would like to inform information on the findings that was the Committee established by the Ministry of Justice, the International Republic of Justice and theqq, which is subject to 4 4 and 9 of the report to ensure the international law with terrorist acts.
The study entitled “Human rights of human rights: The use and use of the United Nations instruments on human rights in the context of discrimination” by the Centre Centre for Human Rights in the context of discrimination and the functioning of the United Nations system on Human rights in the same context.
Implementation of States
In this regard, the Office of OHCHR supported the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules of Persons for Persons and the adoption of the draft project.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their amendments, a interpretative declaration, contrary to a additional statement, may be made in any time.
It was also requested to be given to the unilateral acts of the treaty, or in some types of certain types of States.
However, 26 million of the leaders.
It is urgent to the message of the Chief's message to the Security Council.
The Secretariat may continue to be able to be able to complete a process, and in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of the Palestine
I believe that the Secretary-General's statement, however, the Quartet would be the road map to the Quartet, as the appointment of a Prime Minister and the appointment of a Prime Minister and to be made, it is a important step on us.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce additional requirements are limited to the following, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has been a special attention to the issue of the topic based on gender.
Communications requests in a registry (AA).
The process of the Convention is in way.
In terms of the proposed programme, insert “the theme of social development”.
Malawi would like to express that all States have been responsible and the promotion of functions and the credibility of the Court and that the credibility of the Court and that it will be able to be vigilant and the independence of the Court, especially the judges of the Court, especially the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges, and independence must be made.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the United States of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154-154.
A/58/129 (Part II)
The Government notes that the courts of the Netherlands does not consider that most human rights are directly directly in the legal legal law.
The agenda was adopted.
The members of the Council are also before the text of a draft resolution in the consultations of the Council.
It was developed by the United Nations and national organizations on the promotion of sustainable development and the progress of the Holy Islands, the main responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a committee committee and a technical committee.
(f) Capacity-building
In general context, WTO agreed that the mechanism of reports to the Commission on Sustainable Development could be used for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention in the evaluation, the World Bank should include a assessment of diversity in the area of marine areas and practices.
Special Working Group on the Review of National Development (E)
Group of 77 (Third Committee: Environment and Sustainable development
It would like to thank the main work for the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes to human resources management.
Meeting of Experts on the definition of property and environmental services and contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the results of private companies and social life.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.109/588),RevRev, submitted by the sponsors of the draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.10.
However, it should also be made to strengthen and strengthen the capacity in developing countries.
The Office of the High Commissioner has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Coordinator and the Administrator of the United Nations Mission, as well as the Agency, to the preparation of a joint strategy for displaced persons.
The Act on Technology technology and foreign investment had been established by FDI and the repatriation of the benefits and capital.
We have been grateful that the barrier is the barrier, the construction of settlements and military forces are facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister to proceed to support the peace process.
The Palestinians to have a long-term solution to occupation, with that they have a viable and independent commitment.
Bearing in mind that the purposes of the United Nations, in accordance with article 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, including discrimination, including sex,
They have also been used to provide training for teachers, Professional and professional offices.
The group referred to the various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there were a number of general activities, and non-governmental activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on the Promotion of Public Information (Chairman: Ms. Areljaja, Croatia, Rapporteur: Mr. Ona, Switzerland
Thus, article 4 of the Penal Code provides that: “the right to a obligation to commit any offences under the present section is the same circumstances that they are the right that they are the State party.
In article 17 of the provisions of article 17 of 2001 No. 54 of 2001, is entitled to the right of a person, or in the form of the case of any type of such persons, or in the same form of such material, such as well as other materials, as well as any means of such material, to commit acts of terrorist acts or to provide them to the end of the end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.6: United Nations role of the United Nations for the promotion of the effectiveness of the Security Council, and well as action.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee's report was said that Ms. Van Oa was to be provided from some of the loss of the property, which was recommended that it is no compensation for any claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to its activities in the area and capacity of the Counter-Terrorism Committee to the Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee, it is noted that the Department of Disarmament should draw the attention of the issue of weapons of mass destruction in the framework of terrorism, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 576).
Calls upon Member States to increase their support to the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that it still continue to achieve the goals and implementation of the priorities;
(h) Training services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They were raised with other agreements and institutions to improve the protection of marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment, the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea, the Council and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea, the Security Council and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Near Sea.
In addition to a proposal, the main agencies should be involved in the consideration of the issues in the meetings of the meetings of all reports on the ground on the next meetings of the following meetings of the Secretary-General on the oceans and the law of the sea, to continue to be taken by the Secretary-General on the oceans and the law of the sea, to continue to be taken by the General Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second, the word “c”” is to replace the word “to”” and, at the fifth version, the words “Yes” to provide additional resources to the President of the Special Committee for the Convention, which should be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
At the occasion of a briefing on the impact of the development of human development, it had been held in a symposium on human development in the world, Mali Zuk Zai, took a major main main characteristics of the programmes of structural indicators and stability: They are a limited nature of the United Nations system.
Any attempt to link the use of future future and the issue of existing stocks would be made to avoid the negotiations and undermine the non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) At the election of the members of the General Assembly:
According to the World Bank, the cost of the housing rate increase from 12 per cent in the next months of the second quarter of the second year,
The United Authority is a mechanism to be provided by the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the use and authority of their authorities have been made, refugees refugees were replaced and their homes.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and that that the importance of equality should be integrated in the development and policies of all levels, including the United Nations.
It is currently three women of a total of 14 to 14.
In order to the World Health Organization, which four women and men.
Despite the nature of primary primary education in the Constitution of 1991, the problems are a result of education.
The rate of the rate was reached at 11 per cent of the number of girls.
In the area of public education, the school is the following:
Women's health sector, the women's women is at 2 to 1 to 1, the production and public industry, and the private industry.
According to the study, 37 per cent of women had been used.
(DDD, Germany of the d-Sen, etc, pp.
The head of the village was assisted by the Deputy Minister, which is a total of 1271 (B), vol.
Our work on small arms and light weapons, but the human rights must remain our.
We also wish to ensure the success of the Conference of the Review Review Conference, Kenya, which will contribute to this goal.
At the same time, it is important to control and impose restrictions on a effective balance between the legitimate security and loss of innocent innocent lives, which is the politicalization of the proliferation of conventional arms.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, he would like to know the number of men and women in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. She asked whether the Inter-Agency Committee on Human Rights and Sexual Rights is subject to paragraph 27 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Committee on Health and Cultural Rights, which is subject to article 421, were a different or other public rights.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account the process of the negotiation of the United Nations system and international organizations;
The Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure.
The President hoped that each organization represented at the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee and other sources of the Committee, there is a mechanism to establish information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of the Government of Benin to host regional conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including appropriate financial mechanisms, including the efforts of the efforts to achieve economic growth and sustainable development to achieve economic growth and sustainable development, in mind that it is the first responsibility of the Secretary-General to ensure its own economic development and that national policies play a role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Argentina, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Germany, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua,
They are made in the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/577, paras.
A woman was appointed to the post-General of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (including in 1 January January and another other has been appointed by the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (in in 10 January 2008).
Although there is the fact that regional cooperation and international cooperation is essential to address the common threats of diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all efforts to ensure better effectiveness and better better of the work of the General Assembly.
Following the words that they have been held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country would be released in the time.
It should be necessary to ensure, in addition to training and support in the context of the field of the ground.
(i) There is a urgent need to take;
[c) [Agreed) to avoid whether the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, in order to decide on all issues raised by the provisions (b) or related to them.
Mr. Nno (Sweden) (spoke in French): Egypt with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supports the reform of the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to resolution 57/17 of the General Assembly (A/58/26).
Expressing grave concern at the continuing activities of Israeli conflict in violation of international humanitarian law, resolutions resolutions and agreements between the parties, including the establishment of the parties, including the construction and recovery of South-Naqurah in East-East Jerusalem, as well as S-Sheikh in East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should be based on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic economic diversification and strengthening institutions in sustainable development at the national level, regional and local levels, which would contribute to developing countries to improve the problems of climate change.
To ensure the sustainability of the environment, it will be important for the global development instruments.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by the laws or regulations to ensure effective effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, to implement a system, the former Court, it is necessary to take account to the United Nations Secretariat, contained in document S/SGB/50/5 of 12 September 1997, in accordance with the Council (sect. This] “The Secretariat, which is a whole of the United Nations system.
The 5 level is provided to the representatives and provide access to documents are available to participants, as well as documents (see para.
In addition to the sites of non-governmental organizations and bodies are based on the Sos, which was noted that some of those who have not been available in the system.
The initial system responded to the needs of 10 years, which is still a result of innovation.
The date of these methods should be held in the course of the work of the task, and a number of time in three months, and it is a number of special resources.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th and 56th meetings, on 7 7 and 8 June 2003.
Some, they are aware of such to other weapons of mass destruction, while it would be able to be able to provide the use of weapons, or yet not not to eliminate their own.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism as a new and threat on the international community, a new approach to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
He attended the representatives of Switzerland, as well as observers of the Secretariat of the United Nations, United Nations bodies and other United Nations agencies, specialized agencies and other United Nations system, specialized agencies of the United Nations Environment Programme for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar described the proposed structure of the Registry.
I strongly encourage the work of the Working Group of the Security Council on the Prevention and Security Council in Africa, the Special Hoc Committee of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Guinea-Bissau.
A support has been expressed for three areas in the biennium's work in the biennium 2004-2005, the promotion of equality equality and combating poverty in the region region, national policies aimed at strengthening the links between economic and social development and globalization in the region, and the integration of gender-related policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the Minister, which had taken questions on the ground, the problems encountered in production, as well as the effects of problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the country who continue to assist the people of refugees and at the same time time to extend all all groups to continue to fulfil the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to ensure access to international actors to provide and protect those international organizations to provide assistance and protection in those persons.
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Non-governmental arrangements for the annual period or a period of contributions to regular contributions by the Government of the country, which is “the Government of the Government of the Government of the country in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be considered between Governments and organizations.
First session 2004 - 23 January 2004
They noted that the Office of Internal Oversight Office will be able to be able to be achieved.
C. Example:
The next year, Morocco has been done on the members of the Group on the list of “terrorism” not not the fact of their discriminatory laws but because the rules of the Council had been changed and that we cannot be the capacity of the banks in Morocco.
In addition to the fight to prevent the weapons of mass destruction, it is imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons in conflict and insecurity.
Unfortunately, it seems that in a few number of Member States, the question does not be a problem of the problem or related, but it has taken other factors that we have been able to make them.
In its resolution 1996 1996, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action that is contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/95/Add.1, in account the differences between the parties on the scope of national legislation, including, in prostitution, the quality and property of treatment.
Corrigendum
It is also a more number of girls and in which it is used for 12 noon in order to encourage students.
There is no data on women in rural areas.
To be held on eight November on 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Note by the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Inter-Agency Working Group on arms Arms and security for the promotion of confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
There is a optional protocol on measures to reduce the risk of mines of mines, including anti-personnel mines.
At its 2th meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to hold its work on the basis of the mandate of which had been provided in the resolution 57th (f) to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth session of the General Assembly on disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the opportunity to cooperate with Governments, universities, NGOs, non-governmental organizations and groups of civil society to develop national action plans.
At the same time, in account the number of countries ratified the Convention and the past meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Beijing, all hope will be made, many partners have already taken concrete measures to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The triennial review of the implementation of the Programme of Action should provide clear evidence on the way to monitor all commitments and to make new commitments in the implementation of the Millennium Convention Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which have been made the results and work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that participated in the past months, and the willingness and dedication of the Council.
The management of reform and constitutional review is responsible to the responsibility of the National Government in Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations in the field of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[Note in the activities of a medium-core activities for the project shall be issued by the Secretary-General, which shall be issued by the Secretary-General, which shall be issued by a operational entity in the period.
Poverty continues to be used in Western Europe.
Governments should take priority to ensure that all services are working and their skills to combat drug trafficking.
This management management and use is also essential for the quality of the roads and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Kuwait (Australia) assistance in the use of p to the use of p.m. and I provide information on security security.
If those persons have been affected, they are not available to ill-treatment during their homes, including the sale of funds by the representatives of torture and other officials of the law.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the General Assembly in peace and Security peace will lead to the concept of the cooperation of all countries in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 37 (A) adopted by the General Assembly.
The word of the “Amaros”, speaking that “in”””” in Chinese, has been located in outer space and a low level.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks were the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the displaced persons who are committed in the field of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and that the perpetrators of those acts must be taken.
Appendix A reference
In accordance with the second draft resolution, entitled “International provisions of the Commission on International Trade Law on the International Trade Law on International Law on International Trade Organization, the General Assembly will be requested by the Secretary-General on the International Trade Law on the International Trade Law on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Organization on the International Trade Law on the International Trade Law, which would be taken by the Commission on the International Trade Law on the International Trade Law.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Guatemala, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras, Honduras, Marshall Islands, Guatemala, Greece, Papua Papua New Guinea, the Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far.
The Court against the court, a sentence of imprisonment of six years and six months of the Chief of fraud and violations of the obligation to be established.
1.1.1.1.1 [1] Obligations of reservations
Ms. Harela Stakta, Chairperson, the SBI, and Mr. President, President, President, Chairperson, the SBSTA, presented the main work of the workshops and reported the results.
The workshop, which was to be responsible to the members of the Asian States for the Secretariat reports, which was mainly mainly to States States.
The economic situation has been completed, the Government had adopted, in gender equality, a approach to gender equality, a approach to gender equality and programmes, which would be able to address gender discrimination.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns in the Convention are made in the Committee of parliament, including the judicial authorities and legal workers.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask the Council to consider the measures of international measures to ensure the security process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Georgia is committed to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including the treatment of nine posts (1 posts (1 P-5, 5 P-4, 5 P-4 and 5 posts of General Service (Other General Service).
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective to be effective in the past economy, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of the nature will be incorporated in the guidance of 2004 programmes and will be considered in account the reports of the Office on staff, the cost and implementation of training services funded by the United Nations Programme Programme;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution resolution.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of the item.
The Assembly thus concluded its stage of its consideration of sub-item (a)
The document is composed of three parties.
Conclusions and suggestions of life's lives taken by developing countries and other countries in transition to respond to the implementation of the conditions and measures taken by Annex II to implement decision 2/CP.7 andCP.7
However, UNMEE, in terms of the mandate of the Secretary-General, which ensure that the parties to carry out their responsibilities in order to be carried out by the Commission's work on the ground, and in particular situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs in the present document is subject to a original document.
However, eight countries, which had been developed, which had been reached in mid-2002.
- On 22 October 2003, between towns and00 hours, a Israeli reconnaissance reconnaissance aircraft overflew the south at Beirut (No. 20 kilometres, and until the south of Mr to Mr. 11 kilometres).
- The same day, on 21 p.m. a Israeli military military military aircraft fired a explosion in the area.
The Secretariat should comply with the rule of six weeks of the publication of documents and all resolutions and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, especially the provisions that the Organization should refrain from documents on documents and on the website will not be available in all languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/55/L.36 and Add.1)]
In the context, the situation has never been more than women.
The case will be held in the near future to the possibility of such persons.
The annual annual budget for the Services Services will be a result of the number of staff and those additional funds are available in the areas of the areas.
In the context of the priorities of Action, the goal of a number rate of 2004 per cent of March 2003 and 75 per cent of March 2004 was approved.
The goals were made in this regard to the reduction of pregnancy-child pregnancies and measures are expected to improve the communication, promote education and provide women for services.
In the medium-term plan for the reproductive health, in December 2000, the Ministry of Health: plan for a plan for establishing the health of health is at the same hand, and, as well as the necessary needs of individuals and families of ethnic minorities.
The members of all organizations of the Non-Pacific organizations was also concerned to implement the programme of the Peacebuilding Commission for the Commission for Women (Commission on the Advancement of Minorities.
concerted efforts have been made to improve areas in rural areas, for example of schools, the police police, and services.
The Court provides a partnership partnership with specialized bodies, which could be able to be used through the exchange of information centres, which may be provided for the appointment and the complainant.
A strategy is currently to include a number of women and children, and to promote awareness-based awareness, and to reduce social tolerance for respect to security and protection.
In this context, we seems that, such as it was stated in the last session of the Committee dated 26 May paragraph a plan for accelerating the process of the financial provisions of the Parties.
We hope that all issues were made by the Office of the Office of Iraq, in the report of the Committee, on 29 September 2001, as not yet not yet or not not subject to a agreement, may be resolved in order to ensure the extent to the extent to the conditions and conditions.
It is also clear to be helpful to the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as already already brought to Mr. Al-Bissau, as a independent expert (E/CN.4/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/433)
It reiterated the recent difficulties and difficulties that we need to overcome and overcome we are, as part of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, a lasting peace and development.
Table 2
In a democracy, the majority of the Council is the responsibility of the Council to cooperate and, in the past past years, which have been made that they have been a number of violence in the media.
The study has demonstrated that, in regard to issues relating to offences, it is necessary for the reasons of the financial reasons, to be a long and need to focus on prevention.
Also at the 2th meeting, on the election, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Office of the International Court of the International Criminal Court would be issued six years and that it would date on 3 November 2007, the date of the election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution S-COP/2/ Ageing”, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as amended (see paragraph IV).
The proposed programme of the Court is the first part of the United Nations, to be a reasonable trial.
A second training of the Office of the Prosecutor and provide technical support for the use of the United Nations.
The structure of the Registry, which shall be used in the same institutional approach that would be used for other major activities, aimed is to ensure greater efficiency through a common services to the basis of the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
The three functions of three three categories in the Working Group on the participation of the participation of Women and compensation in 2004, with the non-mentioned group of the Fund and the non-item Fund.
(d) Subprogramme 32
Indicators of indicators
(b) In the field of the Prosecutor, the President, judges, judges, judges and Deputy Registrar for areas in self-risk areas: 1321111
It would also be helpful to the Committee on legal legal legal matters.
The Director-General noted that the amount of the Fund was not one than the same two criteria, if the two categories of the two criteria, which are met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the security of law and would also make more details.
The Secretary-General received the following statement, which is prepared in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the change of a reservation, but the formulation of a reservation fully a reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive paper on legal reform and judicial reform, which is the progress made in the past decade, in order to be held in January January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need to be more possible to the implementation of peaceful settlement of disputes, such as the United Nations Charter.
During the review of peacekeeping missions, the Council should be provided to the way to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with the groups of civil society, the new measures have been made by a consensus in the national coalition and hoped that the regulations will be adopted.
15 and 29 July 2001
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples to the national level, regional and international institutions are responsible for the sustainability of the present human rights and the environment, as well as the consent of the freedom of traditional knowledge, knowledge, knowledge should not be recognized to the public community, and the intellectual property system must be recognized to the public community, and the cultural property is protected under customary law.
The President of the Committee will require new suggestions and proposals on the current review process.
It may be a result of 5 years and the contract of 300,000 million, it was established that the accused was being found.
- 1 Secretary-General;
The Civil Code stipulates that the family authorities in its articles 37 and 80 of the person is subject to the right to its birth and until the death's rights, the enjoyment and the enjoyment of all human rights unless otherwise applicable.
studies also have been made and structures were made to ensure the effective implementation of all action.
In the case of the land, it may be able to be used by the representatives of the United Nations services.
Annex
It is not used between men and women in the other hand.
The recognition of the values and potential support for non-governmental organizations can provide the national authorities of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m.
Item 29 (e) of the island of the island of May May
Mr. Le (B) said that the exclusion of Taiwan of the United Nations is the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed that the understanding of the rule of a “in-her role in the Secretary-General shall be made.
However, it was expressed about the fact that the rule of the carrier did not include the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 stated that the carrier was “in “in of its responsibility” without without a responsibility.
The Working Group is approved by the Working Group.
[Article 1 (a)
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Burkina Faso, China, China, China, China, Russian Federation, India, India, India, India, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Zimbabwe.
At the same stage, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other areas of such areas, particularly in particular the question of Palestine.
This is the Iraqi Tribunal to avoid war.
I would like to stress the valuable contribution to a large number of speakers, which have contributed to our debate on this issue.
My delegation welcomed the attention of Member States of the United Nations in this debate.
A point could be made by the Secretary-General, and the two principles which should be guided by the Secretary-General in the future future.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue the main responsibility of the international peace and security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to continue in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still in a occupation of foreign occupation and in accordance with international law are right to a occupation.
We also take other measures to develop cooperation in the area of other States.
It is:
Additional resources provided to the “the Fund of the coordinator of the Resident Coordinator will be used to be used to support activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its programme projects, for the financing of funds, which would be submitted to the approval of the Executive Board.
It shall be grateful to their partners between the lessons learned and practices in which their policies and programmes to meet women's women, who are well as the lives of HIV/AIDS, who are in situations of conflict or conflict, which are not excluded from the participation of all their lives and their own.
The present proposal is not unable to reduce the cost rate in order to reflect the interests of the data, including the rate is currently at 2 per cent.
The budget budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was estimated to $2 million.
In order to provide a view to the changes in the activities of the budget period, the increase has been made in the number of the costs used for the approval of appropriations.
Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported the ratification of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter dated 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting his report submitted by Indonesia on the Counter-Terrorism Committee in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues of the Council before the Council is contained in document S/2003/33 of 14 February 2003, S/2004/20/Add.6 of 21 February 2003, S/2004/20/Add.6 of 23 February 2003, S/2004/20/Add.6 to 30 July 2003, S/2004/20/Add.6 to 30 May 2003 and S/2006/10/Add.1 of 27 June 2003.
The medium-up to poverty reduction in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has been a decrease of the number of the State's population's situation and taxes, and it has been a reduction of public assistance, especially in the social sector.
It was suggested to the group of the Human Rights Commission (WTO) by the independent expert, some delegations, stressing the need that questions relating to human rights, including the right to development, the right to development, the right to development, the right to development, the development of development and the WTO, which have been not made.
At the same time, the delegations requested a capacity of cooperation, exchanges and regional cooperation.
One speaker said that the group of the work was already established to follow-up and the need to consider the studies and experiences of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the group of the Working Group that States should be taken to eliminate the protection of barriers to exports in developing countries and that in some economic sectors of the export exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate the work, including the relevant recommendations.
The Working Group drew the report of the report on the methodology of water care, the net oil-dentaBDE for each year, the number of employees and entities.
It would also emphasize the importance of a effective coordination and predictable in this area.
Education studies
Again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, there was the adoption of a resolution adopted by a resolution, which would not extend Israel to comply with the principle of the sovereignty of the Territory by force and to consider the wall of the separation wall.
The meeting rose at 12.20 p.m.
In its country programmes, UNDP, UNDP in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening leadership of the United Nations system in a number of countries, Cambodia, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan and Mozambique.
List of tables
Analysis and valuation
The response of Iraq shall be summarized as follows:
During the number of these instruments, the Treaty on Nuclear Weapons in the atmosphere, outer space and water (Treaty against the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on the Principles of the United Nations Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Principles of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Principles of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Principles of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Principles of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Implementation of the Non-Ban Treaty.
The United Nations Treaty Agreement signed to 1 December 1960, and entered into accordance with 23 June 2005, was a first part of the zone.
Mr. Fit (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been made to join consensus by the draft resolution.
Iraq was recognized by the fact that it had not been given to these changes.
I believe that we believe that we must recognize that the end of the veto” is the need to make them.
The last part of the conclusions.
Such general activities: It will not meet development and combat poverty in the country and between countries are used through a mobilization of expertise, knowledge, technology and information in developing countries, with a number of equitable and lasting development.
It is why the capacity of institutional capacity, the development of skills and promotion of entrepreneurs are also essential to achieve the success and impact of technical cooperation programmes, in this context, it is proposed that the activities of the experience and knowledge of public cooperation services are provided in the context of eight training services.
The Non-American Treaty, the establishment of a International Civil, Social and Social Law entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the Inter Islands Association, on the preparations and organization of the European Cross, on the preparations and organization of the first election of the first meeting.
(d) Human rights
These rights has been established to the national level, the ratification of these instruments, but it was well as in article 25 of the Law of the Constitution, which was a direct part of national legislation and directly the rights and obligations of the territory of the Federal Territory, in which they may be interpreted as a rules of international law.
Only a total number of Parties were a separate section on the issue of the public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Czech Republic, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland (a), Finland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland and other, as a general principle (Italy).
Others that the participation of the participation of the public participation in the preparation of national programmes, programmes and recommendations in relation to climate change, New Zealand.
During the situation of the situation is essential to ensure a effective standard in order to protect natural resources and prevent the health of persons are committed and the environment.
It should be considered, when the construction of new materials for land systems, to provide the use of such water.
The quality of land waste in the field and, in Gaza and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with international standards.
It is agreed in the Lusaka Agreement, it should be used to be used in the Lusaka Agreement.
Second report on the programme budget
Mr. Boo (Guatemala) said that the past year has been a major milestone for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including improving access to education in rural areas and children in rural areas, as well as the promotion of tolerance and education of indigenous peoples to promote better understanding between cultures.
Following the request of the information, the Committee considered the question in several meetings of the Committee, the Committee considered the question in several meetings of the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In the first time, all persons are the duty to assist the public sector, with their own capacity, to fulfil the role of the role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to special rapporteurs and representatives of the representatives to participate in the functions of their duties and to continue to address those issues.
The Committee finds that the Special Committee on Palestine's work on Palestine's Department is contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
The perpetrators of the Syrian Secretary-General to establish a lasting and comprehensive peace in the initiatives of the Secretary-General will remain a important element of future efforts.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States on the fact that the costs of the first conference of the first conference Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be made by States parties and States parties to the Convention, and in accordance with the United Nations publication.
(a) In concern with concern that there were a high percentage of the public services of the General Service, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, the Secretary-General to report to the fifty-seventh session;
(c) The work of the General Service are not responsible to the functions of the Joint Director/General and staff staff for all offices, and the need to provide support to support, is the situation of the local authorities and the rule of development and services in the host country.
Five men, women and children are died.
It is therefore the first time, since the crisis of Cuba, the peoples of the world are a result of the two options of the world, which is a result of the two options on the end of this situation, as well as the consequences of a act to Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
This is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months on the ground, it is noted that through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the Secretariat were often access to more than 200 sites, including sites and private communities.
The peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not affected by the land, in violation of the Convention No.
They shall not take any disciplinary or other measures to be taken by individuals or other persons who have submitted a complaint or that society is not bound;
Thirdly, it was noted that the need should be made to amend its positions and to discuss a fair solution.
Introduction
Great Excellency Mr.
Background
In accordance with the rules of the Tribunal (art. 26-3), a revised draft budget is established by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
In Afghanistan, South Africa, the Republic of Korea, Cameroon, Cameroon, Russian-Bissau, Cameroon, Russian-Bissau, Guatemala, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Saudi Arabia, Guatemala, Zambia, Zambia
In this area, the Republic of my delegation, or any person in this area (a) of the voting's vote is a reality.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know that there is a important role of senior officials for the progress of the United Nations system's progress to strengthen the international public system (A/57/97).
The European Union agrees with the recommendation contained by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the amount of the costs of education and the provision of the allocation of education in the country and the following areas of the provision of the payment of the reimbursement of the costs (paras.
All parties have attended meetings and responded to delay.
The total of bank bank is increased in a increase of 6 per cent in the six months.
This of the history of the history of the history and action.
Mexico believes that a reform of reform should be made on a specific basis.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, the regional integration of developing countries and countries in all regions has been expanded for the services.
Objectives and objectives
However, when it is high, however, it may be a negative effect and to address the goal of access to economic, economic and economic proceedings.
(c) The assets of the encumbered assets may be able to increase through the use of credit, as the secured creditor may be used by the maintenance of a insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor shall be made by the representative of the insolvency.
The possibility of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets shall be made by their complexity and cost, and the need for the court may be able to take decisions in the context of the protection.
Model clauses
In addition to a good transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to be clearly clear in the law of the representative of the insolvency insolvency on the types of contract under this section.
However, if this approach was adopted by the representative of the insolvency may be considered to determine the assets or value of assets to the reservation when it is the return of the time.
As a result, however,, however, a result of the new use can be able to be able to be able to be able to the continued of its lives in its survival.
The list of the list shall not be made in some cases, in some cases, the functions will be considered or will not be considered to the provisions of the law.
In general rule, the Committee will be held on behalf of creditors: his functions will be directly directly to the functions of the General functions to those, as indicated above.
When a adsibilities of creditors shall be established (P) of staff services, may be given to the obligation to fulfil its members (c) (c)) with the rules of confidentiality.
Some of the general rules of the general rules, for example, the plan plan should be made clear and to all all the parties of the debtor's financial situation and the amendments of certain rights are proposed, as well as the requirements of the minimum requirements should be required.
In the practice of the practice, the time may be held at 10 days (see chap.
The recommendations relating to the notification of the Parties to provide the protection of the debtor in which the request of the request to be appointed and to the possibility of the possibility of him?
For example, the Convention on the Protection of Persons Responsible in the insolvency Law of Their Families, 1992 (No.
In the same time, we are concerned in this area.
With regard to the last year, the programme is to provide support to the Economic and Social Council and the relationship between the Council and the Council of the United Nations Secretariat Executives Executives Executives Executives.
On 6 December, the President issued a statement of the President of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, submitted in the framework of a private meeting held with the United Nations Observer Mission for the United Nations Observer Force (S/2002/788).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having considered the majority of the Committee, the Committee decides to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. S., Selen (i) and Mr. Marabani (i) and Mr. Marnali (i): I invite members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a mandate of three years before 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, those powers are in place.
The United Nations system is proud to provide technical communication services to enable the highest needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in all education education and their leaders can take questions and challenges in a global context.
(f) São Forum on ESCAP and UNCTAD (No. 100);
Capacity-building strategies
The social fabric, and women and young girls are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former ex-combatants were only the only who are to be done.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is a manual for a multi-up and peace of peace in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to be done in the field of the reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to prevent and avoid.
S.E.org of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/ga
At 12 years, Kuwait has been made by the Security Council.
We are today in early growth, through a multi-Habitat programme for development and development of security and security.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly on the International Atomic Energy Agency, including the recent recent report resolution GC/RES/11 adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to the amount of a week of the annual sessions of the annual sessions should be brought to the basis of the financial level for the biennium biennium.
They include the enjoyment of the right to water without discrimination without any obligation and that measures to ensure effective measures, concrete and concrete measures.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties and the Regional Bureau, if necessary to the State party to provide additional information.
Add a new paragraph (f) as follows:
“a) The form of the content of the contract, as the content of the content of 80 per cent, which is a result of the form of the c-in- cent, which is a maximum or less than 3010;
“Yes No. 3175, the maintenance of a year is not required when the amount is being provided in a way in a view to a message.
P2 Add of the paragraph after the level of the Working Group.
2.4.9.2.2 “to of the language of 1): (b) (b) (the area of the Model Service (b)”: “a) “the area of the Model Section (b)”: “the area of the Model Section (P)”: “the area of the Model Section (P)”:
Figure.4.7.7.7.7.7.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1
6.2.2.3.3 Report of the system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no budget budget.
Ms. Kakhia said that the following paragraphs paragraphs and 144, women's victims have been sentenced to Switzerland and that that it is only in the country, they cannot be subjected to the perpetrators of offences.
In response, with the support of the international community, in order to achieve peace, security, social governance and good governance in Africa, the leaders of African leaders to strengthen a comprehensive and credible basis.
To support the people of the massism, we can recognize that it was used to achieve the development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
There has been a result of the past two years, but it is still far the level of the 1990.
The commitment of the international community, from the floor to the Secretary-General, and the leadership and leadership of Africa, working work, will contribute to sustainable development in the continent will contribute to the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first international treaty legally binding on trade areas.
• The release of fraud and storage of any sources;
66 666
As the Secretary-General noted in his last report, note was taken, in the consideration of cooperation activities in 1999 by the Commission on Great Britain Group, the implementation of the United Nations site and experience in this context.
Introduction
(f) Working Group submitted by the President (A/AC.2684/CRP.3,COP.1, GC.1,Rev.1, A/AC.105/L.2/CRP.1 and Add.1 (A/AC.2683/Add.1, para.
(a) The mother or parents of the child or children is a member member of the United Nations system in the fulfilment of its functions to the maintenance of the Security peace, with the exclusion of those children or a result of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote international cooperation ( extradition, mutual judicial assistance, control, control, control of trafficking in the area of and training;
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council that the members of the Office of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs is at the time of the election of the Committee and will be re-election.
(c) The Advisory Committee should provide research on different models in order to ensure that conditions in order to ensure that they can be used in innovative, and to facilitate the best practices and experience.
Mention of a symbol in a text of the United Nations.
Some delegations expressed their view to the text that the previous statement had developed to the end of other delegations expressed the proposal made by States members of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference.
It is the risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the main responsibility of civil society and the natural environment for the maintenance of the culture and the work of all members, must be protected and assistance for all responsibilities.
Children's children is the first affected affected by terrorism, killing, destruction, destruction and detention are the number of children who have not access to education and medical care.
Their situation in the context of Israeli occupation is a result of a world for children.
We are the hope that the International Year of Sport and Education and its wide series of activities will be able to achieve the goals of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugees, including minors, and children displaced persons in their countries are available to the risk of witnesses or to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 5812 of 15 December 1994, S (1999) of 12 December 1995, S alia of 12 December 1995, S alia of 10 December 1998, F alia of 22 December 1999, R Arabia of 22 November 2000, L Arabia of 29 November 2000, A R Federation of 29 November 2001 and 579 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and South Africa
The protection of children against children against abuse and sexual exploitation in particular are the major challenges of girls.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were a view to a specific legislation for the perpetrators of perpetrators.
The institutional framework for public services (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources to provide a number of activities have already been included in the budget budget budget, as well as chapter 24 of the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
It is a increase of the United Nations Staff Service and the National Service of the National Police Service (Other Service) as a increase of the National Civil Police Service (B)) is a increase of the United Nations Service and Communications of the National Service (B)) is a increase of the United Nations Office and Communications of the National Service (B)) is a increase of the United Nations Office and Communications (Other Service) as a increase of the United Nations Office and Communications (Other Service) as a increase of the United Nations Office and consultants (Other Service) and training) and training and training and training.
Review of work: draft programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
I should like to draw the attention of the Council on other documents: S/2003/60 and S/20038, submitted dated 2 June and 9 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General addressed to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“The honour of the Secretary-General, my President of the Group of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the United Nations addressed to the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmadkkira, Permanent Permanent Observer of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmadkkira, Permanent Permanent Observer of the Islamic Conference of the United Nations, including the Palestinian situation”.
However, the scope is the same.
But fear is still very high, and a solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs reiterated that a conviction for its relationship with the President of President.
At the same time, the construction of settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against the Palestinians of the Palestinians.
However, it also note of the various issues of the Working Group on the form and scope of this instrument, as well as the scope of the instrument, which is the fundamental principles of the various characteristics.
On 24 December the Committee agreed to recommend the secretariat to follow-up to the scope of the study on the basis of the study on trade-commerce, which could be considered in the context of the context of the study, and to consider those organizations to the implementation of the information, taking into account the need to be established by the secretariat.
The organizations of international security activities should not affect their personal identity.
(i) To be a result of nuclear nuclear nuclear weapons, verifiable, verifiable and irreversible disarmament, on the basis of unilateral actions and the process of nuclear weapons;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to make any effort to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Government of the State of the State states that when they will consider the ratification of all documents to be submitted on the participation of Latvia in the European Cooperation Agreement and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, as well as the European Communities and their member States members, including that the Republic of Latvia to fulfil its obligations under human rights and national minorities.
It would also like to know whether the Government encourages women for women.
Science and Technical and technical management
Secondly, it should be possible to use the knowledge of cases for the issues of the various factors of factors and are to be made in the national level.
Date and future
The President: The sponsors of the draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.9 was expressed that it was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
In this context, it is expected to be possible to be only only to the basis of data but other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination of coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and better effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Programme and the Declaration on Population and Other human Settlements in this new millennium, and in the achievement of the development goals agreed in the Millennium Declaration, including those statements are contained in the Millennium Declaration,
pilot projects had been approved for two territories and their implementation to determine them.
The Supreme Council, also the following candidates on the list listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, between two candidates are also requested by the Secretary-General, which shall be provided by the Secretary-General, which shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, which shall be appointed by the Secretary-General.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No.
Claimant's claim in the period for the period for the period for the period for the period.
KASU has been reduced to the fuel, in May 1991, on the price price price.
It is based on the production rate of the year is based on the rate of the annual production rate, which had been held in 1994, that the figures of the production of the production is available.
Ms. Wami (Viet Nam) said to explain the position of his delegation, that the draft resolution has been made to be made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is evident to the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to the international community on the establishment of a international Criminal Court for its country in order to address violence and impunity.
In November November, a woman of seven children, has been killed by a terrorist attack in the same.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
At the same time, the international community has led to the road map by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its commitment to the need to achieve the final objective, namely by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive developments, the political policy policies, political policies and continued the construction of the separation of the separation can be taken against all efforts.
The Charter of the Organization is our commitment to cooperate with peace and development.
However, in all regard, the Indian Movement on terrorist terrorists, we must recognize that a sources of the tragedy is in the tragedy of all peoples, victims of intimidation and fear of humanity.
On the same hand, Iran has not been a support of nuclear nuclear weapons.
Armenia has been made.
The unilateral acts of military military force, with the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could lead to the United Nations system and encourage countries, as to help weapons of mass destruction.
In addition to States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement resolution 54/17 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Non-Terrorism Convention,
Strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, it may be some some of those persons are detained and that other other.
In addition, the adoption of a end of October 2001, in paragraph 41 of the Constitution adopted the family as a common entity based on the gender equality.
This plan was established for the National Council of the region who are less than a woman of their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the first part of the village.
We are ready to continue closely with the Tribunal for those trials.
With regard to the question raised by China, whether a combination of the strategy plan and a new transfer would enable that it is in the time, as the President of the Panel, the process of the process is not predictable.
Subprogramme 2
It is why the need to prevent the use of nuclear missiles for military purposes of the end of weapons of mass destruction in the first level.
In order to establish the export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and the use of exports, but is not proposed.
Welcomes the establishment of the establishment of the Government of Women, the Department of Women's Women, which is designed to promote women, including their access to access to the health and training and technical services;
A project is in the area of Central Asia.
A.
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to consider a international space system that it would be the role of a mechanism to assist the amounts of the implementation of action.
Aware of the importance of collaboration with the United Nations system for Climate Change
Recommends to the Commission on Human Rights for the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty shall be imposed by the laws of the courts of the two two of the two of the two two of the two of the Tribunals.
The Commission decided to establish a working-ended working group on ways to improve the financing of financing.
It was mentioned in particular the provision of a situation in which the consequences of the imposition of sanctions would be avoided and financial and financial resources.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of exceptional circumstances or force (related disasters of natural disasters, threats to threats to the administration of the country, to prevent humanitarian disasters.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary solution to sanctions should be considered in cases.
The delegation was expressed that the following words “the suspension of sanctions should be desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force to prevent humanitarian disasters, and should be held in the case of the fact that it had not been necessary to the idea of such a provision could not be necessary if the need to be required in the sanctions regime.
It was noted that the principle of the principle (sect. 5 above) had been considered a important issue of and sustainable development of international law and that it would be helpful to the Commission on the International Law of the International Law.
It will remain the work of the Committee on terrorism.
In fact, despite the definition of the United States Group of the Government of Arab States, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States were still still yet the concerns of the United States Council, in particular the fact that the past number of the past number of conventional arms, which would be able to play a universal participation.
Our report on Liberia is another example for the basis of Member States to assist our efforts in the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a historic debate that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is the floor to the Security Council.
Decides that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States serving as the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors had raised several issues relating to the operation of Iraq (A/57/5 (Vol.
Please indicate the case, if your efforts are coordinated to the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and assistance
Source: The Hague Convention, Treaty No. 2 (No.un.org/f/index/index/index.html/index.html>.
The obstacles to their full and full participation of women in life, which are a result of the traditional attitudes of society, there is a result of attempts that the proportion of men, who are a role of women to play a working-making-making.
The trial of the Kosovo of Kosovo, accused may be left by the d-old of April April held on 22 November.
E-based research-based research-based activities, as well as the United Nations system system, are designed to be carried out by the United Nations system teams in the field of the production of fuel, the manufacture of air and Science-related science.
The activities of UNCTAD in the area of trade and development had not been available for the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a way to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The phase has already already enabled the capacity of the United Nations system in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
The Working Group:
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the seventh session of the measures taken to the present decision.
“to of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect him.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a essential role in the process of the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites the Parties and other entities, as private and private organizations, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to a voluntary or manner in accordance with their respective mandates, in accordance with the implementation and implementation of action to combat desertification in all regions;
Ms. Siloo (Cuba) said that we should address the question in a meeting of the annual meeting would be made to be a solution to a long-term meeting, which would not be able to be able to be able to be able to the Commission in its whole.
(iv) All the costs and distribution of the Registrar shall be responsible by the Secretary-General to be held to the International Committee to hold the International Committee and monitoring of the six months of the United Nations;
His Counter-terrorism against terrorism's use of mass destruction will be consistent with the implementation of the three three session of the Committee against the United Nations, as well as the establishment of the legal framework to combat terrorism, in the implementation of the law, and for the development of international cooperation.
The production of unemployment will remain and relatively large.
Despite the past time of the hope that we is a lasting peace, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been a result of armed conflict in other stages and will be made by all opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and the peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious communities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/55/L.1
In addition, the absence of effective control of the State's law is responsible in the area of illegal acts in arms and trafficking and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held on 29 April to 9 May 2003 at New York.
In the end of war, the courts of the armed forces and the courts of the armed forces.
The participants were the number of the representatives of the organizations of the organizations of the organizations of the organizations of the organizations of the representatives of the organizations.
The PRESIDENT said that the twenty-fifth session and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which have met with a period when after four years, the Organization is a great stability.
Ghana, in spite of the financial financial obligations to the Organization.
Date of sessions
If the President of a member representative of the Executive Board and is in the way to fulfil its functions, or if the State member representative shall be made by the President of the Executive Board, as a President of the President of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the population has been made.
Paragraph 12 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 and the new publications.
The Committee recommended that the Committee's status of persons in Cyprus, it has been a result of agreement on its work and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed budget budget budget was submitted in the form of establishing the link between the Office of the Office and the Secretariat.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered the rule of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 is expected to take the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions are submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for review and measures.
The list of participants in annex I shall be made in annex II.
A representative of China recommended that self-government's people in a part of the territory of Brazil, which would provide that the socio-economic development and the full participation of women.
The expression “The “called”” has not been accepted by all, their means of the discussions and discussions.
It should be encouraged for training-related training to identify the mechanisms of human rights and the agenda for development.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
However, there is no new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for development for sustainable development (which may be a example for example for the objectives of political policies, the priorities will not be able to address the development of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be used as “to””, some provisions of the Convention had been brought with specific laws.
(c) The two military aircraft of the United Nations in the area of United Nations Peace, Israel in the area of United Nations Peace, Israel, airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled in the occupied territory of the Republic of Cyprus, as well as they are paid in the area.
It is expected to be a long-term way.
13 June 2003
While the d d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and more recent, Liberia's success, the success of our Organization in the deployment of peacekeeping operations, in many complex areas of regional partners.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Luis Ocampo, was to make our Office in Geneva to discuss those areas.
These words are the best interest of MONUC.
Mr.jj (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank your delegation for the issue of the human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
A approach to the effectiveness of functions and processes in the management of management.
E/CN.17/2/Add.2, 2th preambular paragraph.
The Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Measures to reduce the risks, especially the risk of political risks, which can be involved in the management of sustainable forest management;
Moreover, the United States did not be done by the United States, which have been provided to the nationals of the nationals who have been made by small arms-sponsored by a British airspace of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In particular of the knowledge of knowledge, particularly in account
(b) Information analysis and analysis of systems (A item, which is based in 3 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist terrorist forces, which have participated in the massacre of Al-Naqurah in 1956, he had been transferred to the killing of the Palestinian Palestinian people.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the budget budget budget, in order to meet the necessary requirements of the assistance for the basis of the current assessment of the year;
In paragraph 2 would be made in paragraph 2 of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the project in accordance with the implementation of the project in accordance with paragraph 2 of the provision of the provision of paragraph 2 to the provision of paragraph 2 of the provision of the provision of the provision.
It could be a second second term to the French version.
The provision of such such as amended, was approved to the drafting group.
[Original.
(f) To be made in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons of liberty must be issued by a view to ensure duplication of the extent that they have been released and, as well as they have been released in the conditions that they have been removed in the conditions of their integrity and the possibility of their rights;
The study noted that the relevant services of the Secretariat would not be able to be able to make the use of the technology technology, and the adoption of best practices in other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General, as to the request made in its resolution 579 of 3 December 2002.
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar, the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to fulfil Myanmar in a transition in transition, and to ensure that all countries are fully fully and to protect all countries with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur shall be submitted to any form of intimidation, harassment or torture;
“The Economic and Social Council, took note of resolution 2003 of the Commission on Human Rights, in the date of April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to submit a comprehensive report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, in its fifty-eighth session, and to submit the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, and to report thereon to the Commission at its sixtieth session;
• It should be considered to overcome the major activities of the population in the State of the State of the State.
Expresses its appreciation to Governments who have paid additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and strengthening those;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;
The unutilized balance is mainly mainly to the decision's decision was to obtain new new groups, groups available available by the United Nations system.
Recalling that the United Nations instruments on human rights and programmes and programmes on the Special families of their rights and assistance, as well as the family of other forms of other forms, which can be used in cultural, political and social systems.
The Working Group has been concerned on the problems of suppliers and the quality of the registry.
Reaffirms its role in the process of the United Nations Programme for Drug Control and the Programme of the Programme for the Programme and Programme of the Programme of the Programme on the Programme of the Programme of Member States;
The medium-term countries for the organization of United Nations bodies and entities (P) and private organizations) are responsible for international policies and development; support for the formulation and implementation of the legislation, inter-agency coordination and training for development issues.
The discussions was included to those issues and draft resolutions have been submitted and discussed by 11th meeting on 20 October to 20 October (see A/C.5PV.113).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team has completed its mission on six hours, and then returned to the Canal Baraha.
The Department of Internal Oversight Services informed the work of the work and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
It should be aware of the importance of the high level of economic and social development.
]
(b) In addition, all person shall be appointed by the private sector or, in addition to such a entity, in order to provide a general entity, to provide or accept the duties of the State, or to be able to be able to make or to be able to be made by the State party or to be able to be able to be made by the public sector in the area of the private sector.
(d) To identify and transmit the funds of illicit origin from terrorist acts;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall submit a questionnaire on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system in the framework of regional mechanisms and efforts to avoid duplication.
Text of the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (d) of 31 December submitted a “Report”.
For this year, a report is provided to agriculture but for energy.
(b) To be a difference between various cases with the extent to the most complex of the social missions;
Agenda item 84
In addition, it should be encouraged in the thematic meetings of treaties, which contribute to improving the protection of human rights in a area.
At its second meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Promotion of human rights questions”, the item entitled “Human rights and follow Platform to the Third Committee.
In the light of the commitment of States that not non-nuclear-weapon weapons, States States must be made to be made in the context of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Also note of the fact that HIV-based forests are sometimes at the least level of natural resources and prejudice to the rights and use of local communities (see para.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained by the Secretary-General, and urges Member States to support the activities undertaken by the United Nations in the field of Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter from 18 July 2002 (S/20028) transmitting a additional report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is to promote the development in the areas of policy policies, capacity-building and training.
Ecuador's number of women had been held by the case of the case.
Ms. Šimonović (Ukraine) said that the definition of the Convention was the revision of the Ministry of the Family, which has been held in the Congress at the first reading and was held in a second reading.
Resolution 54 (1992)
It No. 336, para. 336, the National Commission of Action against Defence and terrorism, as the National Council of Civil Aviation.
Military
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as the Charter of the United Nations,
The exchange of views that they have been taken by the delegations to make how the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
Asian Union
Mr. InterRAER Association
However, it may be necessary in this form, including the rules of the organization, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of a agreement between the State party.
OHCHR on the Permanent Representative of donors, particularly attention to those needs.
The main task remains to address the effects of violence and to address serious violations in the national capacity of promoting and protect human rights.
(d) Capacity-building;
The first results of the Government's work will provide a major potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, on the basis of partnership, participation and harmonization of the efforts.
298 Planning planning and the budget budget is the Division for Programme and Budget.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
In its resolution 57/17 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the recommendations recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Trust Fund for 31 December 2003 should be allocated to 125 million.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of the term “of-mail”” in article 2 of the Model Law on Electronic signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms.mzz (room DC DC3, tel. 1 (212) 963-6).
At the exception of publications for sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the Official Records of the list of the official list of the United Nations system.
(spoke in French) (spoke in French) (spoke in French) (spoke of Liberia)
The trafficking is still more than 50 per cent.
The nature and illegal companies by the security forces, including the air, and other non-HCH can undermine the economic stability of the foreign foreign companies.
The United Nations must take a active role in negotiations.
In some cases, enforced attacks would be provided in the case of the case of the expulsion.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS has increased children and children.
However, the offices of the country's offices will be able to better better lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information provided on the implementation of the recommendations undertaken in the fight against slavery and practices.
The observer of UNICEF submitted in his number of the activities of the Fund in the field of children.
Calls upon the organs and United Nations agencies and to implement the codes of codes of the United Nations system of the United Nations services, services services services by the Organization and humanitarian administration, and invites non-governmental organizations to be able to participate in their field;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to take the work of research for a better understanding of the best practices of some practices in order to prevent women and girls in trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of Ministers on the Convention, which was held in April, 28 and 29 October 2008.
Recalling also resolution (2003) (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and decision at the session of 2003 to improve the effectiveness and effectiveness of its operations (UN/2009/296) the Conference invited to participate in its work: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Qatar, Qatar, Qatar, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Germany, Germany, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Government would seek measures on all issues.
It is also concerned about the links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/594, A/58/504, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/584, A/58/58 and A/5983);
Encourages the countries to submit, including the reports of the Commission on the session of the Commission, including the progress made in the implementation of the implementation, including the results of the challenges and opportunities;
(d) To continue to achieve, within the Commission, a representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural agricultural subsidies, including trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the achievement of sustainable development.
(b) In the annual activities of the work of the Committee, a assessment and analysis of the progress made in the achievement of the goals of the Commission, the establishment of the issues of the issues of the Commission, the establishment and management of information and good information, and, as a note of information information in the work of the Commission.
This assistance has been able to develop medical materials, training and senior skills, and provide technical support for the organization of women.
The total amount of the total amount of the amount of USD4,8,2,2,82, under the interests and amount of USD4,4,4,4, in the provision of the instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the Committee, the Committee has been transferred to USD 1936, 427, para.
These projects, which will be used and implemented in the framework of international cooperation, will be able to ensure that regional initiatives by various organizations or organizations.
The Fifth Committee, considered the rule of the budget budget budget submitted by the Secretary-General and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as well as the following resolution A/C.4/59/L.1/Rev.1, annex, and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, 146, 306, annex, section 2, section 2;
In the context of its programme programme, the Government shall apply to adequate housing and services for all displaced persons, men and women, and to make their own work, with the provision of the individual group.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is to re-up to the centre of the workshop and, in order to improve data data and to provide a gender-based basis.
There is a more example of more than the contribution of human rights in the reduction of poverty, and examples examples of the contribution.
See for example, Vienna and Programme of Action, 1993 1, paragraph 1, and CESCR, not No.
(a) To reduce activities in the work of the Committee and those international organizations?
- The local authorities, which are under accordance with the law on local Governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, to develop their potential potential;
Chapter II Report of the report (A/57/151) is a overview of the developments of the financing of resources and from countries.
It is important to continue its dialogue in Johannesburg on the issue of the use of funding in the environment and sustainable development.
There was no cases in the past time of States parties have been reduced or after the lack of any payment.
At the occasion of the Human Rights of Human Rights, the Office of New York held several activities for the fifty-fifth anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Declaration on Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the Prosecution of Human rights.
It was said that it should be made to avoid this problem in the light of the relevant instruments relating to electronic commerce.
It reiterated that P&I had been able to implement the implementation of the nuclear transport transport in order and stated that the problems could be able to be able with a common system system, especially in the Paris-mentioned system, which was noted that the trade industry and in the letter of the United Nations General Service.
In response to regard to the reasons of the draft instrument, the draft instrument should be implemented by a offence in the case of any non-payment””, which had been reiterated that the most human responsibility is to ensure that the regime of the secured regime for such damage.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A meeting of the Network on the Advancement of Youth (General) by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat on the Advancement of Youth, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003 at 10 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Open-ended Working Group on Information Services will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room p.m. Yvvo (No.
In accordance with the posts approved to 30 June 2003, the amount would be established by eight staff staff on the plan of the General Service (D), 4-1-4), 5-1-3-3 P-4, 5 P-4, 5 P-4, 5 P-3, the staff, including 25 and 32 United Nations Volunteers.
It would be chaired by a Secretary-General (Other General Service (Other) (Other) and one (a).
Ms. Shin asked on the level of cooperation between the Commission on Women, the Federal Office of Gender Equality and the Conference of Women of Women for Gender equality and men, and it is concerned about the lack of resources in the Commission and the Office.
3.
Resolution 562, para.
This option is to develop a joint programme of work with the framework of the framework of international standards of IAEA with the participation of the Committee and its Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the Committee on the reporting reporting.
Option 3
At our very very deep concern, the Secretariat of the United Nations has no action to assist the United Nations Mission in the zone of Kuwait in the zone of Kuwait, in order to be able to fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Social health care are also to be a number of countries.
Recently, in the outset, we have been a result of the world.
Among the Ministry of Women, the National Forum is a body body and inter-Congolese dialogue, which should be responsible to women women's rights, negotiations and policy policies for the development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
For the participation of women's participation, cultural and political communities, the Secretariat has been defined to establish the rights of the types of groups, training training and capacity-building in the departments of Foreign Affairs and the capacity of human rights in the departments of Foreign Affairs.
New Health Institute.
This cooperation could be held by a international forum on the various aspects of commercial fraud and the different parties may exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested to the status of the work of UNIDO: the World Bank (GEF) (MZ).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities could consider the adoption of these measures and will be made in the light of the words of “kg”.
With regard to the reports of the Committee's recommendations, the Working Group of the Whole decided to be taken into account to the report of the Committee on the General Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to fill the United Nations teams for a contribution to the report of the Committee.
6 June 2003, New York
They noted that the European Union has been the vision of a region in Central Africa and would enable the continent's continent to address the major challenges that the continent and its peoples must address the most economic, economic and political realities.
They stressed the fact that those institutions should be able to protect some countries who use such to all their interests.
They urged donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to the needs of the affected populations, without it can be able to be able to the extent of the media, or by the geographical distribution of the media, which is the need to support humanitarian assistance.
The investigation has been made by Tunisia that there is no State system or a system system, which is no funds, financial assets or non-related resources are available to the list of the above below.
Report of the Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations made in the report of the Secretary-General, a body body should be appointed in the United Nations system to provide support in the United Nations system to provide support in the field and regional commissions,
Convinced that the responsibility of security security is responsible to the local level, the national and national levels.
Discussions on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee on Member States.
The draft amendment to the Law against Money-laundering, which establishes acts of terrorism by the Penal Code in accordance with the law, namely the Office of the Counter-Laundering against Money-laundering to impose the funds or financial assets of persons or non-governmental organizations.
1 March 2004
This situation is reviewed on the basis of a report submitted to the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization's non-governmental organization and the United Nations Management Unit will be elected by the seminar.
It should like to contribute to the development of policies and national and regional development systems, to be able to achieve a improvement, and the reduction of land land and a increase of agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls with Governments to include in their programmes and programmes and their programmes and their cultural rights and the dissemination of indigenous peoples, traditions, traditions and religious leaders, as well as their history, as well as their history, as well as their values.
The world of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the arms-weapon States, the reality in which it is currently in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on the disarmament of nuclear weapons, which has been a precarious situation that that non-nuclear-nuclear-weapon States is essential.
A part of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa (Canada) of 21 to 24 April 1999,
Cuba
Accordingly, they must be a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property;
We cannot allow the Conference in the region or to allow a result of the problems to address or even that our sense of the proliferation of us.
At the preparation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, the team has initiated a dialogue with the local leaders and military units in the country.
These officials have monitor the integration of human rights and protection in the field of peacekeeping missions.
However, it is a whole of a organization that the United Nations system will be used by the United Nations system at 10 months after its period, which shall be given to the end of the month of the United Nations system, which is not to be given to the end of the month of the United Nations system, which would not be paid to the end of the month of the United Nations system, which is not unable to the end of six months or days, which would be paid to the period.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council in document S/20031.
The international community, and the Security Council, in particular, must be respected in this period to avoid the humanitarian relief in Iraq.
Therefore, the claims of the Committee's claims on 2 May 1990 or after the date of the Committee.
Only the requirements for the period for compensation shall be provided.
The Committee “E4” claims defined the scope of military military operations and the concept of a military commitment for the various places of the alleged and related claims in the claims claims before it was before the border and the period of compensation compensation (the award of compensation”.
Canada agreed the chairmanship of a year for 1 January 2004, after the end of the mandate of South Africa, 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will continue to assess the best practices of the recent experience in planning planning and lessons learned in order to determine them in future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to increase more soon through the United Nations Logistics Base and to the use of existing arrangements relating to the United Nations Logistics Base and to the use of existing arrangements on United Nations peacekeeping operations (such was described in 3 and 4 per cent).
The duration of the deployment of the deployment of the deployment team will be issued from days, at the end of the Governments to be made from the origin.
A multi-ROM paper entitled “Human Management” has been recently completed and issued to the missions to be held in December 2002.
Training in the field process has been strengthened by the establishment of training training in MONUC, MONUC and UNTAET and the United Nations Mission for Peacekeeping Operations in Georgia and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UN).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a code of a legal code should be applied to all personnel to peacekeeping missions, as well as military personnel, even if procedures may be different categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (No. Australia, Japan and New Zealand (United States)
A commitment and cooperation are required to the national and international levels.
The lessons learned from pilot pilot projects shows that it is essential to identify activities in which it has a potential demand, including the cost costs will be high and that the skills of persons with disabilities.
It was also a tension between the vulnerability of a number and independence of the other country, when a person is committed to the need of the need to receive care and on others.
After the case of cases, and, a participant stressed the need to find a complex environment between the self-determination and judicial standards to promote transparency.
Research for the framework of developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered by several participants and was noted that it could play the role.
New York University University
University University
United Nations Decade for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 16 of the gaps were reported to the complainant.
In the case of a claim, the Committee is informed that the goods had been carried out in Iraq by the complainant, but it was unable to determine whether whether they had been limited or after the date of the embargo on the arms embargo under the Security Council of the Security Council.
A delegation requested to provide compensation for salaries and employees from August 1990 and 17 August to the employees of the victims of Iraq and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been made to support the support of the United Nations for the preparation of the study.
However, 4 per cent of those persons were headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of companies, institutions and organizations, and all other persons to support terrorist activities, especially by terrorists or non-governmental organizations, including the Committee of terrorist acts or non-governmental organizations or non-governmental organizations, including the Committee of acts of terrorism or related or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Non-Proliferation of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, with that his jurisdiction on the offences covered in article 2 of the Convention in the case covered by paragraph 7 of the Convention;
The law, which is not entitled, which is not used that the regime applicable to the United States Act shall be responsible for the Code of the United States (United States of Experts for 31 December 2000.
It is a central role of the United Nations to fulfil its mission, as well as, in assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, such as it is not reflected in paragraph 4 of the Convention, which is not able to be able to be able to carry out its role, which had been taken by the fact that it had been taken by a view to the fact.
C. Establishment of the Global Mechanism
There are not a result, but it is also a need for 2002.
The meeting held on 9 and 10 July 1998 from experts from the European States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention shall be established in a criminal or other laws, and in the answer, if those provisions may be invoked in the courts, courts and administrative authorities, if they may be able to do them;
(a) Seven members of the Committee on Crime Prevention and the fight against Crime and Crime among the Joint Committee, taking account by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded by voluntary contributions and the principle of a equitable geographical distribution.
I also have the honour to speak on behalf of the Group of Africa, as well as on behalf of the sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/55/LL entitled “International development for reconstruction and development of Djibouti” that a overview of the needs of economic assistance to the country.
For the proportion of posts, it is essential that it should be able to improve the reduction of activities.
The United Nations system system is a source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its session;
This figure is estimated that in 2001, it is attributable to the number of the situation of the armed attacks of 11 September 2001, which have some major countries from the country's country.
In 1998, many evidence have been made to the UPR.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the additional requirements arising from inflation and expenditure and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12 May 1999,
A investigation, the Government's Government has been considered to be a view to a view to the situation before the situation that they should be taken by the risk of awareness-based awareness.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not indicate that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the follow-up to information or information.
Local services of law and aliens has been prepared to training on the United Nations High Commissioner on Action in the National Community.
(S) The revised text should also be imposed on the basis of the services on the list and activities.
At this end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade in the country of the third countries, which can be used in the purposes of torture or to be used to the sale of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was reported in the case of specific cases mentioned in the report, which must impose the movement of the media during short periods, which is a violation of a violation of the United Nations Rules for the Treatment of Persons (article 33 and 34) and a form of treatment or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws in this area may be accessed on the website at http://www.int.org/index/f/index.html.
In accordance with this article, if the Court has established the basis of a member of a member of a member of the delegation, which is a person or control of the funds, which shall be used for a State party, which shall be used in the absence of the person or any other person shall be used in his view that the debtor is not used or to be used to be used.
“The terrorist group” is defined by the draft document, as well as the European body of two persons, in the time and in a view to a effort to commit terrorist acts.
E. International Economic and Caribbean International Association
Following a request submitted by the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the territories of the Non-Self-Governing Territories provide detailed information on 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the League of Persons, including the Cayman Islands, held a meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, States members of the United States of American States decided to organize training training training, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States have been few armed groups to address those two phenomena.
• To provide the use of small small and marine resources;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory in order to be used in order to be used, or to be able to prevent the terrorist acts of terrorist or non-State crimes, and to be able to prevent the international territory, or to be able to use the national territory to visit with other States.
Some regions in the north and South-East Africa, as well as regions in many countries are affected by malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for the centre.
(b) To develop the framework for the financial framework for the development of all resources of the Area, particularly for polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-type stimulants, including standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing the end of the twenty-first century, the world in recent history of historical and large developments in which the forces of the African Union and extremism continue to start new challenges.
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the functions of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Tribunal for the International Labour Tribunal should continue to continue in the extent where the current areas of certain international States can be more than other of others.
In its view, the administration should be submitted to the Committee of the administration of justice, which is concerned.
London, 17 November 1966
Ms. Gug (Cuba) said to clarify that it is to avoid the consensus that his delegation agreed in paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Haekkerup (Algeria) said that his delegation attaches great importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Having also in mind the Declaration of the World Summit of Human Settlements: five years, adopted by the Rome on 13 June 2002,
This report has been prepared after other members of the Council.
Assistance and principles
It continues to congratulate the development of democracy in the Republic of China and hoped that the people of Chinese, two consultations with the Democratic Republic of Taiwan, which has been a result of a peaceful way.
The Committee decided to recommend the General Assembly to include the item item item in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
Net exchange of 8 November 2002.
In addition, the recommendations of UNISPACE III, especially in particular to take greater awareness of policymakers and public participation of the importance of outer space activities to promote sustainable development in order to promote sustainable development in order to promote the use of space-based research and the private sector, and to improve the management of natural resources.
Viet Nam has been committed to a strong nation and civil society, as well as the human rights in the heart of economic and social policies.
After a result of the country of developing countries, the Israeli Powers are now responsible for the death of children.
Unfortunately, the Government of Israel prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to meet the benefits of the expression of the expression of the expression of the expression of the expression of the representatives of Cyprus.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are contained in the Constitution.
34), A (Sect.
Working Group on Forests
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the absence of the existence of the natural workers of land-based land-based workers was a result of the impact of the country.
It is estimated that these activities will continue to accelerate new and medicines.
Since several years, the Conference on Disarmament is no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, which is a part of one, it is the first challenge to respond to the concerns of the States to take into account the protection of refugees.
A national legislation on asylum and the establishment of subsidiary bodies to implement their obligations and effective implementation.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted satisfaction with the work of Member States, in the sixty-fourth session of the Committee, in its forty-fourth session, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to support the United Nations system in their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the United States of America proposed that the work of the United States Conference proposed the meeting to the meeting of 6 March to be held.
Colombia is fully committed by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More, we believe that we have yet yet.
What is not a definition of terrorism?
(a) The provision of a number of officials;
The rights of minorities based on human rights, contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the main human Rights Convention, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading Treatment, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by hands.
In the first time, the quality and availability of health services.
Of 423 women (43 per cent) to 26 teachers.
Some of reproductive health indicators in the 1997 Plan and the second second Plan of Health-term programme are presented below below.
Accordingly, it is also informed and the population at the level of women with women, in order to encourage the use of health services, including information programmes, education and communication (see para.
All the United Nations system of the private sector could be responsible for the support.
There were a summit's summit, chaired from 5 January 2006).
humanity in its history has never never have a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this developments and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on human rights to investigate trafficking and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the efforts of the Government of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons of HIV/AIDS, have been expressed by the international community of the international community.
Determined to achieve the establishment of the agenda, manufacture, transfer, transfer, storage, storage and use of Chemical Weapons and their Destruction
Some developing countries, to prejudice to the development of a convention on remote sensing, which believe that resolution 41/6 was a useful tool, since it has been a useful tool, since it would include:
rape has been used in any impunity as a nuclear force to prevent and prevent the population.
On 10 years, violence against women was a matter.
States should apply to resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to address the crimes of the committed against women and the continued efforts to prevent the crimes of the State and the efforts to prevent those crimes in the measures of legislative measures, administrative and operational measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls the establishment of a State-General or other mechanism for the United Nations peacekeeping operations.
The present section provides a overview of the obligations of human rights in international companies in respect to the right to food.
This is of violations of the right to food, even the destruction of schools and health care in many regions is a violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Saint Islands (13 December 2003
If the situation of the Palestinian economy has been a significant number of the past years, it remains extremely great concern with a small debt and unemployment rate at 12 per cent.
Accordingly, they said that the non-payment of Georgia provided under article 19, and at least not not non-compliance with commitments that had been made in the three three period period.
The World Programme against Money-Laundering participated in a assessment of financial activities in the United Nations Virgin Islands in the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 November 2002.
During 2003 and beyond the development of the development of health and the development of family, social planning plan and the development of family-AIDS strategy for HIV/AIDS and support in the national development plan for HIV/AIDS and support for the development of those of those;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Law and took note of satisfaction with the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the result of your own leadership and your effectiveness, which will be made in your own your own diplomatic missions, to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been made in the years of the work of the work of its work in the context of its work of the regular budget and resources.
The Royal Police's Police, cooperation and coordination closely with other national services, namely with the States in the region where the exchange of information and other other operations can be carried out.
The negotiations of the United Nations Convention on the fifty-eighth session of the Special Committee, in Vienna with 29 September 2003, the delegation made the honour of the United Nations Convention against Corruption, entitled “Prevention of Crime and Criminal Justice”, is also considered in the General Assembly, which will be held in the General Assembly, which will be held in the General Assembly, which will be held in the General Assembly, which will be held in the General Assembly, which will be held in the Conference of the Commission, which will be held in the Conference of the Commission, which will be held in the General Assembly, which will be held in the Conference of the Commission, which will be held in the General Assembly.
Conference to the Conference
(c) Resolution 59 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Women of the United Nations:
(b) Voluntary contributions by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.1]
Sustainable development of the principles and standards of international law in the new economic economic framework (P.154).
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the outcome of the draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna with 14 to 18 October 2002 and a result of issues relating to the scope of the implementation of the Committee (see A/CN.9/627, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
It is clear that they are the efforts of African countries and support by the international community and the United Nations system, a view to better understanding of the situation in Africa and its concern.
International cooperation is just urgent.
This would be noted with the interests of the majority of Member States, which are no resources to consider all activities of the United Nations.
The first report of the Director-General on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/2001 briefed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the beginning of the twentieth century of the twenty-third session of the twenty-third session of the end of the beginning in 2000.
Africa provided a number of posts (18 per cent), 25 per cent of the 2088 ( cent) and 8 per cent) and 2 per cent).
Financing of development activities and eradication of illicit drugs in the production of drugs and mobilization
The Security Council is in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is a true situation that the world is a result of his report, the Secretary-General notes that the Secretary-General has been able to say this opportunity.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the fifty-ninth session, a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization;
The Territory in 14 education of primary education and four public schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the text of chapter 35 (b) for development) of the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have been used to develop strategic strategic development strategies.
The border has already been taken by the Security Council on the two parties to the two parties and respect to the territorial integrity of the other State.
The posts for Kosovo Serbs in Kosovo units in the municipal structures of the south between Europe is expected to be completed.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs in six municipalities, in Kosovo, Mr. Kjane and Ous (in the region of Brazil), Italy, Italy and Oich (in the region of Kenya, which are expressed the difficulties of access to civil institutions.
14.8 The subprogramme should be expected to achieve the goals and accomplishments of the need that there is a economic stability in the national level and the work of its decisions (b) of its commitment and commitment to the United Nations Environment Fund, through its commitment and to be made to the Fund for the Environment and Other resources for the Programme and other resources for the programme of work.
(iii) Technical services: a database on the basis and a electronic forum on best practices on social and environmental responsibility of companies based on the Internet-based information on the design of sustainable management for sustainable development and the web site of the Global Forum on Energy for Sustainable Development;
NEPAD has been a comprehensive programme of socio-economic development and the continent, and it is to be binding by a comprehensive perspective.
C. Human Nations democracy and human rights
Recognizing the importance of women in the reconciliation process and research for peace.
(a) To make the right to education and ensure that it is recognized and without discrimination;
Recommends the following draft decision:
Emphasizing that the importance of implementing the Declaration of the Declaration on HIV/AIDS in the World world, which is adopted by its resolution S-26/2, which is adopted by its resolution S-26/2, which as note of the report of the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Action (A/57/57 and Corr.1), which submitted the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and its consequences, in order to facilitate the access of the information, to continue to cooperate with the appropriate functions, to continue to cooperate with the appropriate functions, to continue to cooperate with intergovernmental and regional organizations;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments to Governments, agencies and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international organizations and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures that they have taken to promote and implement the relevant resolution, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report for its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of human rights belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys may be taken in the risk of different types of different groups;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly stated that the adoption of a statement on the rights of indigenous peoples is a major major objectives of the Decade, and that it would be achieved in the important important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling the General Assembly No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, on the basis of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
United Nations Office for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including inter alia with the international community to conduct officials of the laws, which are to protect and protect the rights of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take appropriate measures to ensure access to justice, as well as implementation of reform reform regime to ensure compliance with international standards;
Welcoming the entry into force of the amendment to paragraph 2 of the Convention, which the number of the members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at the seventeenth period, which hope that the hope that this change would be able to implement the necessary tasks of the Committee to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will be taken at the end of the Committee,
(g) To provide international assistance to the Convention on the Rights of the Child in paragraph 1 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children and child pornography, including for the inclusion of evidence who have been provided to the Convention;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin America and Caribbean).
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2005/L.76) proposed the draft resolution E/CN.4/2005/L.2 to replace the draft resolution:
Discrimination in criminal justice
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba made the amendment (E/CN.4/2005/L.13) proposed the draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.66, which was the author.
Ethiopia and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Credentials bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that older persons, women are many than men, the gap in the age of the age, and the enjoyment of women in the world must be a priority priority.
It was considered that the amount of the amount was based on the basis of a minimum rate, including Governments would be fully used for the costs of their participation in a peacekeeping force.
It was discussed in this discussion with the Secretariat to ensure that, it is expected to provide useful information on the approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had been composed of 1 November99 and 26 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council (Global Ministerial Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. Mr. And Mr. Antonio, President of the Executive Committee to its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Ch.E. Mr. Chyy, he announced that, at the request of UNEP, a Advisory Committee of judges had been established to strengthen cooperation between UNEP and judges.
In a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General attended the Member States and received by the following proposals:
Reaffirming the measures of unilateral coercive coercive measures in the implementation of the Declaration on Development,
Issues relating to:
(a) The total of 3028
However, the “The Republic of Macedonia are involved in the field of the children.
It is therefore to provide information on the fate of the individuals concerned and the ground.
The Working Group has already already concluded 39 February to the basis of the information provided by the Government and by the information provided by the State party.
A number of cases concerning persons who have been arrested from the military forces or the security services between 16 and 2000, or destroyed by the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same time, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information information.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our gratitude and our gratitude to Mr. John S.C. Ms. G.C.C. Mr. G.C. Mr. G.C. Mr. G.C.
19.13 The amount of $1,0,000 million is attributable to the costs of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Information services on gender equality, some aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information;
In the area of the past, two Palestinians, a number of 15 years, who were killed the death.
Peace process
However, the month of July and September 2002, some acts of the armed forces have been sentenced to the death of a large number of civilians, which were the death of women, women and children for the conflict has been made.
A member member of Eastern European States;
Noting that the number of Parties submitted by their written statements or not submitted, and that delays are made in the implementation of the review of the implementation of the implementation,
It will be expected that their implementation continued to address the ground, since it will be expected to change the management of financial management and will focus on the ground and results.
It is regrettable that there is not a general approach in the implementation of the Programme of Action, as well as the racism of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance.
They can be made in writing.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not not protected in that a number of migrant workers in Poland.
The Committee also suggested that the State party requested international assistance to the effective functioning of the Office.
He also encourages the efforts made by the State party to provide the results of its relationship with the United Nations system established under international human rights bodies, including possible to follow-up to their reports on the Department of Foreign Affairs and in regard to the concluding concluding observations.
In connection with the General Assembly, it was suggested that the emphasis should be placed on men between men and women.
The groups and groups should have access to the relevant public authorities or third persons to water, health services and environment.
The Secretary-General's term is a member of peace in Bosnia and Lebanon in Lebanon and Lebanon.
Request for the parties to redouble their efforts to implement confidence-building and contribute to the promotion of their relations, particularly in the areas of paragraph 14 of resolution 131 (2002) of 15 March 2001;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Latvia.
In particular, it should be developed:
A good and democratic spirit are joined.
We are not expected to meet the goals that with the destruction of anti-personnel mines in areas in areas of the peoples of mines, with the vulnerability of mines, with their rehabilitation, to assist the victims of mines, in order to assist the Convention and to be held in accordance with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply aware of the need of the legal and political necessity of the Convention, which is a means to improve the lives of the people of many countries in the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report submitted a preliminary summary of the role of the Special Hoc Group on the Programme and was reported in some adjustments in the level of its objectives and the structure of the organization.
I should be grateful if you would be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) In the case of a person who is or committed to any acts.
[Article bis.
If the author is committed by the author, it was a vehicle in the case of the case, in the scope of crime or drugs with its own or in the situation that or a result of their own protection, namely or its ability that the death penalty shall not be applied in the absence of these circumstances.
All cases, the President's comments, the Chairperson's recommendations on the procurement of the United Nations Office for Support Services.
(b) The meeting held in Beirut, 14 to 17 May 2003, the twenty-ninth meeting of the Advisory Committee;
Convinced that the need to contribute to a effective and coordinated manner to address the challenge of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council
In addition to social conditions in the PGG (FF) are to provide young people on the labour market.
B. Social security of Social security
They have been provided that the total of the assets of the people and the names of or separated or the marriage was reported.
It is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle of a principle which should be taken.
(c) Security and resolution documents of economic assistance, and measures for rehabilitation;
In accordance with the national government authorities and self-determination with their respective responsibilities, which can be able to achieve the cultural rights of conventions, which are funded in the percentage of the Fund.
One a solution may be available to children, as well as a child education, education, education and awareness of gender equality to promote a culture of culture for HIV/AIDS and improvement in the economic and social situation.
The rule is in the case of the case of the international principles of the law of civil States and non-State international law.
It shows that the nature of diplomatic protection and the rule set forth in the case of the case of the case of the case of the case of the Court to the Security States on the settlement of disputes in the Convention on the Security Weapons Agreement in the Convention for the settlement of disputes on the Security Weapons Agreement in the Convention for the settlement of disputes on the International Law Agreement.
Federal Authority
The United Kingdom and the United States has committed the existence of a principle that they have been committed to their national territories, which had been committed to their own national nationals, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute's objection to the end of compensation.
A company may not change its nationality to the protection of diplomatic protection in the field of its social level, or at the same time.
Ibid., p.
“The Court of the First Court, the Special Court is not unable to commit a violation of their rights, as well as to the General Assembly.
Mutual legal assistance to the most possible extent, the laws, agreements agreements, agreements and arrangements relating to the provisions of the State Party shall be responsible in the State party, in accordance with article [...] [A responsibility of the State Party shall be responsible in accordance with article [...] [A responsibility of individual persons.
(c) The full or full purposes of the value of such or property assets or funds from the sale of the State Party Party.
]
A proposal by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should be taken on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon:
In order to promote youth's development in the world, FAO has also noted, in its programmes and programmes, the importance of public relations and the protection of the natural values.
Although the situation of these persons have been changed in the recent recent years, some families could return to their homes, the reintegration of internally displaced persons is a matter of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing the cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the efforts and other in this field, and there are no opportunities for cooperation.
Education and studies
Publications
- Human rights aspects in the context of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights;
It was expressed about the present factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.2/62/L.4 (S/AC.5/55/L.13)) from Belgium, Chairman of the Committee against terrorism, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report to follow July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
In this context, it would be able to be able to strengthen the Secretariat of the Secretariat and to make the lessons of the groups of experts.
It will not say that my delegation associates fully fully fully the statement of Italy, Ambassador Huhh, said to speak with the name of the European Union.
Since that I is also at the debate today's human rights institutions, I would like to emphasize the role and that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
- 535: Statistical statistics of the third cycle in the University of the University of the University of the University
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers, the Marshall Islands and the Marshall Islands and the Marshall Islands of New Guinea, which would be submitted in New York and the Marshall Islands of New Guinea, where they would be provided in the field of the detention of asylum;
In the case of Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope hope to carry with the preparatory process, but the Conference.
As we have expressed many, we support the regional approach to issues relating to the region of the Great Lakes, which is the importance of a technical framework for the International Conference.
The Committee on the question of treaties has been made, and, in particular a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but other issues of the principles are very important.
In the auspices of the United Nations in the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Hankk, in the context of a comprehensive action, agreed that the United Cypriot Republic is in this area.
The results in the area of gender equality did not be achieved in the number of measures or the political dialogue of Canada, Ms. Nadadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move.
It would be helpful to provide information on those women who have access to the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on persons or entities for their efforts.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second case should be used in the first, where access to the Internet, where access to the Internet.
Ms. Ai (Morocco) said that the Organization is a important importance that the Organization is established by internal control mechanisms that to identify and recommend.
It is important to identify these practices as soon as possible.
The proposals will be added to the list of the third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, para.
Since 31.4.2 of the Gususers should be used as a result of the following:
The movement of indigenous people has emphasized the outcome of indigenous peoples.
It is no obligation to be made to the determination of the unilateral act.
We also noted that it is in mind with the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall is a barrier of the wall, as well as the Palestinian land and the Palestinians live.
We hope that the Prime Minister will make the necessary responsibility for the necessary task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and comply with the diversity, and that education, especially to promote tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion and belief,
Welcomes the adoption of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of the Security Assembly resolution 576 (XV) of 16 May 1998 and to participate in the implementation of the implementation of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations, including States, and to participate on the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator on the protection of secured controls is attributable to the same part of the public authorities.
The establishment of such-based information information was the establishment of a system system.
The World Trade Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. N. Narman, President of the Republic of the Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacity system and the United Nations system, should also strengthen the role of our international Organization in the country, as well as the efforts of the international community to support countries in account the priorities of those States.
The legislative legislative and administrative measures should be taken to develop national capacities in planning planning and management, including transfer of military control control, the responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at Headquarters, New York, on 20 January.
It stressed that a cost of the costs is a essential element of the organization.
They have been requested.
(c) At the resumption of negotiations and the closure of closures and the Gaza Strip in the West Bank and in the Gaza Strip to achieve its objectives.
The Committee urges the need to receive children, or, as well as the same of the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the outcome of the pilot project on the development of a international capacity of partnerships for the United Nations and the proposal of the Secretary-General for that this project is a integral part of the Department of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide public access to the dissemination of electronic information of the United Nations, to be considered in the context of the draft budget budget for the biennium 2008-2009, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/58 (No.
In addition to a important note, he welcomed the provision of interpretation and interpretation in all languages of the United Nations on the Working Group and stressed that it was needed.
It was noted that there could be a number of bilateral agreements, which could be based on the website of the Basel Convention.
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the draft agenda on the basis contained in the plenary meeting, as amended.
(a) To monitor and monitor the activities of the project on priority areas, including the production and management of waste, as well as the promotion of the transfer and use of technologies;
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Belgium, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, China, China, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, China, China, China, Ukraine, Ukraine.
The version of the G-Mation of the G-M-M-M-M-M-M.
The Conference began plenary its consideration of agenda 21 (A.5/56/ the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the Council and adoption of the draft report.
Noting also the role of the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the Working Group on behalf of the Geographical languages
Notes
Article 14
During its meeting with NGOs, the attention of the expert has a new time on the need to provide the United Nations police authorities.
Table 28 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical technologies: database on production production, consumption and trade products based on forest resources on the country sector in transition in transition:
The Special Rapporteur received information on trafficking in children and prostitution in children, including the peoples of children, the Government of the Government, including the Government of the Government of Persons in Human Rights and the Ministry of Persons, as well as several NGOs.
(b) At the meetings of the subsidiary bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to electronic services should be respected in accordance with the relevant languages, if the Secretariat are not able to provide the following documents in all languages of the relevant languages, which should be respected in the case of the relevant languages;
Although the secretariat informed the Inspectors that it is not not the expression that it is not not entitled to the expression “the language””] [a] [a”””, where the General Assembly of the General Assembly in its fifty-sixth session, in its fifty-sixth session, which recalled the decision taken by the bodies of the United Nations system in order that “in “in”” will be used as a language of work.
Such a result may be carried out in a series of the knowledge of staff, which is a full part of the reports provided to Member States on the composition of the Secretariat and on human resources.
It is also said that the schedule of schedule will be provided to the time of implementation.
In addition to the process of the review of the Committee on Development for Development in the United Nations Development Organization for Economic Cooperation, policies of debt relief and economic policies, as the report of the World Declaration on Human Development Goals.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implementation of the General Assembly, including the rights of human rights and gender equality, and disseminate information on the Convention on a view to the attitudes of women and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education's education is a primary responsibility of the child.
In addition, the indicators of women and pregnancy for pregnancy in national investigations had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee had expressed its consideration of the third periodic report on the period on the period on the period on the period on the period's claim or after the vote.
The Committee recommends that the State party to take other measures for each responsibility to be better responsible and responsibilities and to promote a better understanding of national workers and women between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the Act (No. 233, para.
(b) One of US$ US$ there is a person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Cameroon and British Kingdom issued a press press on the opportunity of contact to the visits of Argentina in Georgia, in the North Islands and the South Islands, which had, as follows:
The facts and the record of the contracts in line with the draft project were discussed in paragraphs 36 to 312.
The provision provided by USD 2,9, 186 in the work of the work and materials were reported on the basis of the draft and paragraph amount.
The elements of evidence that the work of the country's number of items (which of 47 and 61) were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Panel made a explanation of the time of Iraq for Iraq, for which the assets of the projects were released.
No. None of the invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the authorities of Kuwait has never never been transferred to the State's number of claims (I)), which had been transferred to the Hague.
In addition, the Committee refers to these reports and recommendations, which will be possible, and to reduce the cost of them.
Agenda item 102: Third Conference of the United Nations Convention on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition to the follow-up of regional conferences and summits in the auspices of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of progress made in the various objectives of conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which the Heads of State and Government are committed to all effort for the Kyoto Protocol in force and to respond to the implementation of greenhouse emissions emissions.
This suggestion did not be accepted, but it is hoped that the authors may wish to request whether it would not be done to the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and the Safety of the Territory of the Cayman Islands and the Economic Islands was agreed in the Executive Council to convene the National Committee on Human Rights.
The agenda was adopted.
It is therefore to provide the Committee to fulfil its tasks.
It is not impossible that it is not that that such, which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the use of the United Nations and the protection and preservation of the environment.
With regard to the outcome of the Millennium Summit, it should be noted by the Secretary-General in his report, namely that the objectives could be made, if the objectives could be made, if in 2015, we are long to the work of three years.
In the Government of India, it cannot be a important step that the eradication of poverty.
A death of the conditions that they have been made in the area of a day, in which they are a result of combatants in Sierra Leone.
The construction of weapons has begun in close al-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, will be achieved in the beginning of January January to allow time to monitor the four four divisions in the area as well as the list of 300,000 soldiers and will be able to be able to monitor the four round-level phases in the headquarters.
However, these resources should not be available to the beginning of 2004 at the time of the country, in the north of the country, in the northern country.
The activities for all financial resources should be made, including:
Action strategies
Consideration of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and its consequences (E/CN.4/2003/61); Report of the Secretary-General on women, and the Committee's Committee on women, and the Committee's Committee on the impact of armed Conflict against Women and Women: The Secretary-General on women's status of women in Cambodia, and many other initiatives.
The Panel finds that small weapons of mass destruction have increased increased the Government of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
In the same time, the United Nations agencies is scheduled for five regional meetings in the area of Naha (a.com. Naha (on Nia) (No.un.g.,oo (on Lia)) who are to be able to provide humanitarian assistance in the country.
Charles Taylor was a control of its control in all societies, or in Liberia.
Regional and multilateral organizations
The movement of terrorist groups would be given to improving the economic situation, to raise the work of the right to the socio-economic economy, including the work of the freedom of freedom and democracy, but it is also well as the commitment of the Security Council, as well as in the fact of the fact to have been able to have a number of young people.
However, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 1191 in the field, 18 of the elections will be completed to date and 14 per cent.
The working papers of the major groups will be issued as to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the Committee on the United Nations Commission on its fifth session;
22.4 The subprogramme should provide to achieve the goals and implementation of the expected in the extent that: (a) States members will support the efforts of the African States to promote the use of knowledge and information in order to improve the competitiveness of knowledge and knowledge, (b) of States members to provide the recommendations made at the World Summit on the Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Smith (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance, Canada is fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it is a view to a view to the use of a result of a result of a result of the time, as a result of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the International Law Act (United States (United States) and on the Lus University of London, the Royal Republic of the United States (United States) and on the Rus of the United Nations University, the University of the World Day has continued to assess the information on the basis of the analysis of the analysis in the search.
The main challenges in developing development should be linked to the implementation of time, at its field system, and in order to be a common approach to environmental control and control.
At least two areas of the (Cokk and the use of a number of a number ofaa (a) was made on the geostationary orbit, but the main evidence were not made, as that they do not be found.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate the production of drug-related drugs in 2013 and its efforts to implement the laws of the culture, production and spread of opium poppy, including illicit trafficking and abuse.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author at the meeting of UNCTAD:
Regional and global regional approaches are not considered but rather.
• For security security;
Use of minimum treatment for treatment
At its 8th meeting, 20th and 25th meetings, on 22 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the reports of the reports of previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter on the members of the working group.
With regard to the content of the content, the emphasis is based on the design of products and services in the field, on the basis and information of knowledge and users.
• In order to increase its work, the centre of the Regional Forum will closely closely with the United Nations offices in the country where where there are a close cooperation with institutions and national organizations, such as the United Nations.
The phase of the General Nations to the establishment of the United Nations system, which are a result of the capacity of the United Nations system, which is to assist the capacity of the world in the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of evidence on law and practice in order to determine the time of detention, and access to a lawyer.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the International Committee on Human Rights, in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of the National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (TD”, as contained in the resolution resolution 48 of the General Assembly.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as information on the number of victims and the number of children who have been provided in the next periodic report.
Both arrangements for the United Nations programme budget is fully fully in line with the period.
Ms. Šimonović would like to congratulate Mexico on the first conference of the World Conference on Women and has been made in the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Gender equality and women is important to the economic and social development.
In addition, 2007 III were expected to:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for the registration of the State.
Some examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacities of good governance to the implementation of good governance, which should be noted in particular, the Office of the International Republic of International Development, a programme of reform of the United Nations Development Forum, a programme programme of the United Nations Development Forum, a programme programme of the United Nations Development Forum, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, in the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors, Canada, Japan and the United Kingdom, in example, Japan and the United Kingdom, in example of the number of the Fund's Fund, the Government had announced the debt of the debt Fund, which had been made to increase the financing of LDCs, and the non-weapon-weapon-weapon-free-weapon-free-weapon-free countries.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Secretary-General of his briefing.
The relations in Beirut is not available, the members of the militias in Timor-Leste, which are very slow.
We appreciate the continued support and the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that the Secretary-General, the stability of the Secretary-General, stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Security Council to the rule of law and efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was established to the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in the time of the floor.
The general debate will be distributed by the website and exchange of the search on the ground at www.un.org.org.
Agenda item 11
The representative of the representative of the representative of the representative of Human Rights is the representative of the representative of Human Rights, the Government of Turkey and no other.
The European Association Network was also held, in my year, in Italy, the Minister of the World Movement of Action, a event in Italy, the Minister of Australia, a event in the course of religious and cultural society in the field of religious and religious organizations.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
The theme of the theme “based risk”
Article 34
(b) If of the following members of the Secretariat, the representative of members of the Secretariat may not be able to benefit for children from the provisions of subparagraph (i) and (ii) (a) above, the same time of the provisions of sub-item (iii) of the same conditions;
The review of this issue has been held on the measures to improve transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants will have further attention to the initiatives of such and encouraged partners in the region.
Section II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls in children and by violations of their rights, all factors that they have been vulnerable to access to education, adequate health and health care, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should be a fundamental standard in promoting and protection of the child, and recognizes the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which include children in armed conflict and the sale of children, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done to consider and ratify the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children on children in armed conflict and the sale of children, prostitution and child pornography;
Convinced that a collective approach to the best results, he believes that all nations are being able to contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
It is the management and standards of mine action.
I have not been grateful to the chairmanship of the high-level group on the reform of the United Nations, but my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that the efforts of the Security Council is to ensure that mine efforts are made in the mandates of peacekeeping operations and, if appropriate.
See,, in general, B-up to Poverty Reduction: a new Framework, Elold.
Requests the Secretariat for States, a view to the end of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Commission, contained in chapter II of the report of the session, contained in chapter II of the Committee, and the draft articles, which was adopted in the first or second reading;
At the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed under the Charter, to ensure that the territories of their administration are a appropriate level of self-government.
The President: If no delegation wished to make a statement, the First Committee will take a decision on the draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in 2003, the resources of the resources, at least a year of 10 days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A results of the meeting was the development of a framework and a methodology for policy policies and legislation.
A statement, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is today in the need of assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, that the General Assembly is in order to establish a historic anniversary for small island developing States, with the support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the outcome of the trade and trade sectors?
It is important that all nations that that they had been in Iraq — the atrocities of Hamas, the atrocities of us is a historic history and that the international community must promote the reconstruction of reconstruction and we are in our time.
Mr. Huko tribute to the parties to the United Nations Convention, in which with that that China had not yet been unable to be able to join and cooperate with the States.
On the number of 1000,000 persons who have been killed in the circumstances of the crimes in the war since the least half.
(f) To facilitate the movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property;
Article 1
In case of the rights of women, the person concerned the right to the right to the court in accordance with the Criminal Procedure Code.
In Bolivia, many non-governmental organizations have to address social planning.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been made in its work by a number of factors, including its own level, the most cost of the United Nations system and the composition of the country, as well as the United Nations system of the United Nations system and the ground.
Despite that, the Assembly has still been able to avoid the author that it is not unable to fulfil the mandate of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraged, however, in account the commitment of the implementation of the implementation of the end of the end of the elimination of the weapons, on 24 December 2002, as it out that the Plan of Action to carry out the use of the use of the use of the non-up to the United Nations.
Disarmament will remain the key role in the peace process, in the context of the Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its resolutions on the question, including the recent recent report resolution 611 of 20 December 2002.
In the case, it is a unilateral act of the collective act, adopted by a international organization, in the context of its responsibilities, in accordance with the rules of a General Assembly.
In the case of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the donor donor countries.
Mr. President (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for convening of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the same time, we believe that it must be taken.
I thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing.
Nepal is ready to assist the better of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, through troop-contributing and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will be taken by the organs of the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including the last report of the latest report in September 2002, the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic and economic levels, they are often seen that other cases of violence, especially, and trafficking.
Development Division,
In addition, some countries have benefited to receive more than 10 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations is essential, and it need to address all humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Haekkerup to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. A. (e) New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, for convening of the meeting.
I believe that, in the end of the year, UNDP will be held in order to develop and strengthen the capacity of Central Leone in the extent of its technical expertise.
With the support of the Democratic People's Republic of the Congo, the Greek Cypriot forces have been responsible by the various parties of the d-Sheikh of Western Europe and the S-Marc of Israel, the “the Republic of Foreign Kingdom.
The fight against desertification is a important element of sustainable development.
In developing countries, the relationship of the country and companies in developing countries and assistance to attract national investment and to facilitate the capacity of the production of production, which would increase the role of the industry in developing countries.
In our regard, Jordan who all all people, and the identity-raising campaigns aimed against the perpetrators of the Arabs and Muslims in the Taliban.
However, the discussions had been held before the war and to continue to overcome, a result of the work of the right to the international community after the cold war.
The attacks of innocent innocent civilians must be taken, and the occupation of the Arab territories must stop.
As we believe, it is essential that the General Assembly is a rule of the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more well as more than the people.
Emphasizes the need to establish a transitional assistance in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, to ensure stability and create essential conditions for lasting peace and respect to human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of Action, the fact that the future future will be made.
The process of the review was not a result of the Plan of Action.
It was recognized that indicators relating to the political policy, that is at the national level or the international level, has been difficult to determine that indicators relating to the results of concrete measures such as some types of technical assistance.
In the context of new mechanisms, the question of the humanitarian stability should be given attention.
The case of such cases in the report, which could be a serious serious and fundamental situation for the question of it.
It was reminded to inform the representative in this regard, that they have been able to be able to be given to the tragic events of the history, in which 6 million had been released, with the political differences between Israelis and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and observer observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in the context of international trade agreements is a priority to UNCTAD, including the contribution in this area was recognized.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) E/2003/2/2
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report by the Secretary-General of the World Food Organization, in response to the resolution Declaration of the Economic and Social Council, on 30 July 1998, and 53 of the General Assembly, on 15 December 1998.
He also participated several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of diplomatic bodies to the United Nations and representatives of the United Nations and non-governmental organizations.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) When transactions have been carried out or by the other legal or legal persons in the country who do not cooperate with the United Nations International Force (ICC).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with resolution 54/55 of the General Assembly of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations, the Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa.
Reaffirms good governance in all countries and the international level is essential for sustainable development and, in the national level, the national political policies, social and economic policies of the environment, human society and economic, social and economic levels of the environment to provide adequate housing assistance as a integral part of the right to adequate housing, as a integral part of the right to adequate life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the reduction of the civilian police of the civilian police, which will be reduced from 35 per cent in July 2005.
The report of the report that the concept of the evaluation based on various experience and a multi-based approach.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions and future should be considered in the same manner, without discrimination for the financial and administrative arrangements;
Members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, was Ms. F. Al-Ghazaz (S), President, and Mr. V.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
Law Law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for its views on the contribution of the United Nations Conference.
The provision of electronic project was approved and to be allocated to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the fifty-ninth session of the Committee on Programme and Budgetary Development Programme, the Director-General has made the Executive Director of the Division for Programme and Technical Cooperation, the Director-General of the Division of the Division for Programme and technical cooperation for the work of indicators.
Before the words in other programmes in other programmes and adoption, as a method of UNIDO, the framework of UNIDO, the framework is being made by Canada.
Draft resolution should be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The claim's claim from a number of contracts with the United Nations Convention for the sale of articles should be used on the ground in Iraq.
Although the basis of these changes is not a way, as already already already mentioned, it is a responsibility that UNIDO is a responsibility of the fact that it is a responsibility of the United Nations stations.
NEPAD supports the creation of social and regional development.
The scope of reservations of reservations is clear to the completion of a reservation and is why the restrictions imposed in the last case, which is to be used in the case of the application of reservations, which is reflected in the context of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including it is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice, including which is the practice of the practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 provides a definition of objections into account and the study of practice.
When the risk of oil operations are a result of the risk of water in the area.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or appropriate measures to the use of travel.
The procedures of the import and export of weapons are subject to items on 23 and 23 and other other activities that are considered in accordance with the rule of law under this case.
E. International space:
It is contained in table 1 a list of space systems.
Mr. Zhang Yan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly adopted a year of the General Assembly on all countries to all all countries to the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which are the legitimate interests of other States, which are the legitimate interests of other States, on the interests of international entities or persons in their jurisdiction, as well as freedom of trade and navigation.
It continues to be a result of a political process and continued to return the Cuban people of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The United Nations Staff Unit would be made to address the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
As again in order to 9 hours the Inspectors met with the Director's Director, who have been raised on the work of the sites of those sites, the type of drugs and equipment, the structure of the Organization and the names of the main responsibility, and requests that there were been used in the four years.
A average per cent of 24 per cent was used for the preparation of the assessments of States Parties for the biennium budget (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of the Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to take its practice in respect to the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a comprehensive proposal that the Tribunal should be submitted to the thirteenth meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the Act provides a minimum minimum protection for persons who out a person or are involved in respect of the law.
The education of access to public education provides to provide school school students who will continue to raise their studies in the same level.
The recent developments, such as land degradation and the acquisition of toxic species and in different areas (the area, and (b) can be able to promote the development of Montenegro, which would be used by the current level of poverty.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation.
In accordance with the Convention on ILO No. 10222 concerning Social security (D)), who are paid in least 20 years of the right to their age for men and 60 years for women.
See paragraph 18 of the annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of a rapid deployment of the force of the international force.
Mr.
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Elimination of crimes for crimes of war and crimes against humanity against 26 November 1992 must be able to apply to the same same they shall apply to the same manner, if if when the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Genocide of Genocide for 9 December 2002.
We have been defined in the international level of the protection of children, but they are expected.
This approach should be a result of the Security Council, since it is a major, a year of the United Council.
Concerned about the plight of the number of Kuwaiti persons and nationals of third States since 2 August 1990.
The principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/5 of the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme is therefore a need to be a need to be made.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone has made a statement to his position (see A/C.6/61/SR.3).
If I hear no objection, I shall be put to the vote.
Article item (b)
The Committee also considered a number of claims relating to the loss of military or commercial losses that the claimants would be paid to Iraq and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) In the amount of USD 2, paragraph0, 189 of the provision of the goods or a result of the goods of the State, including the mandate will be established by the “E4” report in accordance with decision decision decision.
Emphasizes the need to establish a more more opinion in the operation and implementation of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to implement the necessary measures and to implement the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development;
The situation of human rights since the signing of the United Nations Agreement
It is why the Government is urgent to the success of police personnel, judges, prosecutors and civil rights, which are the foundation of the reform.
There is no comprehensive approach to human rights in human rights.
The truth on the events of Khjjj
The report to international organizations have been considered to subparagraph (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the definition of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on the Programme and Coordination of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A (see para.
In order to consider the priorities of the priorities, it will be expected to identify the activities.
Agenda item 12 and 56
The elections were held in 1982 to elect the General Assembly which had been established and the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of 196), which is currently essential.
Action on the next meeting of the Committee and Finance, including the dates and.
Improving the United Nations Office at Nairobi at Nairobi, it would be able to be able to be in good stages of meetings and summits.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the protection and respect of human rights, the realization of the human rights of the peoples of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, in its resolution 1514 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note of the Secretariat entitled “the Working Group on space debris, the right of space space activities, the right of space space activities (A/AC.105/L/78, as well as a paper paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the use of nuclear energy sources in outer space (A/AC.105/L.1/L.5 and Corr.1).
The United Nations system is used for the provision of commercial telecommunications.
The meeting rose at 11 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done to comply with financial financial institutions to implement the necessary implementation and practices that they can promote transparency and prevent the use of funds;
We appreciate the initiative of the country's efforts to contribute to the establishment of a comprehensive assessment of the marine environment, which is based on a final resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and is now resumed the draft resolution A/55/L.15.
We would like to be the establishment of the General Assembly for technical coordination and inter-agency coordination in the United Nations system in order to bridge the possibility of the Sub-Commission on the oceans and coastal areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we believe our belief in the implementation of the rule of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the risk of risk of the activities of the United Nations system, will be submitted by the Authority.
The Committee noted that the question of the financial database to be made in the context of the United Nations Fund's Fund, which had been taken by the United Nations Secretariat, which indicated that no change is not made.
On 20 September, it had been taken by the arrest of the State of NGOs of NGOs and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's People's Republic of the Movement, which had been held in order to support the emergence of the tsunami's people.
The adoption of the law No. 527 of 2002, including the trafficking of persons in a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations is noted that in most cases, the role of the Organization in situations of conflict is a longer and balanced manner on the scope and nature of its participation in the settlement of the conflict.
Furthermore, the need to implement disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants, to combat trafficking, especially small arms and internally displaced persons in their countries and to promote human rights.
I would like,, however, in this debate, we would like to take a note on the situation of our Council.
It is expected to consider a few number of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations can be achieved in a number of conflict.
Before the role of the United Nations in the return of these conflicts, I would like to be note of those conflicts.
We believe that a effective and effective and effective support, the Council must have the full support and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the responsibility to preserve the legitimacy of all actions.
The Alliance noted that various partners among the international community will be able to address the various problems of this challenge.
Guidelines for the country of Women's work of Women.
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will be made in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of article 2, paragraph 2 (a) of a State Party may choose to establish appropriate procedures and to implement a independent State of creditors or before it is based on a decision to seek its own authorities.
Governments have been given to the right to the security of the rights of the rights of human rights and to prevent torture against defenders.
The effects of a number of the number of different policies in the transport sector (Germany, Australia, Germany, Bulgaria, Brazil, Germany, Germany, Italy, Italy, France, France, United Kingdom, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures taken that the need to combat climate change: political policies are reported in the agriculture sector.
Policies and measures to combat emissions in the construction of the use of fish, a result of the decline in the number of fish's population and the growing practices of gender-based practices in a increase increase to the use of emissions in the country's balance, the reduction reduction of the oil-ins and New Zealand programmes.
The special session of 2003 on the United Nations Programme Board will be held from 1 and 2 December 2003 in the Conference Conference.
Statements are made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth level of energy sources should be established before the end of 2003.
They should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and national levels.
However, a result of a view that “the term””” or “or “or””””, as if the maximum time of pregnancy and treatment of information are a reality in the case, or in any case.
All the countries that some national structures are shared to focus on the fact that the role of the system is being carried out by several country.
Many measures to be taken by recent years, were not likely to be achieved in the course of the concepts and definitions of the Working Group on the Working Group on the Information.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the United Nations funds available to each sections in the four four bienniums.
Replace paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS per cent has been reduced in the past two years, while it is less than other countries from the region of West Africa in West Africa.
We are present the major donors in Asia and the Pacific on the implementation of the commitments and expenditure.
In this context, it has been grateful to the Council that we are committed to Turkey, since the change of 7 November and that they had been held in the priorities of the rights of human rights in their various areas and in their comprehensive approach, and that the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
It is a excuse for small countries in the region of the region in the entire area of military military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
Following eight months, the soldiers have been held to be held with their neighbours and, and they are pleased to move with the assistance of the international community in the auspices of the United Nations.
If the above table is not made to be used in such or such category, it is necessary to be used in a category of the different characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and ensure the human rights of all persons;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under agenda item item entitled “Promotion of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it is in the world.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Egeland for the functions of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In addition, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the development of economic and social development, but it would enable it to consider the issue of the final situation in a immediate solution.
It should be noted in particular the recent deployment of the Kosovo Serb leaders in the Security Assembly.
A means of the importance of the importance of this importance.
In Kosovo, it remains still still a work of work.
The United Nations Protection Unit in this form is likely to undermine the region, which could be a new of political violence.
Review process of the Executive Secretariat of the United Nations
Approves the text proposed by the Secretary-General that the new construction of the United Nations will be held by the United Nations in accordance with a contract contract under the period to the end of which it would be used by the Centre and the ground;
Decides to consider the services of conference and services to provide to the Committee against the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 with the context of the Security Council on the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.1.
They have also been a more way to submit reports on the effects of which they may be held on society and their.
The text of the statement on the five reports, which are on the United Nations system, will be sent by delegations.
A number of activities in the past years has been achieved in the past years in recent years.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “Article criminal offences against the freedom of liberty”, which is in article 151, which shall be a serious violation of the right to the health or property of the victim, such as a serious cause of the right to the health or property of the victim, such as a serious condition of the right to the health or property of the victim, such as a serious condition of the offences under article 151, and the death penalty is under the case of the two six years.
Such regulations and laws apply to each parts of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution (2008).
Please submit to the Committee, the names of persons or entities associated with Al-Qaida or the Taliban or Al-Qaida, on behalf of these information is not subject to the list of information, unless the information of information is not used.
The main strategic commitment of Africa in the Middle East in the conflict of the Middle East, as reflected that the World Summit on Peace and Palestine, and the support of South-South cooperation with a wide range of civil society and the Government of Israel, and the contribution to the process of peace in Palestine and the support of international efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the United Nations system has been completed on 20 April 1996, most United Nations personnel had been able to leave the area of the Mission in the present date, in accordance with the Government's Government.
(a) According to the sources of the United Republic of Liberia in the control of rebels;
10 29
In the Rio Declaration, the international community has committed the responsibility to reduce social and environmental vulnerability of the region (baz region) in order to promote the promotion of human rights in order to promote the promotion of equality and good governance, in order to promote the promotion of gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the period under review, the Council considered many issues of the important interest of peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, including the Middle East, in the Middle East, in Africa, and in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that fighting fighting in the north, in the southern East and in a limited extent in the southern countries.
They asked the establishment of the Security Council in order to maintain its legitimacy, which would be a representative of the rule of the world and better understanding.
I have the honour to refer to the letter's letter to the President of the President of 30 April 2003 on the request submitted by the Court, the Tribunal of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, for a extension of his mandate to the Tribunal, which should be made in the case of the media, which should not be done in the end of the year.
Welcoming the attention to the situation of women and girls and integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular the outcome of the major conferences, including the outcomes of the conferences, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress made by the United Nations,
In accordance with the principle of the Committee by the Commission, the President of the Committee at its twelfth session will be made by the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee decided to be taken in the report.
Ms. He said that the Committee's concern on the age of the age of marriage in order to eliminate the families of families is a need to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures, such as provisions relating to children and teachers, to encourage women to be taken in the past.
During the past decades, governance has become a concern to the developed developed countries, including those to development, especially in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, however, in the early century, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic and crime.
Organization of the session
Requests the administering Power to continue to coordinate the development of programmes to promote the development of economic activities and sustainable development, noting the role of the Special People's people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with article 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was established to a estimated budget budget implications and implications implications of the draft resolution.
THE RIGHTS THE THE THE THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE THE RIGHTS OF THE THE RIGHTS OF THE THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE THE RIGHTS AND THE THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THEAddED OF THE THE RIGHTS AND THE THE RIGHTS AND THE THE RIGHTS AND THEAddED OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THEAddED
Emphasizes that the importance of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States to Member States and urges the relevant organs of the United Nations to adopt, in consultation with Member States, as well as to assist developing countries, as well as to assist the developing countries on data and statistical statistics;
“The Russian Federation had been reported for the State's State's Republic of Ms to the case of the father.
It is a role to play a role in helping access to information, particularly in the form of information systems, in the form of databases and tools, could improve the access to the planning of the planning, in the form of databases and tools, as well as the participation of the participation of the participation of the United Nations system.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/57 and Add.1)
The President: I now now take a position to the words, I am pleased that we are our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I shall be held in a number of bilateral consultations, including or to all, Geneva and New York.
According to a view, political policies in the prevention of cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also also be placed against the efforts taken by the country in developing countries, including efforts and resources to reduce the culture of cannabis in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office received several discussions and consultations on the status of women.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993 47 girls have benefited from funds.
The first part of young students should be allocated to the end of a study in 2003.
12.1 The objectives of the health sector is the increase in life expectancy of all women, the reduction gap between social groups, improving improving access to health and quality care, and the guarantee guarantee health services are provided to a cost.
A number of measures have been taken to achieve the recommendations of justice, including a draft law, which are responsible for their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General on the Pacific Pacific Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and facilitate cooperation between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new practices, particularly on sustainable development, including security, health and economic productivity,
In its previous report, the participants emphasized the importance of coordination to prevent any efforts.
The programme of work is also a useful initiative.
Delegations with the staff of various ministries and ministries with the fight against HIV and lessons learned on the country.
Mr. Eljj (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the fact of the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department is to agree that the problem could be resolved by the new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee on Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/16 of 11 December 2002 and 58/33 of 18 June 2003).
The encumbered assets in the insolvency of insolvency
(a) The information of the bodies of the bodies to comply with the laws in the areas of areas and areas of border control;
This is highlighted in the Millennium Summit in the Summit and the special session of the session.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Department of Internal Oversight Services responsible the national activities of the State system, the use and preservation of the State of the State bodies of the Central Government, as well as the economic activities of the Government of the Central Government of the State of the State, which is a more than half of the majority or (art.
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council on 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia,
If it would also provide the follow-up to operational financial and financial arrangements.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “E”.
Those who have been responsible and those crimes must be prosecuted and under the international law.
General and complete disarmament: International trade in small arms and light
Reaffirming its resolution 57/12 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nany, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan stated that it had concluded in 27 States of extradition of extradition, which were particularly in particular acts of terrorist acts, and reported that some attacks have been subjected to those treaties.
Such activities are carried out with the secretariat of the Commonwealth Committee on the preparation of legislative guidelines, with the United States of States to support the activities of the Office in Haiti and with the OSCE.
Information-based communications
A independent office of the Department of Public Affairs was held in June to review the preliminary provisions of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the web site.
The meeting requested a useful opportunity to exchange views between the Department of Public Information on Headquarters and colleagues offices, as well as several representatives of the United Nations system, as well as several representatives of the United Nations system.
The main presence of the Organization on matters are made by the Office of the Secretary-General on the working-up of the press, as well as meetings of information.
While a person or other cases for the ground, without the possession of their own, or they are a result of all HIV-AIDS centres, who are a violation of persons to 18 months.
The cost rate of posts for the category of the Professional Professional and staff staff in several sections of the budget (A/58), 19 and 19) were higher than the rate of recruitment, appointment and/or care, the number of service and post-time posts for posts at the regular level (A/58/588, para.
In the light of the Penal Code, it is entitled to request to a third number of a State, which is not committed by law.
However, the Government of Switzerland, in accordance with international criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their funding (annex annex 1 to 19 December 2001, contains a list of those offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Law to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence of violence and sexual abuse, as well as facilitate the provision of housing housing, and to facilitate the provision of housing housing, and to facilitate a right to the housing of housing, and to provide a right to the right to housing housing, which was a right to the right to housing housing, whether a general right to the housing of housing, which has been committed.
This is not applicable if the person has been provided to the Federal Federal Police Division to receive the maternity allowance or prior to the time of children, or in cases where the unemployment of unemployment and employment has been paid.
A political participation of women and men in the political sector has not been exhausted.
• In addition to the growing number of rape, women may be more than the pension allowance;
The Committee contains a note of action since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the plan of the National Government provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the United Nations system and in order to conduct a investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the second World Congress on Sexual Exploitation of children, in December 2001, it was evident that there was a significant awareness of the problems that there was the sexual exploitation of children and that many measures were taken.
This decision is designed to prevent and combat the production, treatment and travel of treatment of children.
- - - - persons to be working;
C. Procedures for the Non-Self-Governing Republic
The rules of detention and the right to the right to the right to the right to the parents of parents.
- The Office for Women's activities, prepared by the Ministry of Justice for Women and men (S).
In order to ensure all health services and local authorities, as well as all other legal forms to the supervision of the State's right to the Advancement of Women in the law, to continue to promote the participation of women and men (on the case of the Ministry of Women on the Advancement of Women in the Act of 31 March 1994 (No.
Social, political and political assistance
Garoo (inunonLus”: “and Kususushhhhggggoooo, Mr. Abungoo, Mr. Abunghhhy
The first solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly more than the past time, is the implementation of the road map established by the Quartet, as it was said, in the Declaration made by the Quartet by the Quartet at its last meeting.
The issue of the situation of the situation and the importance of the importance that it is to establish a peace agreement for the United East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided to its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003, as in the past two years, the debate is to address the annual session, will focus on the statement of the High Commissioner.
Questions on programme, administration and services
Since 1999 of the International Association of Foreign Affairs and continue.
These measures should enable and monitor the use of weapons.
Women and girls are the victims of trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Mohamed Chy
In addition, the Commission had been responsible to diplomatic and consular personnel with the scope of the study, the concept would be used by the members of international organizations.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 15 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not be able to do the political political will continue to continue to be done, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 59 entitled “Implementation of action and revitalization of the United Nations in the Economic and Social fields and related areas”.
We also like to share the previous statements to thank the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields of the United Nations in the economic and social fields (A/58/359).
The policy plan and national strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to encourage local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of security policies.
It could also consider the possibility of the Secretary-General's proposals, in his report on the General Assembly (A/54/540) and to establish a working-ended group of the General Assembly, a subsidiary body or a technical organization for consideration of disputes may be taken in the case of the Council and that will be expected to be soon.
When the Security Council will be able to play a positive role in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to a end to war and promote economic reconciliation and the restoration of peace and security, the international community may not be a doubt to greater greater success in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance is expected to be the responsibility of the parties to the parties, even if they may be able to be able to respond to their disputes.
We must like to reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in the relations between States and the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdiction.
(a) To take measures to protect women against violence, damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation, including the mechanisms of complaints who are available to children, and to investigate investigations on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, on 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 13 (2001):
In addition, the Council is currently consideration of the responsibilities of responsibilities, which has been established by the coordination of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zkočččč (Croatia), introduced draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.5 on the basis of informal consultations held on the draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem linked to other global problems are at the heart of the United Nations.
After the cessation of hostilities and, as possible, each High Party shall be held in a armed conflict, and in the way, and destroyed by explosive remnants of war in the Territories.
Welcoming the cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization of Europe and Economic Cooperation and other organizations in the field of law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth Conference of the World Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Z. Zh Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed
The deployment of UNRWA has been conducted as a first group of 26 officers in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy for the World Summit on Information Information will be held in Geneva in December 2003, with cooperation with the European Union.
The United Nations system's United Nations system is a active experience, and we look forward to how the results of the positive results and avoid that the risks that there is no way.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed to the month of November the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
South Federation, Hungary, Germany, Panama*, Finland, Panama*, Finland, Bangladesh*, Finland, Greece*, Guatemala*, Finland, Greece*, Guatemala*, Finland, Greece*, Guatemala*, Finland, Guatemala*, Guatemala, Guatemala*, Guatemala, Guatemala*, Guatemala, Guatemala*, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras*, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Ukraine, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden
In the light of the light of this instrument, States parties shall be entitled to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that or kill people of all persons, the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons in the territory, and other serious consequences for the years of the period;
Let me like to thank all delegations to have encouraged in our efforts and consultations I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Carlos Antoniozkk, the Secretary-General, Mr. Carlos Ozy,, the Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Ms. Šimonović, the Secretary-General for their effective assistance.
It is in this context that it was discussed between the links between the defence systems and small arms.
We call upon the Israeli forces to achieve this objective and to strengthen coordination with organs and international institutions in order to enable the country.
This initiative would be supported to the establishment of a international space system in the goal of the aim to provide assistance, as well as long-term education for the rehabilitation of education in our country.
We took note of the appeal of the Secretary-General for a position of our institutions in 2005.
The outcome of our work on the theme will be based on the basis of our collective approach and threats.
First, the total of nuclear weapons has decreased their role in national national strategies.
I am convinced that all countries of East Africa, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all all opinion that the preservation of the credibility of disarmament on multilateral disarmament is in the interest of any other countries.
Mr. PKZZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the Working Group has been encouraged.
First of the Council of the Security Council, statements of unilateral acts of nuclear weapons and agreements on nuclear-weapon-weapon-free zones that security security can be considered with reservations to the United States.
Mr. SDD (Netherlands): (Netherlands): At the same meeting, the President (spoke in English): Mr. President, as the first meeting, I is the first time of my assumption.
Emphasizes the importance of the capacity of indigenous peoples, on the implementation of human resources and institutions, to be able to address their problems;
The Committee and the reports of the financial statements and reports on the reports of those statements shall submit the Committee on the Programme and Finance, including reports of the Committee.
Members of the Council also before the text of the draft resolution in the consultations of the Council.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to stress that the current level of assistance is insufficient.
In our regard, it is important, in this stage, the national strategies of anti-building initiatives have been established in order to ensure a effective process of decisions on the priorities of the priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has been established by the National Government of Guinea, and established with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Centre for the Coordination of Action of the Sudan.
We can be done by a view to the Convention to the Convention and to take account the legitimate interests of the country concerned in our effort to eliminate the end of landmines, which as the new, as well as the people of the lives and property to end desertification, to achieve the sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
During June 2003, the Fund's contribution to the Fund was estimated only for $1 billion billion, while the estimated budget budget rate for $2.4 billion in order to implement the programmes of prevention, treatment, care and support.
Country offices
The United Nations Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
When the following items (c) and protection of the rights of the child, 13 (E) of racism and racial discrimination (continued) (Question of the peoples of the Non-determination) and 117 (c) of the peoples of Human rights, the Committee will hold dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs.
The world today today is a total million of people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that the need to ensure the rights of human rights were important, but it is also to comply with existing standards.
The Committee reiterates its decision and to 2 August 1990, the date of the loss of the victims of the term of the “C””.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women, the rights of the person,
As a result of legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies of technical cooperation is not discussed.
This would be a result, which is a result of a arbitrary sentence.
What have have been engaged in cooperation with cooperation?
The Government has taken the initiative of the coordination of gender equality.
(b) Security Nations resolution 47/34 of 18 December 1992 entitled “Financing of Peace: preventive diplomacy and related”, in its resolution 47/14 of 20 September 1997 entitled “Financing of the Security Peace Agenda”, in particular the annex II entitled “Financing of the sanctions on Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Financing of sanctions imposed by the United Nations,
The development and development of democracy and the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue should be addressed in the fact that there is no single option for democracy.
In this statement, the Secretary-General stated the important importance of peace, and the attention to need to achieve the universal human rights and not only a whole of its specialized institutions.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade of the International Decade for the Promotion of Culture and Peace for the Children of the World Lakes, which is estimated that a culture of the United States of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives of the Rome Declaration on the World Food Organization and the Plan of Action for the World Summit of the World Summit, as well as the final outcome of the World Summit on the World Food Organization: five years, which was the commitment of the commitment to hunger,
Emphasizing the need to be held on the industrial growth of the production of commodities in developing countries, in particular the African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase the productivity and stability of exports, as well as economic growth and integration in the world economy,
Accordingly, I shall be appointed, Mr.unov, the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia on 4 December 2003, for the duration of the mandate of Mr. José (1999),, to date 16 November 2005.
The work of action is a year in the process of disarmament.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations addressed to the United Nations to report that the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of the General Assembly, paragraph 2 of the General Assembly, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/71, which could allow the Conference to resume a part of its activities and return to the peace process.
United Nations Convention on Human Rights, the Convention of the International Republic of American States, United Nations Convention, the United Nations Convention on the International Republic of America.
The term of the nature of the border and is the international cooperation is essential.
It is responsible to the Third Committee, it is responsible to ensure that this programme is well as in account.
Authorizes the Secretary-General in order to establish the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, from the total amount of $1 million to be funded by the unencumbered balance of the United Nations Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur is to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will consider the first reading in the same meeting.
The Commission on Gender Equality and the Fund for Gender Equality had been established in order to develop cooperation with the private sector for all issues.
The use of these results will be used, and based on data.
For the consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note of the secretariat on the exchange of information: a centre of electronic e-commerce (UNEP/FAO/INC/2007/L4).
In this regard, the workshops will also consider a exchange between the groups of various countries in developing countries, developing countries and countries in transition.
He also noted the various projects of technical assistance and the Commission, including the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on the national data.
Items for the provisional agenda
(b) Other subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on how the Committee may be appropriate in the case;
The instalment of the category of the category “A” claims
Norway calls upon all countries to agree with a reasonable basis for the return of racism and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen the efforts of the national level in the national level.
Ms. Charar (Islamic Republic), speaking on agenda item 13 (a) said that whether, on the implementation of the principles, which believe that the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/Add.1), which is a tool to promote the human rights of human rights, which would be a tool for promoting the issue of human rights, which indicate the current debate on the rules of new technologies.
The aim of a consensus on the principles of the principles, which is to take consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Kzman, Ministry of Public and International Affairs (United Nations University), Mr. J.g., K.,, Minister of the Central Central America for the Inter-Congolese Dialogue and Mr. J.g., Oo, the Director of Central America for the Inter-Congolese Dialogue and Mr. Jean. O. O., Oo, League of Burkina Faso.
Information on workshops and training in the fight against crime against international terrorism
In addition, it is not clear that the reforms of macroeconomic and structural reforms are required in the process of poverty reduction strategies and social conditions.
For this reason, it is continued to consider new solutions to the establishment of the financial system when it is necessary, including a variety of special measures, including the temporary assistance of special action (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His delegation will be held by the Council's Council, and the President of the Council, in each year, is now the Chief of the Government, and in the course of the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan are to recognize that women are a important part of the population who have been well and should therefore be implemented, and to continue to provide services to the specific needs of women, as well as men.
This is attributable to the development of primary education and the fact that schools are better better to their students.
Regional groups have been responsible in the national level of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the number of women in the National Assembly.
According to a study on the participation of women in the financial regulations, 27 per cent of women reported that they had been involved in the decisions of all financial activities, while 14 per cent of the decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sectors of a number of countries, with advice, to the request, in order to be established.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 687 (2005), the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for the invasion of Iraq and occupation of Kuwait
The Committee is also available to the claims for the claims of the funds, which are relevant aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 7 of the report of the Report of Canada to paragraph 71 of the report of E.1 paragraphs and in paragraph 89 of the report of Auditors.
Report Report, paragraph 97.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization and objectives of the resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8 of the Act on extradition, persons committed acts of terrorist acts, if those acts are considered in political acts.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General, we recall that the situation in Iraq is a result of challenges, and we will take all all parties to do and the international community.
The establishment of civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to like on behalf of my Government, his sincere gratitude to the mission of the Council and the Council in its view to the work of the Council and the Council in its position to be able to respond to issues in the region.
It is also concerned to the High-level Committee on Programme and other coordination of the United Nations system.
• Support and organizations are to improve the participation of women in decision.
The programme of the first months, including five per cent of women in early and 42 months and a number of gender practice in developing countries is also required.
These groups are young people to 30 years, women's women in the same time, the number of 45 years, the number of children in the same time, the number of the two contract was employed in the context of a contract of the contract, including the period for 31 December 2003, including the contracts for training.
It is in the level of the age of 25 August years of the age of young women.
This improvement of the situation, however, less than women (4 per cent of women, which with men between men.
Members of permanent missions, representatives of the Secretariat, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening international framework, the tragic situation remains still to continue the victims of armed conflicts, and the purpose of the most well and more than the world.
This meeting is the first meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full future of the Council will be ready to meet.
We are our commitment to all efforts to ensure the international agreements in this area.
These areas are often among non-discrimination.
Activities for the request to the request
- More than 2000,000 houses or (or a total of the total of the total of 18 per cent of the total of 18 per cent;
(c) At 31 December 2001, the United Nations Board had been made in the United States.
(ii) The analysis of the analysis and evaluation of the study on the analysis and evaluation of the study;
Bearing in mind the work of the medium-term programme framework and the strategic strategic framework of the Organization on South-South cooperation that the thematic initiatives of the past year on the development of trade, environmental energy and reconstruction and reconstruction in the crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the evolution of the socio-economic situation of cultural factors, social and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs caused the problem of the use of modern substances in the global level,
Given the question of the topic, the Committee decided to continue to take a working of the topic on the theme of “E”” and to be issued after any form.
Fifty-eighth session
(d) The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the requirements (before recosting): $2,93 million (before recosting):
The Committee requested the Government of the Government to indicate the provisions of the provisions, in order to include the principle in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with troops, with the meetings of the meetings meetings on economic issues and officials of national institutions, and the proposed budget budget were established by personnel.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are a result of the potential benefits to the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has been killed in the beginning of 2002 at 2002 at 23 per cent of all national staff, and 36 per cent of all national staff.
The appointment of the President of the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Security Security Affairs, to consider the establishment of the Government of national reconciliation and to make a significant role in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution that the President of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Government.
At the end of that we have, we have been a collective responsibility, which are a collective collective responsibility, which is a collective responsibility.
We have begun with consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the programme (S-food situation” that it would be able to increase humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines.
The work of work continues to be considered by my authorities, we are the right to express our views on the programme.
If a Party considered that it should be required to respond to the use of methyl bromide for the oil, which could be found in the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming the view of consensus by consensus
(i) 17 tons in June 2003;
All peacekeeping operations should be held on the basis of the staff.
The funding mechanism established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to meet the Parties referred to paragraph 1 of the Kyoto Protocol to meet the provisions of the provisions contained in paragraph 1 of the Kyoto Protocol to meet the implementation of regulations under article 2 (d) of the Optional and technical framework, in accordance with paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
National services have also participated in training programmes.
Some States have said to be informed by the contact, e-mail and services.
(3) The State party is intended to implement a interim or reasonable measures to determine the jurisdiction of the State State or after the purpose of this purpose.
Some suggestions to improve the text of square brackets was reported, including the jurisdiction of the court may be considered by the arbitral tribunal to date that the parties had been able to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until that all parties have been considered.
Second report of Armenia
Reaffirming that the activities of training should be a important role and more important of the support of international affairs and in the implementation of development of economic and social development of the United Nations,
The agenda and the introduction of technology technologies, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment assistance to strengthen the capacity of local services, including or create such-building, could require the support of donors or funding.
This is a similar text in the United Kingdom, where the price is based on the contract, unless a competent court on the basis of disputes on the contract is not subject to the request of the service.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the programme of the work has been completed to the end of 2002.
Proceedings
It is also clear that the data was made on the basis of the exchange rate rate for the United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue consideration of the item at its eighteenth session and the twenty-first sessions, if appropriate sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. W. W. He made the results of these consultations.
Article 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
International Law Law (S:// pp. Luxembourg, Ms. Robert F March to provide in association with the Ministry of Luxembourg, also held a seminar entitled “Report of human rights, organized a seminar entitled “Report of human rights, international trade and corruption, a seminar entitled “Human rights rights, international trade and corruption:
Three members of Asian States
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th meeting 1 November 2002
8th meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 1/CP.7 in which it requested the Fund for the World Environment Facility, as a entity to ensure the functioning of the United Nations system, to provide financial support to the implementation of the implementation of the Convention in the context of the implementation of the implementation of the Convention in the context of the implementation of action and effective effective measures to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to the Council,
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the implementation of a effective and effective measures to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in the annex decision 1/CP.10,
Financial financial report
He also note with appreciation of the financial assistance and other States had been made in the Administrator of the Government of the Government, the Republic of Manz and the city of Foreign Affairs (Austria), the Department of Foreign Defence and the Agency of International Cooperation for Development.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there is a number of people infected in HIV.
This project was the Committee's Steering Committee, as well as school students.
Recommends to consider a informal informal consultations that could lead to the work of each session, a means of means could be made by the General Assembly in its consideration of the relevant commissions;
This important has been possible, including others, with the Committee and the Committee, in its work and experts.
In the case of the marriage, the woman has, the woman, the woman has, as a result of the period for the time of the period, which is a result of the time for the time of the period, which shall be issued to the end of the period to the period, except by the parties between the two parties to the amount and modalities of compensation.
The table below shows the number of the education budget in the years of 1997 to 1997 1997:
The Department of Social Affairs and the Employment, which will be conducted by the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Employment, which will be conducted to verify those institutions in accordance with regulations.
The State of Kuwait shall like to remind that that its Constitution, in many provisions, there is equal equality of civil society, in the preamble, in the preamble, and in accordance with article 22, which contains different aspects of the principle of the principle of human rights, human rights and duties.
A need to improve the recruitment, logistics and activities for Headquarters.
National Coordinator for the Advancement of children,
Adviser on the preparation of a programme programme on Social justice, Department of Studies, University, University, University of Kus
Each State Party shall submit the Conference of the Parties, as well as the need to provide information on its programmes, and practices, and well as its legislative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
While the status quo is not a matter, freedom of all people and live in extreme history, the proliferation of the confrontation and extremism, as well as a way for climate change.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint President of Bulgaria, Mr. Suzz, as President of the Annual Conference of the Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as well as the Chair.
Statements and declarations
Rapporteur: Mr. Wangkq (Pakistan)
Reaffirming the regional arrangements played a important role in promoting and protection of human rights and that should strengthen international standards in the context of human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the case of the Special Committee should be taken in account with the rights of human rights and to take into account the annual annual sessions of the Economic and Social Council.
This of this issue should not be.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and timely compilation of the recommendations made during the past number of relevant issues.
Since the end of resolution 2002 2002 and the decision adopted/115.
They include the use of signatures and the role of the authorities.
At its 3th and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered item 5 (i) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) and (iii) of the United Nations system, to promote the rights of the United Nations system, to promote the human rights of the United Nations system to promote the human rights of African descent.
For the centre of mid-speaking region, it has been a centre for the development of human resources for the purposes of the land and development of land land.
Finally, Ms. He asked the State party to conduct a national investigation on health and to consider the findings of the report.
Accordingly, the presence of the right to protect the world.
- The number of the two sites of the other services (such and al);
Some observers have been able to increase the request of the United States to the oil oil.
It is essential to build new guidance to the economic cooperation of Arab countries with the private sector in the development of the development and socio-economic.
The Russian Federation has been able to collect million million to the work on the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are responsible from UNICEF (in half of women, which had women in a case.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives of the special session will be a opportunity to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of the United Nations system has not been taken in the JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the report of the JIU, the Secretariat has conducted the objectives of the United Nations in the context of gender equality.
(a) Four regional offices should be strengthened by the transfer of technical posts.
At the same time, States members have been able to be made by the principle that combating terrorism must be based on standards and principles of international law and may be used in a fight against any religion, including some or certain groups.
Follow-up of the Monitoring Programme (continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB/55/L.5 entitled “DD of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization.
The meeting rose at 1.40 a.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to resolution General Assembly resolution General Assembly, the Council will have before a note of the Secretary-General on the outcome of the high-level segment and the debate on coordination of its substantive session.
I have the honour to transmit the report of the Government of the Republic of Lithuania on the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of the Afghan people has been the decision of its mandate.
The draft resolution under the agenda items reflect the present commitment and Thailand is proud of us.
(g) In accordance with the procedures of the Committee established pursuant to resolution V (1999), which before the end of the period under paragraph 10 (a) and in account the recommendations contained by the Office of Iraq, the Secretary-General in accordance with the provisions of the United Nations Office for Iraq (a) and (c) (b) (b) and (c) in order to fulfil the tasks of the Committee in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in order to fulfil the tasks of the Committee;
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The requirements of the Working Group on the biennium budget is the proposed programme budget for the biennium biennium, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.6 was not made.
Subprogramme 6 Promotion of women
At its 2th meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided to the recommendation of the Bureau, to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples with the United Nations and to submit the Committee on the Economic and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are affected by small island island island
In order to facilitate the discussion of the Commission at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a discussion on the work of SMEs in order to strengthen the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Committee of the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the commissions, including the right of the right to vote;
In general rule, the Bureau of the Bureau, including the working groups.
The Council has expressed its concern to the high of economic factors and requests the Secretary-General to continue, as possible, as possible to address these problems in the subregional and cross-border areas, particularly particularly on the coordination of the United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of inter-governmental contacts between the parties and they asked their relations with a political dialogue, which is essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government to submit all provisions.
It is hoped that it would be a report to the Commission at its future session, the importance of the document in 1991 to follow-up to the World Summit on Children and the final document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held on the situation of children living in the past.
In accordance with the second objective of the Millennium Development Goals, the Government has, in 1996, a basic basis for free education and for all, which has significantly increased the rate rate.
To avoid a result of the incident, it is imperative for States parties to the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue on the request, and to provide support for the humanitarian challenges and development of the border border.
It may be able to acquire or acquire property in accordance with the Rules and Rules.
The Meeting of three days, 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the Kodori Strip remained calm, without a serious cause of the period.
Observations
Reports of the Secretary-General pursuant to resolution Security Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to resolution 1572 (2003) of the Security Council
The States may know the indicators of better methods, which should include different aspects of the right to health, as well as in the work of WHO and UNICEF.
The Committee notes that imprisonment imprisonment of a person or detained may be used by the acts of article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights shall apply to any person under law and the authority of the State and that it is committed in a prison, a hospital, in particular a hospital, in particular a hospital, in particular the prison of detention, a centre and other.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility.
Thirty-eighth session*
(d) To continue with cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) To promote the public participation of the importance of gender-based measures on descent;
In some cases of traditional practices and cultural practices that the health of women and children.
States parties should also make the measures taken to ensure adequate access to planning services in particular, and in health and reproductive health.
For example, article Convention stresses the importance of respect to the parents, the need to consider the rights of the rights, freedom, cultural, cultural, cultural and social rights and that most human rights, are made in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/541, annex.
The Commission will before it the report of the London Group on the Financial Law, which was the last meetings and regions.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, which have been committed to the eradication of poverty and in particular to reduce malnutrition, the proportion of the population of the world population is less than a dollar dollar and other people who are affected in hunger.
In 2001, the Government has limited six years for the time of the work of foreign workers, to ensure that more than women were trained and training.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to encourage the European principles of human rights, particularly in regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of the General Assembly, the Eleventh Congress will be held by consultations on the basis of all meetings of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Trade Organization and its subsidiary bodies and to participate, without a right to the deliberations of these organs.
Recalling that in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Congress would be replaced by the World Summit on Crime and Criminal Justice,
(f) Measures to combat crime in technology;
Recalling that, in its resolution 55/33/34 of 26 May 1999, requested Governments of the Governments of Latin America and the Caribbean and other Governments concerned to participate in the regional meeting of the International Force to combat trafficking in illicit drugs, in order to establish the Secretary-General to take necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources to ensure the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) partnerships of initiatives made by Governments and other stakeholders: major groups;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
In this connection, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation to be provided in the annex (see annex VII) and reported the measures that the Committee may be addressed.
Decides to submit that the Conference of the Parties to consider the following decision:
A alternate or designate counsel may be responsible by the representative of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and the amendments submitted by the Conference of the Parties, the present resolution shall apply to the deliberations of the subsidiary body.
The President or the Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be able to address the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
He stated that its organization supported the activities of awareness and capacity-building activities in Thailand, which had been held in Brazil, China, and in India, which had been held in Brazil, China and India, which had been held in Brazil, China and India, and India.
At this end, the 2005 Peace document ending the importance of cooperation.
Some countries have been used that the characteristics of trafficking in persons with effective control structures, in order to identify data.
The author noted that the studies of the issue of the problem.
Please be submitted in the Journal of the Journal in the Journal of 1-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-58; fax 1 (212) 963-5935; e-mail e@un@un.org.
A preparatory mission of the IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive Director of the Commission, the Executive Director of the Commission, he visited in Baghdad from 18 and 19 November 2002, to meet their counterparts in the field of the United Nations and the Executive Director of the Committee.
The United Nations website on Sport and the environment is www.org/c/index/index.
The main experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent recent report of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi shows that there is no opportunity to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to facilitate the gap between assistance, reconstruction and development.
There is a result of the fact that it has been developed in Doha, the major countries between trade among trade was refused to be able to be placed on development issues.
Switzerland has a priority priority to the preservation of international humanitarian arms, in all circumstances.
“The internal and external conditions, the increase in the number of conflict, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli Israeli Israeli forces led to a gradual deterioration of economic and poverty indicators and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled that the responsibility, and collective collective, the parties to the Convention on its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the consent of the Advisory Committee, which shall be necessary to cover the payment of the payment of medical treatment for the period at the biennium period, which would be made that the Secretary-General will be made by the Secretary-General in the biennium of the biennium period in order to cover the requirements under the biennium;
The various international instruments of human rights is not sufficient to prevent violations, it is also necessary to prevent the problems of social and human rights that they encourage, such as the occupation of the people and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those countries.
The Acting President: Before the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be under the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be held in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti, the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti, the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti, the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia, and the United Nations Mission in Cambodia;
In the coming time, it is crucial that all of all people continues to continue in the coming years.
Mr. Shk (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The question of the control is increasingly important to the regional level at the regional level, and a effective mechanism to ensure security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy the deployment of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to the Treaty, they have already received the Treaty, and in addition to a opportunity to join nuclear weapons.
In its conclusions adopted on the Economic and Social Council, the Economic and Social Council noted the principles of the Advisory Committee on those principles.
In the amount of $00,000, approximately $20,000 are provided for the appeal of the United Nations.
C. Financial requirements for reimbursement costs
Chief of the Chief and the Institute of the United Nations Institute
Recalling resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial review of substantive activities of the United Nations system and resolution 2002 2002 of 25 July 2002,
However, the lack of the funds is or illegal or only only the principle of the information and its purpose.
The report of Mr to the United Nations, which said that no resolution adopted to meet the needs of any future options.
Economic and Development
“The fight — in the view of a attack or to engage or any other act that the people of the person is a result of the right to the right to the right of the right to the right of the right to the right to the right to the public public system, as well as a result of the rights of the public authorities or by international organizations, or a obligation to commit such acts in the same manner”.
Women remains expected to be reflected in the three posts.
Draft decision II
We encourage States that have not yet done to make their statement to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
The participation of the Special Committee's participation, in their commitment to their commitment and their leadership, which would be made in a great contribution of the work of the Special Committee.
It is the case of all treaties, the end of the negotiations will be the first time of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit for Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A and chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of the agenda.
Washington, 11 April 1994.
The draft resolution entitled “Report of Action: partnerships to meet the needs of developing countries in developing countries and to create a global framework for cooperation with transport in transit and transit, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now present the draft resolution contained in document A/55/L.52.
He welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a support support for peace for the establishment of the African African Development Commission and the achievement of peace-building initiatives.
The right to the truth's issue is essential to prevent the same circumstances.
My Government is committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more important to reflect the realities of the demographic realities and and the credibility.
Services services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information on the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2003
We have been able to understand that the success or not in any area, if it cannot be the privilege or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform the Department of the Department had already taken provisions to address issues, such as the presentation of all United Nations centres for a annual annual report, the activities that it is available for a message.
In order to monitor and implement additional changes, we have already been given to some work, we have been expected for the biennium's resources.
UNCTAD has been held on some aspects of negotiations and should contribute to their work at the work of the analysis, training training and technical cooperation.
These countries have been used in a national value.
The LDCs on commodity-based countries were still difficult to be difficult, since the prices of exports had increased significantly value.
Developing development strategies have been reduced to support poverty reduction and many donors in trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and troop-contributing countries to accession the EU (spoke in French, Hungary, Hungary, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland and Turkey, which said that the coherence was important and, in order to the participation of the Council of representatives of other institutions and institutions.
The United Nations Development Fund (Habitat) has assisted the Working Group on partnerships and to facilitate.
In order to strengthen its work of action and facilitate contact with national policies, the Special Group has established a database database on the web site, which will be a database on the basis of decision makers and officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to provide, in the provision of resources, financial and administrative resources to the functioning of the secretariat on the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations Programme for Drug Control for its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a member representative of the Transitional Transitional Council to the Transitional Authority in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, the principle of women is published, which are published, in respect to those areas, the rule of civil rights, the right to food, the right of the right to the right of the right to the right to land, health and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ghana, S.E. Mr. Nanaana (d/C.
Welcoming the establishment of the World Decade against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues on the possibility of the United Nations as the authority of the authority established by the draft protocol;
Requests the forces of the ECOWAS and the Security Council, in accordance with Security Council resolution 526, (2001) continue to continue closely in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Committee on Monitoring and continue to continue thereon to all aspects of their mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, in document S/2003/5.
The Security Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist African countries to strengthen their capacity.
Resolution 55/25, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the services of the General Assembly, as a note of the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/9 B, in cases of a report to conference.
The Act on Trade unions (International Trade), Crime Act) provides the elimination of the measures to be determined and where those measures have already been made, as well as to provide them.
These services include the activities and implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or the Bahamas, including the financial services, including the United Nations system, including the provision of public services and offices in the law of the Act, the provision of public services and offices in the law of the law of the Trade-General Act) as well as the provision of services and offices in accordance with the law of the Interior in the case of a simple list of the Act (the Act).
In addition, the administrative and legislative arrangements should include some persons in a list of national exclusion.
The participation of this workshop has been made.
For example, the Panel provided the rules of the rules of national agencies in the area of the country agencies.
In 5 June, the control of the United Nations and the United Nations system were not made in the rules.
The return of information has also been aware of the United Nations training planning planning.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to seek their officials to use the same list of information to streamline and facilitate the reports of reports in the period.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, paras.
The staff could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letter dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from States from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006746, S/200650, S/20065 and S.17)
The information notes that organizations should be able to be made, including the following estimates for the five years of the five years of the five years, and the other identity of other staff.
Also also that the Organization is committed to a fair basis, on a basis of a geographical basis, as well as to be a basis to be a basis to address a more basis;
Mr. Sugy (United States of America): First, I thank the Secretary-General for his briefing on the status of the political process and the activities of the Office of the United Nations Office in Bougainville.
In 1998, in a phase phase, since 1998, in a phase phase and reconstruction”, it was difficult to address a situation in the development process.
These funds have helped funding projects, training and health programmes, as well as programmes in the legal and legislative areas.
With regard to the contract of payment, it shall be informed to inform the United Nations system's system in the field of the United Nations system in the field of security and recovery.
• The Committee for fair and early prisoners of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Russian Federation met many difficulties in the lack of clear changes on human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise for the project.
With regard to the United Nations system system, a active participation of specialized agencies and the United Nations system in the operation of the system is established by Member States.
In the light of armed conflicts and civilians in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained the past recent years of African countries.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to ensure the necessary necessary, in the former Arab languages, the present resolution, including a note of information, as well as a dissemination of the text in the country, through the staff of Human rights for Somalia in Nairobi;
Electronic warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes to work, particularly in particular drug trafficking, in order to reduce the risk of diseases, in order to reduce the risk of diseases, as well as HIV/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Documentation
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner to ensure that Member States continue to be provided in a appropriate manner.
The representative of the phrase “in support efforts” in paragraph 7 (e), (e), has been rejected that the Second Committee had not yet been done on consensus.
Some members suggested that the publication should be made more than.
The consultations by the Council with the country of the New Partnership and Thailand had been made.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The case of the damage may be able to be, particularly in the country where they are the authorities responsible responsible and/or the courts of the courts who have been subjected to the investigation and who take a number of the findings.
In the context of the draft Law Act No. 105 (a) was a result of the fact that there is a result of no other legal or legal property, which is proposed in a view to the scope of the implementation of the United Nations system, in the light of the light of the application of the United Nations system, in the light of the light of the application of the application of the United Nations system, in the light of the light of the application of the application of the United Nations system.
It is important to the Commission on the Commission.
It should also be made that the importance of the participation of civil society, as well as a strategic-term strategic framework.
In order to improve the conditions in which women's responsibilities, and in accordance with article 22, paragraph 22, of the Ministry of Labour, mothers mothers for three children, or the number of children and more than the women who are no additional leave for a average of days.
The relationship between the human rights and family law is not entitled: maternity and maternity is the possibility of the enjoyment of human rights.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family, and the work was the most way in that regard to the development of legislation.
The activities of investment and technology technology is mainly mainly to promote partnerships and links (such as the transfer of technology technology, the use of trade system and other forms of strategic agreements between foreign firms and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services to improve the efficiency of energy services in order to improve the efficiency of the services for the PP and P-3P and the preparation and implementation of technical cooperation projects to submit funding for the Kyoto Protocol.
It is also ready to provide the Committee on the Special Committee.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It will review the results in the areas of development and the organization, in particular in particular the links between the results, knowledge of knowledge and partnerships.
In addition to the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and will convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,36
Demands that the parties in hostilities after the occupied territory of the Territory and to fulfil their obligations under the Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Ceasefire Agreement, including that it is ready to work on training on the United Nations Joint Force established by the agreement;
Invites donor countries and countries to consider that in their programmes and projects for the armed forces of the armed forces, police personnel, police personnel, police personnel, police personnel and medical personnel, including gender protection;
The Working Group has taken a exchange of the views on the report of the Working Group on 2002 (A/57/578), paras. 488 and on the thematic discussion, prepared by the Secretariat on the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/527, sect.
Human resources
• To provide the comprehensive management of the Office and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor, under accordance with the relevant legal infrastructure of the Court and the Rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the United Nations Human Resources Section is to provide the Court of the Court to attract and recruit people who are to be able to be trained and to ensure the cost of the staff, in order to ensure their staff and their rights in order to ensure all members of staff are protected, psychological and psychological care.
• All equipment and other cases are subject to a appointment of the Court to the Court.
• Development of new new projects
Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three categories of the French Chamber, English, Spanish and Russian and Russian-speaking language.
Each State Party shall also consider legislative and administrative measures, with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the principles of the Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national law, in order to increase the transparency of the financing of the Special Committee, and in order to ensure the financing of the political parties.
(a) The information of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on the establishment of procurement and information on the procurement of procurement, sufficient time to be submitted to the payment of a potential basis to prepare;
(b) States Parties may apply to the absence of contracts to provide assistance in the present article.
(c) Take the special needs of Africa: peacebuilding, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries, as well as other parts of the same category, is reflected in the following table below, which is shown that the country's efforts, with various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While the adoption of these initiatives such as “b), weapons”, the Group of 77 had been pleased to discuss their partners to encourage such policies in the country of Africa, the international community should provide support to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, the international community should provide support to the goal of a decrease of poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the strategy of information and communication:
For the time, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation of a better and to ensure that our President.
(e) To ensure the maintenance of cooperation and support in the Tribunal of the United Nations, including Governments and non-State organizations;
It should be provided to the time of the time to be given in the same five days, the number of accused accused.
The practice of trials is to be able to hold three cases during the period, in example of the text of a five weeks of five weeks, a five five weeks of five weeks, including a five weeks of five weeks, and the Committee of the Defence Chamber in the trial.
The Council members of the United Nations Executives Executives Executives Executives Board (UN) welcomed the study, including that it is a comprehensive document document and to ensure the process of the process of the United Nations system activities.
In accordance with this resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur had submitted a number of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports to the General Assembly, which should be submitted to the Committee or the General Assembly.
He would also like, in mind that the need for freedom of the press, draw the attention of the Government of Brazil on the need to combat religious hatred, which is a view to discrimination against racial hatred, which is a view to discrimination against discrimination or violence, which must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with the Security Rights Commission on 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights held a seminar on the Commission on Human Rights and human rights on 25 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the past decade, the institutions, initiatives, initiatives and international organizations have been made in the context of the inclusion that the protection of the rights of minorities was a integral part of our democratic activities.
As noted with the international system for its peace and security, it is necessary to ensure that the new Council of the reform of the reform could be able to protect sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is the highest importance.
We need to strengthen global institutions and build partnerships in the framework of a world and open will also be strengthened to support the development of developing countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate the implementation of HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Mr. Wangje (India)
(d) Encourages, where the parties concerned to the adoption of a cross-based approach to the sustainable development of energy, as well as the exchange of information;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to strengthen its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, in order to implement the effective implementation of 21 13 of 21 21 and paragraph 42 of the Implementation of Implementation;
(i) To monitor the functioning of the United Nations system for the establishment of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and effectiveness, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications provided the programme of the work.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)
As the United Nations Statistics Commission requested its thirty-fourth session of the Secretary-General to transmit the report of the London Group on the Financial Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its work;
Thirdly, the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In the light of the information of the United Nations web site, the United Nations web site has been made the number of the press.
At 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after a proposal of the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on paragraphs (a),, and the agenda of the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
It is a result of the most most than the most most than the most most than the most most than the use of the oil-HCH.
In 1990, Poland has established its public service.
(h) Cooperation with NGOs and organizations of civil society to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A citizen of a citizen cannot say its citizenship.
In accordance with article 20, the liberty of liberty or a threat to freedom is only only the principles and modalities of the law.
The question of the bazzz and Marzani continues to be a source of tension and undermine Israel and Lebanon.
Even if in the area, they will continue to be on the table table table (see table table).
Detailed information on the activities of resources to be provided in document FCCC/SBI/20037,Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made in the number of the rate rate between the United States dollar dollar in which the United Nations system is being reported, and the United States dollar.
Approves the programme of the programme budget, which is submitted in table table below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: Security settlement of disputes established by the General Assembly of the United States of American States in 2000 as a major mechanism, to facilitate the prevention and settlement of Israeli disputes and the borders of the United States Fund, in Mexico with 6 to 8 May 2002, which was a important role of the Fund of the Non-Agency Fund on the International Trade Agreement, and calls upon States and other entities to make the use of contributions to the funds;
Also note of the regional regional economic and the Pacific of the Pacific Pacific Forum at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Pacific Forum, held at the thirty-third meeting of 15 to 17 August 2002,
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/61/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted that the financial resources of donors has been increased, and took note of the initiative taken by the United Nations system to improve the coherence of technical cooperation activities.
Some of the Government's Government, the rebel attacks have been abducted or committed with their people have been sent to the death.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to ensure the international law,
Mr. P.org. P.org's proposal for the review of the issue of the item on two years, it is understood that the vote of the motion does not be a position for a position and on the two draft resolutions, which is not contrary to the need to the need for consensus on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Promotion of women and public opinion to the importance of space applications as a means to promote economic and social development;
The Asian Group has been established in December December to contribute to the economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property in table 11 to the financial statements are the right of the organization to 31 December 2002, it is the encumbered asset.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office noted that “the “special”” did not be subjected to the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of the time, without that it had been submitted by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to submit special rapporteurs and the United Nations High Commissioner to the Secretary-General;
Despite the situation of indigenous peoples in the political events in the past years of the World Republic of Indigenous peoples to the World Bank will continue to meet the implementation and respect of these policies, which are often interpreted as a result.
Reports approved 17-3 S.org.
At all countries of the world sector, but almost 80 per cent of the global production is the fact of 16 countries, including the majority of the country.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council clearly clearly clearly be considered that the author's allegations should not be considered as acceptable to the request of extradition of terrorists.
The outcome of the technical meetings and seminars on the request of the Assembly will be submitted to the Committee.
Item item of the agenda:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To take comments on the future work of the Partnership and on the programme of the next year.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI.4/L.1 to the Conference of the Parties for its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends to the establishment of this;
The United Nations Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office in Geneva, in accordance with the implementation of the General Group of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office for the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office for the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office for the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office to the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office to the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office to the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office in Geneva;
It is the right to be used in which that the definition of the definition and is also important for most of the world.
In line with a view to a view to a view to the purpose of the environment, a example of the environment for the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision that it is taken.
For the human rights of intellectual property, it could be applied in paragraph 2 and article 64 of the Agreement on the Rights of intellectual property” in trade (No.
Several recommendations submitted to the following meeting:
The number of the costs of the United Nations Staff Service is under the period of 1 January 2003, on the preparation of the balance rate for the staff of 1 January 2002, to the new cost of staff staff, as well as in a increase of staff staff, as well as in a increase of the provision of the amount of the payment of the Mission of the Mission.
(a) A new preambular paragraph:
Information methods used to identify major sources of the main sources of the information information on the basis of information in table 91 to 99 of the Guide on good practices of the guidelines.
The Parties referred to in Annex I should take all cases in the amount of the estimates and are available to the data.
Italy is a country of the country of the population.
Thus, the topic relating to the obligations of the State party and that it is aware of the existence and conciliation of the legitimate interests of the legitimate interests;
It was also aware of the need to be made to a legal policy.
Another question of the international law is to the rule of the National Council, which is a more part of the United States.
I
We support the efforts to monitor the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as we will be able to meet them.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990 1990, which are important steps to accelerate the General Assembly and that the draft resolution will be adopted.
The conditions of the needs of the same needs are not available.
These actions have been carried out on the purpose of the right to accept amendments or amendments to the use of the indigenous peoples in international law.
Emphasizes that the importance of all countries in developing countries, especially the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, which should take a party to the World Trade Organization, in which with the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/15 and the resolutions;
Contents
For the members of their mandate, the amount of the annual annual period is the amount of the annual amount:
Commission for Social Development
Four claims who have been noted that they could be used to four claims “E4” claims claims and more more than the complainant's claim.
UNSEQ number:
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that it would help direct direct investment, which are contributing to support development development, including the sector sector sector.
Globalization's development is also made by the use of the external debt of developing countries, strengthening capacity-building and increasing resources, as well as the participation of those countries in the international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a transport of the border has been opened between the border, in Kosovo and Stzzy in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to be only resident.
The movement of minorities also have been affected by the Government of the Government of the Lebanese Republic of the Republic of Serbia to sign a agreement on the use of Serbia in Kosovo of Kosovo and their request to prevent Kosovo Serbs in UNMIK.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/7/7
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and the relevant bodies of the United Nations of their support and assistance.
My country welcomes the adoption of the International Criminal Code on the Proliferation of Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that it is a first step in the establishment of a legal standard in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of letters and figures.
Africa
It will also be able to be able to be able to be available to the basis of the United Nations web site and the United Nations Forum on the follow-up to regional and summits, which will be held in June 2003 to the occasion of the fourth regional meeting of the United Nations.
The prices of oil prices have been used by a “in”” in the month of 2002 and approximately 31 million in 2003.
It will be a result of a minimum number of the year by the United Nations system to be able to be able to meet the basis set out for the current budget requirements, which would be able to be implemented in the period's mandate, which would have the consequences for economic growth.
A.un. al., al., op.
In article 5 of the Act on Internal Oversight Act, the authority of the Government of China is a constitutional constitution of the Government of China and no part of the Government cannot be transferred to the self-General of the District.
For example, a important financial assistance is at example of the costs of the associations of ethnic minorities, indigenous activities and information, as well as various types of the various projects.
The International Civil Council's Security Council Act provides the right to use of collective action in particular the right to strike, in particular the right to the right to the national regulations and agreements.
In addition, the person concerned to work on 20 days during each quarter.
The large proportion of the population in the population is mainly responsible for the high rate of maternal mortality and the impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played a important role in promoting and strengthen the protection of children, as well as the following:
These organizations have played a role in the development and implementation of programme.
• Cooperation of European Union: the Agreement on South-European Union signed in 2000 (e), 2000, in 2000, a key elements of the Special Representative during the General Assembly of January 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where that in the world, has always been a symbol and guarantee human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has led to a expert, especially in non-governmental organizations.
Items items 14 to 141, 14 and 150
It was continued its efforts to raise greater awareness of women in all activities and related mechanisms of human rights that it is also encouraged by the adoption of 2002, a strategy on gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights are composed of the Main Committee.
Recommendations on reimbursement of reimbursement
In accordance with the provisions of the Non-governmental organizations in accordance with non-governmental organizations with the Council, it was approved in its resolution 1996 2001, on the Council, which had been approved in its resolution 1996 2001, with the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.28, the UNITAR has been prepared in 2002 A series of activities in the framework of a comprehensive basis, and to follow-term activities and projects to monitor its activities, to improve the goals and to make more effective.
Women for women were appointed in each ministries and the Ministry of Women's Ministry of Women and the Ministry of Women's work to implement gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 579 of 11 December 2002.
SMEs had been a key element of the economy, and often the major community of developing countries have been made in small countries.
In the area of statistics, it should be encouraged to collect data, as well as the work of work and impact on development liberalization.
The assistance is particularly important to the African countries in negotiations with the European Union to conclude the regional partnership.
E/L.10/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical communications
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take necessary measures and to strengthen the laws and institutional capacity.
Action taken

The certificate of citizenship is not a document document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to continue actively in the conclusion of a agreement on a common approach, particularly on a common basis of a international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution are entitled to the subprogramme 3 (a) and the international law of international law for the period period, and (b) of the General Assembly, and (b), General Assembly and services) for the biennium budget for the biennium biennium.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of climate change is intended to prevent the fact that it was a fundamental life for the return of a life of the search or other experience.
There is no discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will be made to all other other.
The development of transport infrastructure and technology technology and communication and communication, including the elimination of the “indigenous””, would allow the transport transport and would enable countries to provide services for transit transport services.
Mr. Maryo (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for his month for the report of 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/584)
Prevention of Action for the United Nations system for the fight against Abuse against Abuse (No.
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action on Persons with Persons (A/C.3/63/L.2/Rev.1, para.
Expresses deep concern about the situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of the population and support to displaced persons, which urges the international community in the context of the United Nations system, to contribute to the United Nations system, to contribute generously with the United Nations system, to contribute to the spread of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 60/264 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must provide the benefits of all.
While, in February 2003, two units of the primary health-based management of the World Health system (P/20072)) was provided by the Secretariat of the Technical Technical Technical Secretariat; the construction of the General Technical Service (P/20079) as a result of the United Nations system, the construction of a United Nations system in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a general management of General-General and transparency in the course of office missions.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America proposed a amendment to the draft resolution under paragraph 6 (g) of the following text:
It is clear that, in the context of globalization, the measures taken by a Government can often be used by a direct and negative impact on the right to food's population (g.g. in the context of trade trade).
In accordance with rule 507, the members of the groups covered in article 4 to cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify or make their personal authorities.
At the long-term level, a legal framework for the security can be a tool to accelerate economic growth.
Action of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 on Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in its view to independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a wish to work with you and you for the realization of human rights.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first part of the cooperation for the Programme of the United Nations Development Programme for the period period, which should include other assistance to the establishment of a national development plan, which will be held on health, the population, education, tourism and economic development;
In the Ministry of the Ministry, the State party has been responsible for the advancement of women and participation of women in development, taking the willingness of the Government of the Government to take special attention to women: the Congo, all the United Nations Office involved in the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like the group of the President of Ms.m. and other countries on the initiatives taken in the area of access to access to access to markets, which would be able to create a direct direct market and encourage investment in the country.
However, it is expected that the Organization's year in a number of increased contributions that is currently in cent of the regular budget, which would be used to be expected to be expected.
B B
Peacekeeping.
We have been expected to food, in addition to water and medical supplies.
natural disasters, particularly in the world, we also contribute to the spread and help resources in the subregion of Asia.
In the context of its work, women are the main risk of the risk of human resources and it is therefore to be based on the sustainability of forests.
National and regional markets, including cooperation between developing countries should not be tolerated.
The Government of the Government established a working group on the implementation of measures and follow-up to terrorism.
At the end of the year, five countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
The financing of terrorism (art.
She said that his delegation had been made by the perpetrators of a technical communication.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of society;
Subject to the specific priorities and resources, the Government of Korea is intended to achieve this process in the past months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basis for establishing a balance between the interests of the debtor and those creditors is the concept of the concept of the “national service”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term plan and the programme budget will be before a comprehensive study on technical cooperation.
The problem of unemployment was crucial, and the difficulties caused by African countries should be considered in a view to a view to a view to the economic and social manner.
The Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to alleviate the progress of HIV/AIDS in Europe and in Central Asia to achieve the goals of the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is at all parents, who are the need to make the right to all children, the responsibility of the right to all children in a healthy environment, with their view to the presence of the justice, the right of the right to strengthen the families of the communities of the communities of the communities of the communities, the communities of the peoples and nations in the world;
Most countries in the Middle East, in the West Summit, in Asia, South-East Asia and regions.
27 October 2003,
However, in cases where sanctions sanctions must be made in a period period, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, rules of human rights mechanisms may be effective.
The Government continues to improve the capacity of the Mission of Timor Timor in the two areas, in addition to its capacity to address civilians.
In addition, the Government is able to strengthen the capacity of the National Police to threats the threats of armed and armed groups in the area of coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to inform the work of the new new team and to provide the Office of Outer Space Affairs for the United Nations Office.
The law of the Criminal Civil Code in a certain extent to the extent of this Convention, which should be considered.
Indeed, in urban areas, illiteracy has female women with extreme poverty and work, with the dependence and insecurity.
Table 12 12
A number of developing countries have taken measures to encourage foreign investment in developing countries.
The Panel consists of seven persons.
The members of the Committee had reviewed the question without a agreement on the causes of the problem.
They have the number of military activities of the United States in its territory, where they have not been able to have their own history, they are expressed that the vulnerability and the protection and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Institute, National Institute, Ministry of Economics, October October 2001, at www.un.gov.gov.
Implementation of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Al. Al. Al Representative Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation of the situation in line with income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised review plan would also provide good progress for the financial budget and the budget budget.
General
The table table notes that the changes is proposed to provide the number of posts under the United Nations programme budget for each main elements of the project.
The table table provides that the number of the number of each posts for the biennium and for the biennium.
Table 7
The progress made by the country countries on peace, freedom of democracy and economic development since the fact, in September 2002, of my report (A/55/70 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth session to be held (Peru) on 19 and 24 May, the Group adopted the Commission's decision, the programme of the Commission's Programme and social relations, as well as the promotion of a international international trading system.
The success of the region in the region will continue with the assistance of the international community.
Groups and mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August, 3 and 27 September, 3 and 27 September, 3 and 27 September, 3 and 24 May, 3 and 24 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 May, 3 and 31 July, 3 and 30 July 2003;
It was also expressed with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly in regard to ways to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of equipment and research could be considered between the objectives of non-proliferation and trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information is based on the recent study of the United Nations Secretariat Executives Executives Board (UN) on the preparation of the United Nations system.
On the other development of sustainable development, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations the Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 is not used or in the sources of energy sources.
Non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the world can be able to be in place with the transparency and confidence-building.
In this regard, the experience of bilateral exchanges is a very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very.
At the end of those persons, I shall take this opportunity to speak on the message of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the condolences of the brotherly people to their families.
We can be able to say when the attacks are more than, because they can lead the nation's nation.
The Government has identified some thousands of persons to organizations such as the nature of their actions.
I wish to thank our success.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational operational organs and shall be appointed by the Council.
This is that their commitment and their dedication to the Secretariat has been possible, with the assistance of the Secretariat, to carry out political tasks and difficult their.
Review of the General Protocol
Statistical statistics No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth session, held in November 2002 and at April 2001, the Committee considered its reports of States parties to the implementation of article 19 of the Convention.
I would like to say the names of the two countries of the Asian States to submit a candidate.
The situation in economic and political spheres of the present and future of our State.
It was the interest of developed countries and developing countries to develop a multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to apply, especially in economic, social and administrative areas, and questions relating to the preservation of national autonomy were the most importance of the African countries.
FDI could play a key role in economic growth and development.
States
For the same hand, the delegation supported all delegations of the Special Rapporteur.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted in particular that the development of the State and non-related controls was a significant role in the economy of many developing countries.
International Committee for the forty-Commission, THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS, THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS
The joint programme would allow Member States to take a comprehensive basis for the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the proposals made by the Secretary-General on Science and Technology in the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 77 for Science and Technology in Africa (No.
It should be noted in the discussion of the high-level segment of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation to the development of the Monterrey Consensus.
In the area of a network, the number of new speakers have been used, and that other facilities are not follow-up.
They took note of the convening of 16 September 2002 at Geneva of the United States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported the measures of international, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had taken to reduce military military expenditures, and to strengthen peace and international peace.
Training training and the creation of employment should be able to contribute to young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children for Children
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food is a introductory statement.
While the region in the Middle East is a area in the context of the various problems of the various problems of mass destruction and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is important to achieve the realization of this goal, in order to achieve peace in the region.
It should also be noted that the issue of the composition of the Bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the work of the Bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The Office of New York will be held by a briefing on its new cooperation of technical cooperation, Friday, 17 October 2003 from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/9 Letter dated 7 October 2003, from the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) established by Security States resolution 1267 (1999) and 1 and 2 (a) of Security States resolution 1390 (2002) of the Secretary-owned States and entities, including the funds of the assets of persons to persons or entities, including the funds of the assets of persons to the territory of persons or entities, including the funds of persons to their territory may be able to provide such funds or entities in their territory.
In addition to the national services of law enforcement enforcement authorities have contributed to the activities of a training of training, and in all areas of international exploitation.
Network for the Control and Punishment of the International Criminal Law (D” Act)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is established under article 7 of the Law on Civil Affairs, to be responsible on the objectives of funding and expenditure activities.
The members of the mission emphasized that they had not been made to be a independent body, or for the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated all the parties that they would be responsible in Liberia, including the end of children, including the end of children, including the end of children, including the end of children, including the end of children, including the end of recruitment of soldiers, including the end of recruitment of soldiers and, and on the investigation of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term plan and Budget budget for its fortieth session (13 January 2008).
The responsibility of the responsibility was not applied to a general manner and the provisions of the various conventions on responsibility and relations between them.
The Advisory Committee of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following items in its meetings: draft criteria and guidelines for the Intergovernmental Intergovernmental Commission on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea in the field of Science and Research, and the transfer of technology technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/94.
As in this conference and the adoption of the Programme of Action, the special needs of developing countries are now to the heart of the international community.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for Sustainable Development will be able to be considered in consideration, and that the General Assembly will submit the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the Programme of Action.
After a armed war, Burundi cannot be able to be able to carry out the work of the status of the administrative and external status to combat poverty.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to submit the Secretary-General, at time for the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on the need to strengthen and enhance the participation of the United Nations system system, including modifications to their content and its structure;
The challenge to decide at the same time, the debtor should be subject to a procedural proceedings, which would be a result of a result of the law on the insolvency law and to replace the procedures established by a clause”.
Many people are able to send their children, especially girls, in the school.
We is a priority to our cooperation with the United Nations and other cooperation to encourage the disease, as the solution to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session, in 2003, the Committee had before it the reports of the Working Group (General) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/537) and A/CN.9/537) and A/CN.9/537) and A/CN.9/536).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned by the Government of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the adoption of the Committee continues to be able to bring the conclusion of bilateral agreements with States to implement States in article 6 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 February to the authorities of the countries: Saudi Arabia, Belarus, Egypt, Czech Arab Jamahiriya, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
In addition, the judge shall be prepared to the interests of financial personnel and equipment and will be made for all efforts to be informed on the financial interests of their families.
Member States have made some difficulties in the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Universal Principles of the Use of Corruption.
(c) Strengthening the United Nations system and advisory advisory mechanisms to strengthen the capacity of the development and information, and encourage international cooperation in the support of research;
At the 3th meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as observers of Egypt and Croatia.
The strategic strategic plan was discussed to the fourth session of the FCC (C Committee) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its introductory statement, Mr. Hakak-up to the next phase of the process that would be completed in 2006 to the organization of a international conference on the management of chemicals.
Action
I would like to say its work, in the Council on the United Nations, has been a good experience.
We appreciate the determination and belief that we will continue the positions of your country in the circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Report
A draft technical cooperation for the United Nations Trade site (United Nations is in place and should be completed in 2003.
The use of self-term procedures with the external debt requirements and to be found in the claims of the assets.
It is a small countries with a small population, but the total million of people are threatened.
I have not always yet to consider that it is difficult to accept this.
Article.12 The Secretary-General shall submit additional proposals for the budget budget.
Article 4 should be established by the Fund for Peacekeeping Operations as a increase for the United Nations peacekeeping operations in the post-up process of peacekeeping operations and the maintenance of existing operations, and to support the costs of the financial and special operations.
These agreements include the United Nations to provide payment of costs.
Payment
(e) Recognizes that it is essential in the interest of the Organization to provide the property or to provide a single of a independent inter-governmental organization, with a public organization or other organization.
Article 6 (A Secretary-General may, after a investigation, if the amount of the amount of USD losses, and other assets, as well as it shall be submitted to the Committee of Auditors, as well as the accounts of all statements are received.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/Add.1)
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
There is no own nature, which must be taken by confidence-building measures, which must be defined and agreed on the basis of the country, which is considered in the context of the States.
When developing countries are not more vulnerable.
In Kisangani, he met with the families of the victims of martyrs in May 2002 and victims of sexual violations, which also have been arrested in the prison.
The cost of the post-building will be provided to $999.
Special representatives and special representatives, experts and the chairpersons of the working groups of the Commission on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the bodies established by human rights organizations, and the chairpersons of the United Nations bodies, which are particularly in the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, which are particularly in the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, which have been against the consequences of the consequences of globalization.
Why is it?
The first proposal is a general general approach to the source of these two.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of those States are required and to ensure justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 146, which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the commitments and States of the region to implement the arms embargo in Somalia.
Thus, the League of Arab States has played the role that it had been made in accordance with the deterioration of political and security situation in the region, which is the Palestine and international security.
It was also encouraged to ensure that the Secretariat, when they return to Iraq, will continue to be able to be taken in the Security Council resolution 1402 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.27 and A/C.5/59/L.6
Urges the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all programmes and policies, including a follow-up of the United Council resolutions, in accordance with the recommendations adopted by the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the General and Social Council, as well as the implementation of the implementation;
It is true that a number of countries covered by the Heavily Indebted Poor Development Initiative.
Chairman: Mr. K Kíčč (Czech Republic)
The Department's functions, Mr.un.org may be a political debate.
Strengthening of the United Nations in the field of international cooperation in the promotion of international cooperation and the promotion of disarmament, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that the efforts of the efforts and implementation of the reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has been made by its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement on the Democratic Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee considered the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of the General Conference, the following documents shall be issued in a seven period of the receipt of the Committee and the closure of the session.
Welcoming the deployment of the Committee and its two sessions, he said that his delegation welcomed the work of the work, education and disaster disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: Substantive servicing of meetings of the Division for Economic Affairs and the Law of the Sea of Legal Affairs
Recalling the outcome of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the realization of effective effective and effective goals of the Convention and the implementation of the United Nations Development Programme and the implementation of the financial and technical resources for the development of biodiversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for developing countries,
This requirements should be used to take into account the requirements and resources of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/49);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4 of the words of the word “the term” have been made in the same and other cases by the word “the Secretary-General's Secretary-General, the Secretary-General's Secretary-General and the heads of the United Nations bodies to strengthen their efforts.
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted the draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.2/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the problems,
The General Assembly decides to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section II of the report.
The Organization for the Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Asian Asia in the light of small arms and light weapons in the light of a discussion was the ratification of ratification and implementation of the Convention.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions resolutions of 12 December 1999 and 55/13 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress on his initial period to support national remedies and it is necessary for the financing and stability of the payment of the application.
(ii) Human rights and indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.1
Model registration
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed because they have been killed and to send all Serbs Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija message to the message that they have not been able to be done and that there is no political dialogue in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we all all our.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and implementation of the Protection of Kosovo, the organization for the humanitarian situation.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must be a end to those violations of the Lebanese airspace and to prevent them in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the session of 2003 to the Committee, as contained below.
In this spirit of the Organization, there will continue to be a tolerance for all, racial discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee is agreed that the two level should continue to continue.
At its resumed session, the Committee had before it the reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that the fact was made to ensure that NGOs had not been able to ensure its status to the Council in its activities with a view to the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (on 25th) were held.
However, the areas of areas in the same level, the same benefits and benefits have been identified.
Angola had hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Development and gas in May 2003.
If the answer, please describe the measures taken.
The rights of the rights is also the right of the right to know these information, if it is used and they can be access.
The criteria contained in the Convention on the International Court of the European Court are the following: (ii) and (ii) in the area of international cooperation.
2 and 2 (b) of the European Agreement on the Safety of 13 December 1989, or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Foreign Affairs or are well as the United Nations networks of 26 October 1962.
(h) To establish the implementation of implementation;
For example, the population of rural women has increased in the North-East region and South-East Asia (under 13 per cent) with 50 per cent), including 13 per cent of 13 per cent), the North-East West Bank (L.4 per cent) with 13 per cent per cent) and the Centre (P.4 per cent) and the Centre (P.1 per cent) to 30 per cent.
Women and men were also equal rights in the right of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not known in 1993 and men were often limited to the protection of the protection and users.
The amount of the amount of the amount of health supplies, food supplies, clothing and other products for children, and to prevent the high school, a phenomenon has taken the extent of the past years in the past number of the financial resources of families.
The number of development activities in the areas of the country has not been without consequences.
Over 40 countries have benefited from the pilot programme of the United Nations Development Group for Development, funded by donors for donors and improve the services of a United Nations teams.
UNDP partnerships with the international financial institutions — especially the Bretton Woods institutions, are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on the strategy for poverty reduction.
A representative of a motion may not be held in his resolution, on the issue of the question.
(e) The implementation of the implementation of the Johannesburg Plan, the Commission will establish a focal role for the coordination of partnerships in promoting sustainable development, and hoped that partnerships, as well as partnerships, as well as partnerships, as well as partnerships, as well as partnerships, as well as partnerships, as well as the Implementation of Implementation 21 and the Implementation of Implementation.
United Nations
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a moratorium on the international trade activities in Liberia is a result of the experience and realities.
Report of the Commission on the International Civil Service
In addition, the model model in the extent that the same other of the current financial system is to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of staff and staff
In this regard, the amount of the distribution of mobility and employment is expected.
(e) Review on the Division of the United Nations and the Administration of the United States.
It was noted that each of the amount of the State's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Follow-up and assessment of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003 2003 of the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of the efforts of the international community to combat efforts to strengthen the prevention of the national level and through international cooperation.
While 50 leaders have been made at a new conference, before the end of year, the World Compact has become a global partnership in the past year of the World Compact, several trade unions and of non-governmental organizations, as well as institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions are reported by the various statements.
(D) The use of the services (D) and the provision (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against anti-personnel mines has been a climate perspective and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The Working Group is aware of the importance of the report.
Following the deliberations of the Committee, the members of the Committee, on the provisions of the methods of work of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session, the General Assembly approved in its resolution 58/56 of 10 December 1997 has been reached by the following resolution resolution 58/56 of 10 December 1997 in the Committee on its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The International Republic of Indigenous Rights, Mr. Kudo, the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights of the World Republic of Women, Mr. Kudan, the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic of Indigenous Persons, the World Republic of Indigenous Persons, the Ministry of Indigenous Rights and the International Republic
Most Governments are aware of the threat of the illicit manufacture of the illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and to provide measures to prevent the threat of a priority priority.
The success of a long-term development in the economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Division of Civil Operations has taken with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by the World Republic of Foreign Affairs of the Minister of Benin, a non-governmental organization in consultative status of the Economic and Social Council
Table table contains detailed information on the financial situation of the United Nations Office and the United Nations Office for 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lel B, J.
Resumed substantive session
Protocol on the Prohibition or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Stockpiling and other other, as amended to 3 May 1999 in accordance with the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Prohibition of Certain Weapons, which may be deleted on 3 May 1999 in accordance with the Convention on the Prohibition or Restrictions of Certain Conventional Weapons may be deleted.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they are set out to facilitate the follow-up and assessment of the results and the results of the results.
The Advisory Committee is not convinced that a three three additional posts for a independent support.
Office of Programme, Budget and Accounts
(a) To encourage cooperation with indigenous organizations, namely with their marginalization and enhance their capacity to take into account the relevant and international levels;
(b) In paragraph 2 of its resolution 586 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to the protection of protection, including the factors of the equipment and the case of military military forces, including the assets of the representatives of the media, the representatives of the media, the representatives of the representatives of the representatives of the media;
The Conference expressed his appreciation to the efforts made by the Centre for the World Research Centre on the history and culture of the Islamic Republic of Foreign communities of the European States.
The impact of the information on economic and economic development, and urged the African States to develop a programme programme for developing countries to facilitate the digital divide and to participate actively in the Millennium Summit Summit on Information and Coordination.
Action's form of violence against refugees, including armed attacks on refugees, and pressure on their countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic, in particular, in particular to strengthen solidarity between States members and to strengthen cooperation in the economic, social and scientific fields;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme programme, including the establishment of subsidiary bodies on nuclear disarmament, including the establishment of inter-weapon bodies on nuclear disarmament and international measures to protect non-nuclear-nuclear-compliance or international measures to protect non-nuclear-compliance or the threat of nuclear weapons.
To the Conference on Disarmament on disarmament, soon as possible to the work of the race of race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30 (S) on the security of Non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7 of the debt of African States and other States members of the States
Action's report on 14 September 2002 on 14 September 2002, organized a seminar on the private sector sector and the role of the workshop in accordance with the organizations of the United Nations organizations and also also thank the Republic of Turkey for his appreciation to the workshop.
DDD visits with the draft resolutions contained in the report of the meeting of the private sector.
In addition to the States members of the other technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of the identity, to provide training for training officials, in order to increase their skills.
Recalling that resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations Declaration on Action on terrorism;
With regard to the region of West Africa, I hope that the Council will continue attention to the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and our report, on the problems of the subregional areas and we are made in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations Security Council and the Economic and Social Council will be essential to avoid that a long-conflict solution is not taken.
These negotiations may be a number of a number of factors that they are more well as they are a increasing risk of systematic practices or corruption.
In the letter of the Secretary-General, the Panel entitled “on comments on specific provisions to facilitate the establishment of a commentary to the Commission.
It should therefore be enhanced, and implement the relevant resolutions of the United Nations that the withdrawal of the Israeli forces of all territories in the occupied territories and the right of the Palestinian people to a independent political commission.
Following the adoption of resolution 1718 (2003) of the Security Council, the Minister of Finance for Finance, in his note No. 12/3/29 of 3 April 2003, submitted the authorities of the names of the names and entities in the list of the list of the goods and entities in the same list of those persons, and to provide whether they are involved in the territory, and to provide the Department of Foreign Affairs.
Invites States to review and reform of the relevant provisions and practices in order to be into place at 18 years of marriage, or without the consent of parents, as well as the consent of parents, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur to provide the following available information available to all sources of information, including information and publications on the impact of terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following resolution:
In addition, the Committee has not no objection to that, as a proposal for the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 to be provided by a amount to $10,000 (see A/58/504, para.
Each system is essential to the environment and procedures of the organization.
The participants and beneficiaries will be the first part of their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee)
1st plenary meeting of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is a important instrument for social change, it would be a important instrument to provide new values and to modify its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights on the principle of the violation of discrimination and that all all human beings are free and equal dignity in the Declaration, without that everyone may be entitled to all human rights and all freedoms in the Declaration, without prejudice to all rights and fundamental freedoms in the Declaration, without the same and development of its person is possible.
However, the Timorese authorities continue to demonstrate that local personnel must fulfil its obligations under the national level of the national level and a number of women in UNMEE.
The Committee will encourage all assistance to strengthen efforts, in the framework of programmes for capacity-building, capacity-building to combat terrorism, to provide a priority priority to training and ensure that programmes were implemented in time.
12.13 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division for Investment, Development and Technology.
(vii) Human Nations Development Cooperation:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they have been allocated to 21855, including reports made by Member States on the third year.
Observations
(g) Immunity, or repatriation of persons to a country or where their lives is living, and the Israeli borders to prevent asylum-seekers in their territory;
It is a significant trend in the way to achieve the security of justice, which can play in the circumstances of the circumstances, which can be involved in the circumstances and to overcome the crises of long-term periods during peace, but that in which the legitimacy and sustainability of the peace process.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly accordingly.
The General Assembly should be the election of 11 judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have completed the present stage of its consideration of the agenda.
She regrets that it had not been adopted in some regions where the proliferation of missiles remains a urgent challenge.
In view of the preparation of new information centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, repatriation and reintegration of the work of the Section, proposed a net increase of posts.
With regard to the draft convention on international terrorism, the representative of Lebanon is a broad way.
As a result of previous reports, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the sixth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and had made its recommendations after the evidence of the claims and other elements of the alleged evidence, which is responsible that the loss of loss of the claimants who had been transferred to the loss of loss and damage from Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our report on the assistance of terrorism, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, civil Nations education and religious associations and the Palestinian Authority has been aware of hatred, hatred and provide a moral, human rights.
If we would like to be held in the first time, each will be the opportunity to address the Council.
Israel has a end to the occupation of our territory, it has continued to return the settlers, which has been committed to our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 1/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should evaluate the progress made by the Committee for a sustainable development, and to ensure appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties considered to integrate its decision on the guidelines of the Executive Board.
In Chile, Saudi and 1988, all elections had been suspended but the Government of the University of Foreign Affairs has been able to improve the provision of local services, which was a number of reforms, particularly in the field of the income.
In accordance with the General Assembly resolution 2002 of the Inter-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had been identified in 2003: “The indigenous peoples and globalization” in 2004: “The indigenous peoples and globalization” in 2004: “The “sibilities of indigenous peoples” in 2005: “The Promotion of indigenous peoples;
(b) Representatives and non-governmental organizations to be made;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming its commitment to peace, security and justice in the development of relations and cooperation between States,
The General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and Development and the reason that it was not mentioned in the document table.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex as a document of the Security Council.
Article 12.2.5.5fff/up to a act in terrorism, including the existence of the relationship between the three years of imprisonment imprisonment
In terms, the expenditure for children has increased a 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the situation of the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no question of the exception of the right to the right of peoples to self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is a result of the process of the Convention.
A contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Conference for the United Nations Development Fund for Development and November 2002 on 2003.
On 16 January 2003, the total number of voluntary contributions, which are available to the twenty-second session of the Council, it was estimated only to 5598 (see table II).
(d) To be entitled to the termination or termination of the contract of the State, if the opinion of the State of the Government of the Government of the Government, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State;
This session will be held at the Centre of the Centre of the Centre.
That this process is recognized and they shall be defined in the transition in transition and non-governmental organizations, as well as, as appropriate, which should strengthen the systems of knowledge of knowledge, as well as to ensure the quality of social, economic and political life.
In addition to the Committee's intention to visit UNHCR for the reasons of staff and training and I have been made to his request.
The Committee recommends that all groups of the age of the presidency.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the work of the Director of the Centre,
Representatives of indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read in the context of other articles relating to land and development.
Date of non-permanent seats
Amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Summary of statements
Paragraph Delete paragraph.
The representative of the representative or regional bodies should be submitted in writing to the President of the Security Council to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider the necessary way to be possible to ensure the implementation of a strategy in the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report on all programmes, policies and policies that will be developed to contribute to the implementation of the effective and effective implementation of the provisions of women between men and women, including in the field of women's representation of the Government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the security of all personnel in the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Environment Programme on the work of its twenty-second session (resolutions 639 (XXIX) and 5337 of the General Assembly;
National economic laws are to review, including the laws relating to investment and the registration of companies and a bill on the case.
It is encouraging that there is not a result of the recent recent events in the end of 2002 and the beginning of this year.
The Fourth Bank is the fact that the Government has been able to produce € million million, including $2 million million under the sea of Timor-Leste in the year year is shown that the State is more than more than its own resources.
It should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and contributions on the development of the draft project
(d) To encourage, the activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium period:
The provision of information received by the Special Rapporteur has been made in the past.
One of the first part of the city, in the purpose, it is, to create a climate of terror after a few event.
The international community should address the growing trend in the use of force;
We would also like to say that, in regard to the question of the question of the area of the area of the area of a area in the light and the process of the Kma, which had been destroyed by Iraq, which had been made by Iraq, and Mr. Eliasson, in Baghdad 8 and 9 February to the goal of the following issues of the Special Committee, as well as.
Efforts have been made in the area of the form of the document in the present form of the political process.
We look forward to the number of experts and procurement to follow-up to Iraq.
As we will be able to achieve peace, we can be able to find our opportunity to achieve our commitment and commitment.
I would like to like to express the confidence and support of France in his mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are governed by respect to respect and implementation of the Security Council and that it is a time when the fact of a new approach to the United Nations system's efforts, the Council will be grateful to its responsibilities on the international peace and security.
In this regard, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council at the Security Council is still the main main role to ensure the cooperation of Iraq with the Secretariat, and is also the primary responsibility for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) In accordance with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
(Thousands of financial transactions;
As noted, Egypt has signed or ratified the conventions of the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which is a view to his positive positive role in the fight against terrorism.
In addition, it is not impossible for confidence-building in the next day, we must remain to provide to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Legal Affairs
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the same time, the two meetings in Ethiopia have always a number of many and third, which would be soon as a.
In some cases, in example, in the area of water, the number of transnational companies can be a limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has taken a wide range of social and economic reforms to encourage the growth of employment and security, as well as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Elimination of Poverty and the fight against social and social development, as well as the effective implementation of the National resources for the Eradication of Poverty and the promotion of social development in the promotion of social progress.
The openingth meeting of the Committee on Relations with the host country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was established to the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in the time of the floor.
Convention on the Prevention and Protection of Crimes against the International Law, including diplomatic Affairs.
Accession: Belize (14 September 2003
Ratification: El Salvador September 20031)
For those persons to ensure their rights, the international community should be supported to support the draft convention and to ensure its effective implementation, taking into account the historical events and development.
Lithuania stated that the principles should be guided to all standards and international rules relating to persons, not only in the legal instruments, but they are those of the United Nations resolutions bodies.
The African Union stated that the African people should continue to eliminate economic and promote the principle of discrimination in disabilities.
In addition to the divisions of the Secretariat's offices, the amount of 13 per cent on the budgets of the programme are expected to be provided by the responsibility of the project.
In the provision of medicines, material materials and other equipment for equipment, especially those those who are to be provided to the maintenance of peacekeeping services, in the field of equipment and radio and other services and other services for children.
The political policy is a matter?
The Government of Namibia reiterates the provisions of resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with the obligations of its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and to implement the provisions of its adoption on international law.
[Original: English] [14 June 2005]
The employment has been achieved and the unemployment rate remained at a high level of 25 per cent.
[Original: English]
Access to sources of energy and the cost of fuel and food costs are a serious impact on urban transport, increased the cost of production and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
In addition, the applicant's transfer is a account in the bank and to transfer the amount of a total amount of US States from the United States.
Paragraph 1 of article 35 of the Penal Code:
In example, it was suggested that the Secretary-General would establish a multi-year group study on the establishment of the financing of debt mechanisms, the discussions will be made to the attention of the General Assembly.
