It is therefore a matter of concern when the laws that aim to combat terrorism provide to the United Nations system enforcement agencies and the intelligence services of the temporary authority and investigation of the judicial authorities.
Ms. Borziznacchi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considers its future programme of work and that it had envisaged to include missions.
First, it must increase the representative's representation, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All the Afghan armed factions — including the warlords and the Taliban — are benefiting from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and that it raises critical issues to address it.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure a wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among the State and the members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these comments.
If additional funds were available to the work programmes in Africa, the resources provided for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the High-Level Mission.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the web site, to strengthen the language capacities of the web site.
Structure
A new guide guide analysis in 2003.
Statistics (see the replies to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seemed to show that the impact had been reduced to women's access to unemployment.
In that connection, the need to focus on the needs of the least developed countries, as the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, thus, we have become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq remains our Governments.
There is a need for a priority commitment in Iraq.
In this connection, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective way to strengthen the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
There is also a need to have to be released.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, among other things, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment required to strengthen security in the ports of entry and training of staff, in particular in the area of detection of travel documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the financial monitoring standards of the country,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines on the implementation of the Sub-Commission on Rules of Procedure of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The level of education of girls in the Horn of Africa and Africa has enabled the causes of the problem, which has already been identified; the extent of the domestic tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent girls's education, and that is expected to add the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will be held at the time when we responded to the Secretary-General's appeal to discuss the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of acts to be done for future generations for future generations.
In the context of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year of services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
Opinion No.
The initial judgement was made for the applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates later reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that those persons have been arrested for conduct with Israeli forces to reverse the legal government.
Mr. Yawowi Agbbiboo, lawyer, former parliamentary elections, President of the Committee on the renewal of the Commission, a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a penalty of six months and imprisoned prison in Lomé, despite its appeal.
The Working Group, with the view of the Committee, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be in place to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories, in the appropriate procedures and to be necessary to carry out their respective processes of decolonization.
The settlement of this issue will be only possible to strengthen confidence-building.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples of the colonial domination in the same way, with a view to providing a more competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and the international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges of peace and international security.
Since then, the United Nations should not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also to extend and provide greater support to the Iraqi people.
UNDP is currently currently responsible to provide an adviser for HIV/AIDS to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its previous rules, the organization, on the proposal of its joint coordinator and consultation with the Executive Board, has taken an exclusion of Ms. Khanitaita, regardless of the status of the Council's rules, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and of compliance with the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, in terms of article 3, conduct its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If some of the members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the common right, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should be found for reasons for clarity and legal security, as included in insolvency law.
Following discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received a support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also part of many international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money-laundering related to illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs and related crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No.
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a school school system was that it had become the need to improve coherence and effectiveness of international public service.
(c) The question of whether is or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-existing rights;
In a case as in the other, the position of the contract of the market cannot be considered automatically.
However, the portfolio of the United Nations business activities includes high-value products that had little value in the world.
Financial regulations and rules of financial management of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1/L.2/Rev.2/CRP.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, counsel reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, including the staff of the secretariat.
Not not part of the documentation of the Panel, these three documents will be available to the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD web site, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 45
The three options not mutually exclusive.
However, when the Republic of Haiti is doing so.
This system has demonstrated its effectiveness in its part of the most visible, the electronic presentation of the documents in the author.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also takes into account the principle of reference to the Statute of the Rome Statute on the assumption that each body — the Court or the Council — is empowered to consider the first instance of criminal cases concerning the responsible or staff of a non-State State in the Rome Statute on acts or omissions in the course of a operation or authorized by the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General has followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is particularly concerned that the International Criminal Court, which of 90 States are now a reality, has become a reality, taking into account the election, the year, of its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the very immediate appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Declaration of the Seoreore has been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have to be taken to combat and deploy weapons.
The first part of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia has been identified Ali Mahdi.
According to the British customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in air fraud in Somalia through ships from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turmoil that took place in the first year to the power have completely undermined the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish a effective protection system to ensure that United Nations personnel and associated personnel can carry out their missions in security.
Although it had started its work at least two years, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of the fish, which is that subsidies to fisheries are detrimental to the environment and cause the exhaustion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has also been used for the development of common language for the United Nations on conflict prevention, through interaction and exchange of experience.
The actuary has also been responsible to propose other ways of financing for the post-retirement health insurance.
The procurement contracts between UNDP and other donors are carried out by the Office of Support Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for the offices and accommodation of headquarters.
However, the case of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of 16 accused for male husband were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in the civil society.
In practice, the police has established a police officer to present a victim of violence in home or sexual abuse.
The Basel Financial Centre is headed by a lawyer and staff composed of another legal opinion.
The pregnancy of teenage pregnancies are still a major feature in rural areas and generally to be taken to marry the girl child as soon as possible, which would lead to a violation of the family involved in the village of the village, generally as the girl.
NGOs - Non-governmental organization
No efforts must be spared to revitalize the process while preserving the current standard of norm, which is now a two years, and still on biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates a appropriate legislative basis for a future of the export control system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important issue for our time and an essential imperative in the building of a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search of a solution to issues related to the opening of two border crossing items in the Kosovo party on the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the policy of the rules before the Statute.”
I join the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information for his briefing.
India will be necessary to provide additional information on its comments and will participate in discussions to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Fall Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parraflala (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
It is particularly to continue to modernize the technical structure of the system in order to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including through the “Question of Palestine” of UNISPAL on the Internet of the United Nations under “Peace and security”, and to strengthen its collection in addition to new and former documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
However, before them to give the floor, I would like to make a few weeks at the time that Japan took the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Policy Committee had to develop the item at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know about the vision of France for the future on special measures.
It is on the past period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also the final evaluation of ISAF's action before the deployment of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is based in principle of a single State appears, it is a matter of doubt.
Mr. Rayvv (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and mitigation of drought through sustainable development policies represent a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has completed the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29.2.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat Secretariat to the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support for the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and fully cooperate in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy against drug control based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Security Plan of Security and Guatemala.
The countries of the region have been studying all the implications of such a process.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia had applied all provisions of the relevant resolutions of the Security Council, request that it is the primary requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without a breach of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and humanitarian law and to cooperate in the implementation of the immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Working Group on Information and Communications Technologies, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to break the power of this crime and is in the way of concrete results that we will try to exercise their ability to exercise the responsibilities they have been transferred.
While the situation is changing a return to peace, UNRWA should address the requirements of the transition of a conflict in the recovery and development phase, and to launch a special fund of an similar special fund to which it had launched for the implementation of the peace agenda in the light of the signing of the Oslo Agreements.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 expenditures for the maintenance of premises, resulting from the cost of the estimated amount of 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali The health policy and services standards for the host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and to avoid duplication of work and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14 The increase of the use of computers and automation of the Office's work.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- The word “technical” after the word “and” will be replaced by the word “and” after the word “other technology”, for the text of the text as follows: “Other and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are taking into account the values of the public service, in particular in the area of conduct of conduct, sound management of resources, transparency, accountability, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 13902);
Any effort to promote indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us have been shocked, and we are now looking forward to Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past, and in conjunction with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It would result that it would be an indication of accountability that can improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The export Authority is invited, before, to validate a certificate, to demand the exporter that it is submitting a declaration that the rough diamonds are not diamonds.
Other progress is made to:
(c) To examine how the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs of the United Nations Office at the headquarters of the Tribunal, in accordance with the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the late communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the collection of weapons of weapons had received delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects, in this regard, was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the opinion of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial, human and human education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the Convention and parents (in particular, inter alia, initiatives to address persons who are illiterate or are not received from school education, civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including in the countryside;
(d) The difficulties that continue to raise awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective review mechanisms for the child and other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore what the approach to strengthen and improve the conditions of human rights and its control related to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter referring to the decision as a illegal, unjust and irresponsible manner”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
C. Inter-level session
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such as it should not be our ultimate objective.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), as well as the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of assistance more widely used.
I hope that you will have the support of the updated aide-memoire as a tool for the evolution of the priorities on the protection and protection of the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in respect of protection are reflected in the resolutions and relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) by Mexico and adopted by the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian population must not be taken hostage hostage-taking by armed factions to deprive them to do so.
The recommendations of the Council are verified by the secretariat of the Fund on its compliance with the relevant rules of the United Nations, and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken by the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Conference on the review, through the Council of Human Property Council, with regard to trade, links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights that affect trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures in respect of impunity and responsibility for the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council emphasized many occasions on the importance of the fact that it attaches to this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Girls (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Alidov (Tajistan), Mr. Kuinsky (Mauritius) and Mr. Gerhirov (Estonia) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to emphasize three points concerning drug trafficking in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continued role of the Government of the United Kingdom to lead to the fight against narcotics.
States may act in isolation with this problem.
(d) Effective risk management systems and internal control;
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the procedures of extradition and simplify the requirements of evidence relating to the offences which apply to this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are located or where the other persons concerned;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article did not apply to the continuation of minor offences.
The State Party should consider to consider a final judgement in cases where the judgement may be obtained from the fact that the author of the offence may be prosecuted for death, theft or injury or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit has adopted a directive with the support of the Office of the Programme of Programme, which relate to the systematic review of country monitoring mechanisms, the management of other contributions to resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three-year training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the United Nations Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the United Nations Regional Network for Human Settlements and the National Development Programme, and private companies, as well as private companies in the field of human settlements management and the municipal development programme, and private companies, as well as private companies, such as B.Catel, Total, D.C., and para.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was retained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods used in the destruction of the destruction, location of all of the destruction of all destruction and norms in respect of security and protection;
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Cercation of external debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 127 Palestinians have seen their homes by the Israeli military forces that invaded cities with tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses in explosives while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore vital in that endeavour.
On the last point, I do not fall in detail.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting I thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), its very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established by resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) on the threat that continues to be addressed to Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain concerning the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Draft budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have reported examples of other official statistical products, which develop and publish statistics in their own activities.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements to the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and requests the speedy and full implementation of 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians from the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of active hostilities, where civilian losses are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chair
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the review of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Karayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of a long-term ceasefire.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to consider this issue in depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the time that it has been granted, the President shall immediately remind him immediately.
(a) Suspension of the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties concerned, and in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested delegations.
States parties shall submit the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, in a period of one year of the entry into force of the Convention to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, shall carry out the visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Mambawa region was committed during three different periods:
With regard to 12 October, the police soldiers entered force in the witness to Mr. Muasa.
All persons who were interviewed confirmed that there had been many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects.
Natural security crisis
Once the designation, such a entity is subject to a series of sanctions under the law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific organizations and assisted by two words (a.e. New Zealand and Australia), respectively.
Review of the review of re-trial review
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Of 42.8 million to fund costs of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28,4 million, 66 per cent of the total total, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights for the Implementation of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Office for Human Rights to ensure that the provision of employment in the various places of duty and the rationalization of administrative procedures; and to ensure that the necessary resources are required for training, the organization of career career and knowledge management, in the framework of a new mobility policy.
The Advisory Committee also recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake a assessment of the capacity and professional skills required in OIOS to ensure internal audit activities of the Fund's administration and investment activities, as well as the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on the evaluation at its next mandate on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a computer computer
Financial institutions are required to submit any suspicious transaction transactions and to monitor all irregularities.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who is responsible or facilitates the entry into the national territory of a person whose person knows, or there is good reasons for believing, that it is a foreign immigrants or the intention to request asylum.
The number of women in senior government positions at the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of academic women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a pension pension regime, as possible as possible, as well as the fact that the people who cease any professional activity to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in the context of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Law 1996 on violence in the Family) which, inter alia, in the case of arbitration judgements and judgements of protection, and provides a large number of arrest powers in cases of domestic violence.
The next review of the Charter will be more particularly in light of the possibility of refusing to appeal to information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, of non-colonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment of human rights and women's rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women's rights in relation to law law on the right of persons to freedom and choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the procurement legislation that relate to electronic commerce.
- Application of information under article 44 (1) of the Act on Banking Institutions in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions to the United States (Radchchiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited growth in GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was to be reduced with minor cases.
Such plans include the improvement of improvements, the establishment of early warning systems and the formation of continuous communications between areas and communities and the authorities.
UNESCO and several agencies affiliated to the latter would encourage activities for the preservation of biological diversity within the framework of which remote sensing and GIS will have a broad role.
The various issues have been discussed and draft resolutions were presented and reviewed by 11th to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.115).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the fact that the Representative of the Secretary-General continues to call on the Guiding Principles on Displacement of persons in its own country in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and the non-governmental organizations, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL has focused on preparing its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of two judges shall be provided in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be held, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Oarayak and the Lake Tronon Church v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is located in a large part of the codes of civil and criminal proceedings established during the United Nations system.
It published and disseminated throughout the country of the fascicules for the process and the need for registration of birth and marriages in order to bring awareness of public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, acting through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolution of the nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need of some types of specialized assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the country of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and is at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, restoring social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria fully endorses the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it also stresses that globalization does not take due consideration of the human component, the interdependence of the economies that would not reflect the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/11.
At the date of the closure of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the statement in paragraph 1 of article 14 of this instrument.
Recommendations of the Committee
However, the periodic report of the United Nations High Commissioner's Special Republic, however, is particularly vulnerable to the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts, which are traditionally concentrated on the Greek minority and Macedonian communities.
They claims that there had been violation of article 2 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this claim, that a decision of the High Court of the East region, on 5 February 1999, a incident of racial discrimination does not constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person to the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, acting with the consent of the Council, to extend an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general and succinct nature of the work will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of the GHG effects and the importance of the technical level used (for example, power, production, production).
Environmental, economic and socio-economic impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
In this regard, it would be difficult to address this problem.
The need for developing countries to implement implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology for development and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects in the world and to create a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(e) In the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditures related to these activities.
24.61 The amount of the proposed amount of posts for the amount of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) for the biennium 2002-2003 and (c) of the expenditures related to the performance of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) expenditures for other items for the functioning of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in coordination of assistance in conflict situations and post-conflict situations, among other things of the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $488,000
Office of the United Nations
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post who shall not be a member.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the implementation of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which takes into account existing existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, and that a variety of forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda item “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the Secretary-General and the relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the only Member States; no reform should be overcome in this regard, as those who are in position to decide on the work that we are all of us.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey Conferences on the financing of development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development had attracted great hope in the international community, including with the developing countries to see the emergence of a stable and just socio-economic order.
This purpose can be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would allow us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Association of Sports Sports in various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports and sports facilities for children and youth.
The programme of awareness for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responded to the needs of poor poor communities, continued to focus on the development of innovative information and education tools and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy of the Strategy as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that restrict access to markets, including increases and inflation rates limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the Committee for a period of three years, starting from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows, in your country, to monitor transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process — as a word, it is clear that the momentum for the peace process that has been achieved, as I have to be done so, but that we need to be released on them.
We believe that this is important for anyone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a ad hoc consultative group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled at the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of international peace and security, which led to the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has made a threat to Iraq's responsibility to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, not on the inspectors to find that Iraq has sought to hide since long time.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that there are no link with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in which the counterparts could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society had inherited, one of another coercion.
The majority of the sub-Timor who continue to be in place of living social agriculture with the production of highly-scale production.
At the same time, our bilateral relations to all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support for this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be sworn in the course of the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided into two sections - the United Nations projects and projects of non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects and provide the needs for funding;
(e) 1.17 The term “part performing party” means a person other than the carrier who shall comply with a contract of carriage under the contract of carriage or control, regardless of whether it is party or indirectly, regardless of whether it is party to the contract of carriage, is identified or shall be determined under the contract of carriage, or shall be determined under the contract of carriage.
The definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to replace variant C, which would read as follows:
On another other side, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by a third of Member States, including some of the high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of people.
Most of the police systems that provide registries in accordance with the Agreement on the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement operate as a basis for a national database through the Internet and are fully operational, or is fully operational.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a signatory agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
Like most countries of the region, Zimbabwe depends on the support of donors for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support had been reduced since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic promulgated a law which defines the responsibility of the State of Chile on HIV/AIDS prevention and is the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited in recent years, the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as combating mercury pollution, the development of agro-industries and the timber industry, the promotion of investment, export and technology.
The implementation of the implementation of projects under this general framework seeks to make an effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 4479,866 are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the overall programme budget, the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court under their jurisdiction under the law of the right to be present in his trial and to defend the assistance of a lawyer;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it should be adopted at the earliest stage of policies to address social, economic and cultural problems that must be addressed.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made efforts to combat trafficking in a country's own priorities and working with various bodies and agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls on the implementation, in this regard, the procedures relating to the basic standards of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that the outcome of the recent ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancun, and deplores the absence of a agreement on the reduction of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have created $500 billion from the United States dollar for the rich and poor countries and contributed to the reduction of poverty about some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is not done, the injustice of economic globalization will go back to the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease of globalization.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede its development, both in urban areas and in the streets, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is a example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Béer (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Declaration and the Durban Programme of Action constitutes a milestone on the path of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of what that can be reasonably presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should amend the instrument as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They often face the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(fancellation)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where a education facility is too far at the same time, the region is to be able to make a daily day, the region where the staff is located and that the Secretary-General's opinion is not in the area of school, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rate, which are specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States of America could support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the Financial Regulations in force and to reduce the control of the General Assembly.
She would like to know that the Secretariat indicated that it had made to recruit local posts of the Force in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in total, participated in 66 projects in the near 35 countries.
1 The Caribbean region and northern South Atlantic
(d) It is important to ensure the implementation of the projects on the results of the projects, the following possible implementation of these experiences, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be credited to the amounts to apportion between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan with assistance from the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and looks forward to a more active commitment to the international community.
The expansion of the work programme is difficult for the coordination of UNCITRAL, with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, the settlement of disputes, insolvency law, transport law, security rights and private finance infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported the continued work on two anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The roster sets out the following:
The follow-up to the implementation of the resolution must be made in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid the violence between persons who have the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic was made in the port headquarters of the Kozova Gelica to say to the Roma people that they had to be held immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of a act in the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at any time of the proceedings the complainant has provided details of the torture that he had suffered.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
In accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, the Committee is in accordance with paragraph 5 of article 22 of the Convention, that the same question was not considered and is not under consideration before another international investigation body or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time of extradition, but it was subsequently withdrawn because of a error on the person.
(b) The contentious statement should be an essential element of the prosecution of the communication;
5.4 In line with the elements that support the allegations of Mr. Azurans's statements made by torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CTT on the period specified in which the contested statements took place and that:
The high-up of the complainant is the first of the mother of Ablahlah Öanan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
According to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence of evidence obtained by torture.
No further clarification is given to these problems.
The number of countries replied: 65.
In the meantime, it would be unlikely to be a result of the fact that it is likely to draw the contradictions and inconsistencies with various international international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework of the maintenance of peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change in attitude.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and standards.
The first work of research has already yielded strong results and set out specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role of political leaders and political parties, and should play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete action to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent that a activity is consistent with national targets or is part of these objectives.
This will therefore be able to do so if the goals are achieved, but also they will be the most longer applied to the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with political and legislative processes, and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint venture by the South-South Network (SSPSP), controlled by the Kaks, and the Canadian company of lading with a view to construction of a web site in the north-east province in the north-east in the north of Northern Konia.
At the same time, the number of visitors visited from New Zealand dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Committee on Political Issues and Decolonization (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, particularly said that if there could be a need for the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should make progress.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take four weeks, from the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it has provided a detailed discussion of the project, which was published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/DTE/TL/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian staff for the period 2003/04, which covers 27 international officials, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to 284,66,900, is a decrease of $4,933,300,600, compared with the amount of the amount for the biennium 2002-2003.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major countries that have produced, sell or working in diamonds to participate in the system of self-regulation in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, the new proposals, although the new proposals, are not only not only in the context of the required coordination process, but it would be possible to avoid the process of the process of review, but it would be possible to avoid the process of the process of reporting, but it would be likely to be able to avoid the process of the process of review, by increasing the work of the recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, through its comments and comments on the request of various United Nations agencies, by organizing conferences and seminars, by the United Nations agencies and in a search of tolerance.
Table 1 provides to compare the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (e level of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 by the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/23 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income of the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report is produced, in a experimental manner, to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One P-2 Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements required for the travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,302,300 (before recosting), which is estimated for $800 dollars for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained that, in the programme document, it should be explained in the guidance of the posts between Headquarters and regional offices and the regular budget.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market should be brought to the Prosecutor's Prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Space
The Committee also notes with appreciation the written replies submitted by the State party at its list of items to be addressed (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(d) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 128.
At the two sessions, there was additional information on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author alleges that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the date of his arrest and other occasions before his trial had suffered serious ill-treatment and due conditions in which it is detained.
3.1 The author alleges that the persistence of the Czech Republic, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 143/197 is a discriminatory, discriminatory and unconstitutional right to the right of the author to enjoy any investigation of its legacy and property, including its right to return and compensation.
3.6 The author alleges that there had been violation of article 14, paragraph 2 of article 14, paragraph 1 and 3 of the same article with effect to deprive a accused of a fair trial, is also a violation of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the argument of the State party that it has been not under the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that the author's dispute was not subject to the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, in accordance with the new Code of Labour of 1 January 2000, a remedy could be submitted to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision was from a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read jointly with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the capital penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author of the author also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and the part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author alleges that his rights were violated because it was arrested and charged without any evidence of its involvement in criminal activity and that it was gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence that he considered that it considered a error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in this regard, it was impossible to the Constitutional Court to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings committed, the author submits that, in the two cases, it was impossible to be impossible under the extraterritorial regime in order to commit prosecutions against perpetrators of political opponents in the prior period.
Given that the State party has not included a claim against this claim, and there has been no other relevant information on the basis of the executions of trials, it should be accorded to the author's claim.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has failed to show that the author's action has a interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive duration of the period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining the time to determine, in the case of the review, the length of the backlog of the author and his trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, or the date of the beginning of the trial.
It is not obliged to use only the documents that have before the first time before the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party has failed to act that it would not have not been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the Status of Refugees for the Former combatants and states that no of the two bodies to review its request has been justified about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With respect to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is a violation of a violation of article 7 because they are not always denied the person in question.
Witnesses
The Committee notes that the judges of Peru would be able to take a complaint of the rule they had had before it a complaint stating that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this deadline would not begin from the notification of the judgement, but on the last of the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the return of detainees in these regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the review of this complaint.
The authors referred to the decision of HOCOC in the extent that it has a assessment of the facts, which ensures its argument that the Commissioner took a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the professional commissions and to reintegrate the police.
The authors have before the judiciary in the case of Roma, Aundes in 1997 and Kormjjjell and requests for expropriation filed by the authors in the past two cases, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner have been controlled by the District Court of Fjjans who said that, in reference to the judgement of the Supreme Court in Valencia, paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Fisheries Act was contrary to articles 65 (the right to equality) and 75 (e) of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 concerning article 20, noted that the prohibitions of the “other” of the right to freedom of expression is consistent with the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression.
The Committee shall immediately respond to the judge.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case of cases.
3.3 The author alleges that the case had not exhausted domestic remedies and specify that the case was not subject to another international investigation body or settlement.
In addition, the State Council stresses that a dual remedy may be exercised by the military station or the Judicial Court in first instance, and before the Council of the State of Appeal and that these bodies may give appropriate action.
In accordance with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of 16 March 2001, it was recognized on 13 months of the author's military service for the purpose of its work at the sixth sixth level of the body of the electorate.
In addition, the fact that the State has been sentenced to the subject of the proceedings of the State.
Canada, Chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See case Cabrao Delgado and Santaana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Special report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33/D.4);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Bali v. Austria (communications No. 41/199/199), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts have been actively involved on the new appointments, the Government of the Government must be implemented.
The security right is therefore crucial, if the safety of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, had made progress in the areas of rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains inadequate.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of the Economic and Social Council, dated 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Populations, as soon as possible, as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 to the Council, the necessary information for the review by paragraph 8 of resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis provides to determine that may be able to take place at the round table and what are expected to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of a interregional workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions are being met, namely the existence of a vacant post that is not only a Kuwaiti State who have trained vocational training or expertise and the inability to obtain access to the service of local employment, which would meet the criteria set out by the employer.
At the time of time, the time of time remains to be filled in the course of the time of time.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Act on the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become the law on the Prevention of Child Prevention and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article provides that children who may not be incorporated into pre-school language in the form of traditional or mental forms of physical or mental disabilities are welcomed in pre-school schools.
The results of the eight recent elections have been communicated to WIPO to participate in international cooperation through competitive competition in the form of use and control of 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
The challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could create new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on various options that have been completed in the compulsory school.
As a result of the implementation of a female study programme, the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for gender equality for the University of Bermuda for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common standards.
“In Ghana, H. Arriririo via Satellite”, International Herald Tribun, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with Colombia
(c) To continue to include the issue of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children had not been able to know the identity of their natural parents, even in their majority, as well as that it is in their best interest.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of several strategies and programmes of national programmes, including the decision No. 347/2002 of the National Health Programme and the Family; the National Health Programme for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the national health strategy for HIV/AIDS; various programmes for minorities, including the Roma population;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the Convention of ILO (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition of the Worst Forms of Child Labour and the immediate action for the elimination of the Worst forms of child labour, which is ratified by the State party,
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes against Roma in all society, and in particular by the authorities as police and professional professionals providing services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties have their reports regularly and in time frames.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns aimed at promoting tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist motivated acts and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, the need to consider the need for development and development policies in a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical cooperation, to ensure that all means, and in particular by the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law, with respect to private sector workers and public companies, to create without authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered as an active measure for the payment of the salaries, regardless of the legal system.
Information on the current standard of life
It is considered that the households, even though they do all their income in the satisfaction of their food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units constructed a total of $1,074,843, or a annual average of 107 684.
In the percentage of the population and housing of housing, these figures accounted for at least 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stocks.
State housing programmes
With regard to activities in the health sector, some researchers believed that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there remain still the need and judicial procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Law No.
However, it is important that the facts of violent crimes committed against women are being held in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgently addressed.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete action at the national, regional and global levels in order to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period reached by the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If any three options that may be obtained by the majority of the votes, the majority of the votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held for the election of voters to be a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without any appeal shall be determined to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
Kstst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Review of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
b.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the tenth Islamic Conference of the Summit held the last month in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for achieving its implementation.
It is important to reflect the three main foundations of this objective because they are our determination to keep this theme on the long term.
However, the complainant's allegations, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption of the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since almost 10 years, the blockade of the Republic of the occupied State of Nakhkhivanan, causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations have adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
It has been able to reduce costs through energy economy.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003,
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The Committee's second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide of the Model Guide on International Insolvency, whether it may designate a authority, judicial, or other, to control or monitor the insolvency law of the UNCITRAL Model Guide, namely that it may designate a authority, judicial or other, to control or monitor insolvency proceedings, as well as to be a competent authority to control or monitor the insolvency proceedings, as well as the insolvency, or other competent, to control or monitor insolvency proceedings;
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
It may be necessary to provide the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which sets out the national measures of international sanctions.
Annex
In fact, no person who have been subjected to a position of this nature can be granted visas to the embassies of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova and Switzerland subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution, as orally revised and orally corrected.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider consideration and, where appropriate, to revise immigration policies to eliminate all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, including the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, and the need to engage effective action to create the conditions to strengthen harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
For example, not only the occupying Power decided to re-establish the areas that had been made fully under Palestinian control, in accordance with agreements reached, but it appears that it had already decided to take place on civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed the resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat endorsed the establishment of the National Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a programme of $5,000,000 for a initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a system of preferences of preferences, which was held in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has succeeded successfully with a innovative approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
Issues and international commitments — which is essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules - starting to expand areas, which, in the past, are under the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What should be the role of public authority?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee on the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of abduction and abduction, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kanein as Deputy Representative of the Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work after 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at <http://www.itu.int/wewe/documents.
We have not yet yet, in the present time, the replies that we need to be essential on the production of weapons of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, which is still expected to be able to work and its current programmes.
The population density and its distribution of distribution have influenced the emissions of transport and settlements.
Some provided a net increase of emissions from this sector despite measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) The need for a number of delegations, with the need for the importance of the obligation to take asylum or refuge to persons suspected of their forced disappearance, with the failure to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might nevertheless be necessary, in their discussions, intergovernmental bodies focused on substantive issues and not considered the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities planned in the work programme.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is particularly timely to speak on non-permanent members of the Security Council, with permanent members to recognize the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion is now now to proceed to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of cooperation and international coordination to this end, my delegation, without it possible to divert the attention of this effort, would like to stress other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, in particular in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities that have been associated with the potential groups of ethnic and national backgrounds in their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations and the funds and programmes of the United Nations system for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management Affairs for the main task of the United Nations system for administrative matters and management of the system, and to promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on these issues for the Council of Directors of the Chief Executives Board.
My area is the following: I will be expected to be expected for new contributions, because the previous speakers have already said, this process will be achieved, and will require substantial funding, including coordination and coordination of other other countries with the lead leadership.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have led to the relevant issues on Afghanistan, although there was more than less than some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to managers identified and proposed to consider different solutions to improve regional inventories.
(b) It should be established at Headquarters and missions, as well as to be sufficient to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNUN)
(b) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNDOF)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the United Nations International Criminal Police Organization - Interpol, to enable the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, where appropriate with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad, and flexible for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith with political life, and not to be left on the basis that, more than, to join the ranks of those who have become actively engaged in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a clearer description of the situation in providing the most recent information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the presentation of the last year.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is a indivisible and indivisible.
It could be possible if it was possible to release old or renounce nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the largest support of the States parties as well as non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this perspective, at a ministerial meeting of the Bandet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, presented the initiative for adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is a other delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has yet yet reached issues such as the deletion of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibitions imposed by the producer countries and the boycott in consumer countries), in the extent that they are inconsistent with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several major companies in the trade of wood are designed to ensure environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood-free products can be used without danger to the environment and society.
It is determined in the management of concessions, the value of forest plantations and the processing of forest products.
(i) Urges countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection of collection and dissemination systems in order to provide information on production, consumption, trade and commodity prices in small and non-renewable forest products to promote transparency in markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ikaka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, mainly on treaties imposed, should be repealed in all and replaced by a more fair and equitable legislation, which protects the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men have become more than women to work because the custom is to be in the forefront of the age of the age, while boys will then be held at a later stage.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same as they are used to be found by a couple of persons in the same school since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information collected in various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparation of the Conference of Cancún participating in the High-level Meeting of Trade negotiators for the fifth Ministerial Conference of the WTO and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Conference of Cancún.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries to participate in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continued in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of the WTO, UNEP and regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the University of Government of the University of the University of Elilla in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachidetetet, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which provided the work of the Commission on ICT Development.
We also recognize that globalization, and a concrete and concrete contribution to international trade, provide a hope for achieving our peoples.
Last year, taking into account the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women as part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities including care at the mother and the child; and is consolidated for gender equality and women in a society that took place in the family unit, it is high to gender equality and respecting the rights of the family.
Developing countries face today's challenges in the development of development, which can be found by concerted international efforts and support of nature to ensure political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to implement the most coherence of the principles that it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of forces and global objectives have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, which has 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its final report was also discussed on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered chapter 28 (Information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and by other relevant human rights instruments,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 to the Rome Statute, the Security Council decided to be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State or the force of the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia, unless a formal exemption of the troop-contributing State is subject to a formal basis.
Also requests the working group to study the information and report of its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other companies, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered the draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, which had been sponsors of Mr. Cheniquu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Park, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Economic and Peace Organization
The Office of Outer Space Affairs and the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a level of information on the needs of user users and that it would be more broad to integrate GNSS and its further development infrastructure for developing countries.
Governments are unable to make the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and to combat disease.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is a synthesis document, which contribute to the members of the Partnership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21 (f), provides “any person arrested or detained shall be formally filed and submitted before the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “there will be no interim detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is a area that could benefit from education programmes and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to make accounts was relatively effective, but that it is mainly concerned to concerned concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5 under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, even as the issue of debt sustainability, at its meeting of the autumn.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address problems related to development cooperation.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase of the road of our political tools in the context of flexibility.
The staff who are under recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides an overview on the action of the Council, during the past year, in its responsibilities, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist to optimize the relevance of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council's high-level segment in the context of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) enrichment of the knowledge of knowledge, expertise and management tools of the Government and the United Nations Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for 2000 and (e) the improvement of mechanisms to address the implementation of multilateral environmental agreements and to comply with the implementation of the existing implementation of the Global Programme of Action.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of universal prevention of narcotic drugs among young people; diversification of treatment services and rehabilitation of drug abusers; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of information technology and communication technologies, including through facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of performance indicators, the number of the members and members of the United Nations Development Programme and the new initiatives that have been undertaken in the development of the development of the development and space technologies of developing countries, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, using information technology and space technologies for the protection of the environment and sustainable management of natural resources, is expected: (a) the number of existing training and space technology activities.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by providing more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; and more effective and coordinated implementation of the country's response to disaster management; a greater increase on the field and the level of the region; and a greater response of donors to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation of the phenomenon of El Niño
Programme 26 countries, landlocked developing and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Souloul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oldindi (Mexico) said that in three years of the exercise of the power, the Government of Mr. Victims of Foxa had laid the foundation for a full period of human rights.
In this regard, the Tunisian delegation endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner in which it should be done to create a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility could be prevented from the same time when water is contaminated, land, land and supply sources.
Such services should be developed and to formulate a social contract that is politically viable.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Group on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. K knowes (Australia) said that there was a year, 88 Australians had killed the death and 202 were injured in the wake of the terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions should be binding and the establishment of the new institution is based on the functions of the organization that has established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat terrorism in the country's financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity of a year on the other.
A statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve and use the encumbered assets, such as equipment equipment, are held on the right to security, which are usually generally liable to security rights on the same property under other receivables.
United States of America
It should be further possible that the need for resources and resources in the context of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the draft decision entitled “Support the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/317.
It is still more net because the proportion has risen from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, it has been attended by a new distribution of production, which has been in the area of the manufacture of houses and clothing for e-commerce, engineering and health services.
It is proposed that family treatment for families with the problem is in relation to drug abuse or knowledge.
It is a major initiative that has been intended to remove the removal of ships to the Nush, the operation carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land are returned to the owners or their husband, as such as the acquisition of the State has never taken place, to ensure that the owners used the ground in the three months after the return.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unfair to foreign nationals and amendments in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the release of the rental of housing and the Order of 1931 to the maintenance of the rental of urban property and the Order of 191 to the maintenance of the rental of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease of the rental of the rental of the goods of the Territory, or after after the date of which the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, including the following-to-to-date approach to the design of a number of frequent and frequent-to-qualified, medical counselling, medical counselling, and medical, medical, medical and vocational treatment of the child.
The municipal councils of the National Service, and the public centres, while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services to the disadvantaged groups of the community as persons with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its facilities and to finance the expansion of the potential.
The candidates for academic studies must have to be achieved successfully in the review of the baaaa, which provides access to the university and must be able to ensure the specific conditions of admission to some studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of socio-economic and political structures of society, such as development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, the agricultural sector, health, health and education, among other fundamental elements of any progress indicator.
However, the problem of which we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — is not in a position to achieve progress since it was established in the resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly in 1993.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the findings that had reached the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Alqqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for the purpose of harmony with terrorist offences with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and use of the United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” in the context of the Office on Human Rights and Disability on the basis of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights and Disability on the basis of disability and considering the functioning of the United Nations system on human rights in this context.
Measures by States 9 - 22 22
In this regard, the Office of the High Commissioner supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft supplementary project.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also requested that unilateral acts should be given to unilateral acts as well as extended to certain types of conduct of States that produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that there is an urgent need for the message of the inspectors designated by the Security Council and provide the replies.
The inspections may continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely, that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with adequate powers would be confirmed, a significant measure that we must be made.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce additional amounts are limited to those indicated above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has ceased to pay special attention to the issue of discrimination based on sex.
Applications for approval are registered in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is in way of achievement.
In the accomplishment of expected accomplishment (a), replace the social problems of “development problems”.
Malawi would like to know that all States are taking up to the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it would strengthen its jurisdiction and independence; it must also be able to be vigilant by the members of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be addressed by any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands noted that the Netherlands courts did not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members are also seized of document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It has been prepared by the United Nations and national organizations for the development of the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, under the main responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In response to the needs of the Evaluation Convention, the Global Assessment should provide a assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem level, species and epidemics.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Review of Global Policy (report of Action)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the main managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of goods and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the results of private companies and social segregation are worrying.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution (A/C.3/58 andL.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
It should also be introduced to introduce policy reforms and strengthen capacity in developing countries.
The Office of the High Commissioner has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as the ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and ensure the repatriation of profits and capital.
We are pleased that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of the Prime Minister Sharon in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians wishing to make a final end to occupation, with certainty that they have made a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provinces level.
The group referred to various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there had been several activities, formal and non-formal activities to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Public Awareness (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauner, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy in order to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall give the same penalties that those who have imposed the effective commission of the act.”
Under article 14 of 2001, as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, is subject to forced labour that allows a person, who is, or is used to be used by the same type of transaction, or a mixture of radioactive, chemical, radiological, radioactive, radioactive, radioactive, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological and degrading acts, as well as any other of these materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for strengthening the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee's “E3”” was suggested that Van Oord had been compensable for some of the losses of tangible property but recommended that it should not pay compensation for its other claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its ability to preserve the Counter-Terrorism Committee, when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public community on the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction within the framework of terrorism, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that it remains still much to achieve the goals and implementation of the priorities set out therein;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke on other agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean region and its Protocol relating to the areas and life of the marine environment in the Caribbean region; the World Bank on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Sea region; the Arctic Convention; and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North Atlantic.
Another proposal, the main agencies that should be involved in the consideration of the topics of the group to be held in the preparation of joint reports for the first meetings, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on the oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be done with a view to its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide all available available to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “see the invitation of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
On the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki had reached three main features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization, which were not limited, they have a very limited nature of the capital capital, and they would undermine the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of all future production and the issue of existing stocks would have to extend further delay and compromise to nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall comply with the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, the costs of housing increased from 12 per cent during the first 12 months of the second intifada, 432
The Office of the Palestinian Authority is a agency for the implementation of the Office of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of their authorities have been given, refugee refugees have replaced and modified their homes and also add other others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of equality must be integrated into the strategies and policies of development at all levels, including in the United Nations.
It is currently two female leaders on a total of 141.
As to the World Health Organization, it has four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary school of the Constitution, the problems posed by the Constitution in the context of the first level of education is particularly difficult.
The success rate was 71 per cent of total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the attendance of the attendance in the secondary education sector was the following in 1997 to98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where women's report is 2 to 1, to the production of textile and the service, and the food industry other than rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used.
(b/DD, 1996kk-Sberbergen, etc).
The village of village is assisted by the Deputy Director, but a total of 121, 491 Deputy Secretaries, 101 only women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to this objective.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions to create a balance between the legitimate needs of security and the loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, she would like to know whether there are figures indicating the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive Sexual and Sexual Rights in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, are two distinct or unusual institutions that are the same and if they deal with their rights or health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of United Nations agencies and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council.
The Chairman hopes, however, that each organization represented in the meeting to develop, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, a mechanism that would facilitate information exchange.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including appropriate financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, while reaffirming that it is at each country that is the primary responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, France, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, France, Germany, Germany, Sweden, Sweden, Germany, Germany, Germany, the Republic of Finland, the Czech Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
The Secretary-General's report on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, table 1 4).
A woman was appointed to the Temporary Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with over 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with over 10 January 2003).
acute acute uncertainties showed that regional and international cooperation is essential to addressing the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned to the normal level.
It is necessary to ensure that, through training courses and sufficient support, the current standards of development in order to provide best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A disposal to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all issues raised by the provisions [in subparagraph (b) above or otherwise]]
Mr. Nansi (Sweden) said that the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the proposed reforms by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/261);
Expressing grave concern at the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including the construction and expansion of the settlements in East Jalal Abu- Ghounaym and Ras al-Shoud in East Jerusalem, and around
International cooperation in the area of protection of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening relevant agencies in sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries to better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure the sustainability of environmental sustainability, there will be a need for universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sacor, it is necessary to take into account the organization of the Secretariat, in the bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997 in terms of which (the Secretariat, which is one of the principal United Nations organs, has its headquarters in New York.
The subprogramme is granted to representatives and provides access to documents to the participants, such as documents (CRP), in addition to available documentation at the level.
In considering the web sites of organizations or agencies, the official documents are posted on the Saco, which had been found that some of them did not indicate that the documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for almost 10 years, which is much much if the rapid innovation of technological innovation is being considered.
The Board's view of these guidelines should sometimes be carried out in a separate manner, the task is hard, and a lot of time (e.e. three months) and it represents a greater workload when resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, including 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some of them are even suspected to assist others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while there are no opportunity to obtain such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as new and real threat to the international scene, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Yai attended representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of the United Nations system, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention Programme and the criminal justice system and intergovernmental organizations.
The Registrar described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Security Council on the Prevention and Security of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC seeks to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of the environment in government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the factory, which had raised questions relating to the plant, the problems encountered in production, as well as the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan population and the same time to call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with respect to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to ensure access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific arrangements for the annual period or a long-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (the host Government”) by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with the cooperation with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Office of Evaluation will be able to be able to make its efforts and could be able to lose efficiency.
Type: Global Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been more than the members of the Group on the list of “terrorism”, not not because of the lack of such laws, but because the rules of the forum had changed and that we have not been able to oversee the banking banks in Nauru.
In addition to the fight against weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in the face of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would appear that, for a small number of Member States, the issue does not have a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it would take any other factors, but that it would be able to take them to take full steps.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, including the prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
There is a more set number of girls, and it is responsible that the construction of 12 noon in order to encourage their students not leave school.
There is no data on the illiteracy rate of women in rural areas.
To be held on 8 December 2001, on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiations from a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines are directed to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to hold its work on the basis of the mandate that had been provided in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of collaboration with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been made, and many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this endeavour.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to implement all previous commitments and to establish new commitments for the full realization of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that had clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in their difficult consultations during the past few months, and the commitment and dedication have become the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of projects of afforestation or reforestation projects under the CDM for the purpose of submitting tCERs, a operational entity shall verify and certify regular insurance for the period under review.
The heroin continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services are working together and their knowledge and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
The management and use approach is also essential for the quality of long-scale long-scale army and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the British police in the use of pseudmades, and provides materials for road safety.
If those who exploit traffickers deliberately, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their lives, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration services or other responsible enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly on peace and security will renew the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew's crew of “Shzz, on behalf of the “vitat”” in Chinese, has bought in outer space and a healthy income, except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the field of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not remain unpunished and that they have to respond to them.
Appendix A
Under the second draft resolution, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law in the preparation of the development and adoption of model legal provisions, would allow the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopt relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, the Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court has taken to the State, in public hearings, a penalty of six years and six months of the Office of Tax fraud and violation of the obligation to hold accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, President of the SBI, and Mr. Hallat Thorgeirsson, President of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and reported the expected accomplishments.
The workshop, which was designed for the staff of Asian countries for the preparation of the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, was mainly to States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has thus improved, the Government had adopted, with a view to gender equality, a double approach to integrating gender perspectives in its strategies and to develop gender and gender programmes, which had enabled them to further systematically discriminate against gender.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention are carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
Given all these elements, I would like to request once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Ecuador is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004 including salaries under the nine posts (1 D-2, 1 P-2, 2 P-2 and 5 General Service posts, will be held at $707,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective in terms of time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be incorporated into the guidance of programmes for 2004 and will be considered, as well as recommended in the verification of staff, the direct costs related to the design, design and implementation of training activities funded by the administrative budget, and the training projects managed by the Staff Management Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the whole draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of work on action taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and action taken by Annex II to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, in the limits of its verification mandate, to ensure that the parties fulfil their responsibilities in the field of security-related enterprises on the ground of the Boundary Commission working on the ground, and, in extreme situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are not indicative.
However, eight countries only, against the purpose of 193, had reached their completion of mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between 020 and 050 hours, a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at the sea of Beirut (on 20 kilometres of the coast), in the direction of Jouarand and until the west of Chakka (on 11 km coast).
- The same day, at 21 p.m., a Israeli military bus fired a flare bomb in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the rule of six weeks to the issuance of documents and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from documents and on its web site as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
In the near future, the establishment of the issue will be extended to the same future.
The annual budget for the childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three than the estimated of 2000-2001 and those additional funds are mostly earmarked in the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the action priorities for 2002-2003, the goal of a number of 72 per cent per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was established.
The goals have been set out in the context of the reduction of unwanted pregnancies among adolescent mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and to provide care for user-friendly services.
Under the precautionary plan for health in December 2000, OA National Health: a plan for exchange of exchange, NHS needs to ensure that health personnel is at same, professional and culturally culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Heads of All organizations of the NHS in Scotland is also committed to the implementation of this programme by signing the leadership of the Commission for the Advancement of Equality (Commission on Equal Opportunities).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve the services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a project partnership with advisory organizations, which could involve the equipment in electronic services of the proposed centres, and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, together with two main objectives: more than women and children and to make awareness-raising on the choice of security and protection; and reducing social tolerance of such offences as they have not been separated, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as it was stated at the last session of the Committee 661, a emergency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiation of the financial amendments of these contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the Head of the Programme of Iraq in the report submitted to the Council on 29 September, as well as not yet resolved or not to be resolved, may be fully committed to that it can be able to carry out this transfer in the best conditions and time frame.
It is very useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had been tried to make Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/7/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the recent developments and difficulties that we need to overcome and overcome if we are, as provided in the Millennium Declaration, to take lasting peace and achieve sustainable development.
Table 2 Number of donors that announced multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (in 28 February 2003) (Millions of United States dollars)
In a democracy, it is the majority of the majority of the rules that wished to join and, during the past few years, Canadians, in their majority, demonstrated that they would not benefit from violence, both in real life and the media.
The research demonstrated that, in relation to crimes relating to crimes, it is necessary that there is a need for financial reasons, to be able to move up and to focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is based on the first part of the Court, which will lead to a fair trial in a reasonable period.
A second technician is based on the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure greater efficiency through the establishment of a common services package for the provision of the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions will require the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Working Group and the Victims of Victims in 2004 to include the sub-group of participation, the sub-group of compensation and sub-group of the Fund's benefit.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel of staff for the Prosecutor, the President, the judges and the Deputy Secretaries for the high-risk areas: 952 6911
It would also be responsible to advise on internal legal matters related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Under-Secretary-General explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation, if the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would appreciate more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is prepared in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the amendment of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a reservation entirely.
The Office has developed a comprehensive and judicial reform document, which, in the context of progress made in the past 10 years, in anticipation of the mid-term meeting of the donor Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive measures to resolve the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; new measures have taken a relatively strong consensus in the governmental coalition and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are critical to the sustainability of the present human rights and the environment, as well as the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not be recognized, and the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become the public domain, and the cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 500,000 to US$ 1,000 FAFF has been established as a result of this activity.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code regulates the family relationship, in accordance with articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of birth and until the death, the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise applicable.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land-based fire, the authorization to enter a border can be obtained with the members of immigration and border services.
Annex
Such differences between men and women in other diplomatic communities are not not found.
The recognition of the values and potential potential for the assistance of non-governmental organizations can help the Government of Governmental Cooperation in the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Boster) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed about the concern that the inclusion of a “or commitment to fulfil” should not make a very broad definition.
However, it was expressed about the fact that alternative article B did not expressly recognize the responsibility of the carrier and that its paragraph 1 said that the carrier was entitled “in its responsibility” without no effect for the responsibility of the carrier.
The Working Group in its entirety approved the substance on the merits.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Togo, Togo, Togo, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other areas of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
This is the Iraqi regime that it has always remained to avoid war.
I would like to stress the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have much our debate on this important issue.
My delegation listened attentively with the view of Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that would guide our own decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to take the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still many peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law in the right to resist such occupation.
We also recognize other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is as follows:
Additional resources for the coordinator of resident coordinator are expected to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets for the financing of funds that UNDP is administered by the United Nations Office for the Fund of Auditors.
It will transmit to its partners to lessons learned and practical practices to ensure that their policies and programmes meet women's awareness of poor women, those who affect and infected with HIV/AIDS, those who are in situations of conflict or post-conflict situations and those are excluded from the participation of the decisions that affect their lives and their choice.
The present proposal would therefore always be able to reduce the rate of recovery to take into account the interest of the interest rate, which is currently approximately 2 per cent.
The proposed support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to allow a comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the fiscal period, the increase and decreases is expressed in support of the same factors used for approval of credit approval.
Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had started the process of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter from 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in document S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 from 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Proorestation and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has led to a decline in the income of the State's invasion of taxes and taxes, and it has thus led to a reduction of public spending, especially in the social sector.
Further information was requested in connection with the Joint Commission on Human Rights (WTO) by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for strengthening cooperation, exchange and regional integration of South-South integration.
One speaker said that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that it was still necessary to examine the studies and experiences of national experiences and follow-up to the implementation of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group believed that States should be seeking to eliminate protectionist obstacles to developing countries and to remove in some economic sectors that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including through recommendations, as appropriate.
The group drew questions to the Director of the project on the methodology for the treatment of water, the quantities of chlorine from each year, the quantities of chlorine containing water, the number of employees and entities associated with chlorine.
He stressed the importance of effective collaboration, responsible and predictable in this area.
Studies studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution — a resolution that would not require Israel to comply with the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes on a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation 84
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
In the light of these instruments, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in the atmosphere, outer space and water (Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the activities of States on the Moon and other celestial bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and Other Celestial Bodies.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into compliance with 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus adopted by the draft resolution.
Iraq acknowledged that it had not been paid to these changes.
I believe that, if we are genuine, we must recognize that the word “out of innocence” has arrived, no need for us.
The last part of the conclusions.
No general implications: the development and combating poverty, if gaps in productivity in countries and countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
It is therefore important for the strengthening of institutional capacity, the development of skills and the promotion of entrepreneurship is also essential for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes, which would enable it to make a more targeted approach to UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which would allow them to use more targeted and more effective expertise and expertise that are provided in the framework of eight UNIDO modules.
The Austrian Nuclear and Social Treaty, which has entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German Agreement on the preparations for preparations and organization in all Germany of the first election to the Bundestaga on 3 September, at the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, owing to the ratification of these instruments, but also because in article 25 of the Basic Law of the Republic of the Congo have a higher authority of the regular laws and the obligations for the inhabitants of the Federal Territory, in the extent that they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties included a separate section to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but a few of the Parties have addressed the issue under another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or the general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies with regard to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum of international environmental cooperation in order to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the deteriorating environment.
It should be necessary where the construction of new wastewater facilities, including the use of such water.
The quality of waste waste in both and the areas, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, it should be used to use the installation of the installation of the aircraft in Israel.
Second report on the programme budget
Mr. Briga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as in introducing multilingualism and the education of indigenous peoples and cultures to promote better understanding between cultures.
After having received additional information and information on this matter, the Committee considered the item in several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to assist the public power, depending on their means, to fulfil the fundamental role of its work.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request the rapporteurs and representatives of the Special Rapporteur to hold the functions they are assigned and to take into consideration the topics that are not being held.
The Committee finds that the Special Committee on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has contributed significantly to the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States on the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, based on a appropriate basis.
(a) Notes with concern that there had been a high proportion of staff of General Service staff in the Professional and higher levels of staff and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, to be taken;
(c) The programme of General Service staff in the field of general functions of the secretariat/B/ Professional staff and senior staff for all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
The first time, since the crisis of Cuba, that the peoples of the world will take the effect of two possible options around a crisis of this situation; it is a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, is a peaceful settlement, with a view to which the serious consequences of such a act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it is to note that, through the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, the inspectors were able to have access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private houses.
The peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not removed from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or asserted that society does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it said that it was necessary to be ready to amend its positions and explore each opportunity to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Great l'aretz
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30), a draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Congo, the Democratic Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Arab Republic, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Congo, the Democratic Arab Republic, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Congo, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Congo, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Togo, Togo, Uganda, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Togo, Turkey, Togo, Turkey, Sweden, Sweden, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Uganda, Zambia, Zambia, Uganda, Zambia, Uganda, Zambia, Uganda,
That Syria calls on — or to anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the vote of the wisdom, a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what the reasons for the establishment of a senior body of senior officials is essential for the progress of the major organizational reforms to strengthen international public service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union concurs with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of non-post education and the award of education costs in the country and the other categories of work in the country (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the recommendation of the lump-sum reimbursement and reimbursement costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and reacted promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent during the six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection, a presentation and action.
Mexico believes that a genuine reform must be supported on five basic criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually been expanded to services.
Purpose and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and to oppose the objective of access to the economic, economic and expeditious levels of the insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the encumbered assets may have a effect to increase the provision of credit, because secured creditors would have guaranteed insurance that their real rights would not be injured by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset will be expected to be balanced with the complexity and cost of potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take a difficult decision on that protection.
Final termination clauses
In addition to greater transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly reflect the limitations imposed on the powers of the representative of insolvency concerning the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or their equivalent equivalent to the counterparty when the latter would not stay.
As noted above, however, there can be a total shift in the company and that the continuation of its exploitation in a critical stage of survival.
The following list is not intended to complete and, in some cases, the functions overlap or will not be relevant in accordance with the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general rule, the Committee will be able to speak on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions entrusted to these reports, as mentioned above.
When a creditors of creditors is established (and that they recruit professionals, may be applied to the obligation required by its members (and professional professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of these provisions include general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must make a clear and accurate manner to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes of certain rights that are proposed, or set out the minimum requirements, for example, for the payment of certain claims.
In practice, the time may move from 10 days (see chap.
The Committee's recommendations on the notice of commencement provides for the protection of the debtor, requiring the request of the request to be notified and by providing the possibility of transferring this claim.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Victims of Persons in Tax Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible to provide support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Council of Directors of the United Nations System Executives Board.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement of the Chairman congratulated the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Annabi, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, submitted in the context of a private meeting held with the participation of the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the six months (S/2002/138).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Collen Vixin Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Nagr Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) and the Committee members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in place.
Togarity Foundation is proud to provide an effective electronic communication services that allow the G-77 to meet the growing needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002, seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD ( 100 100 participants);
Investment-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric of the social fabric and women and young girls of vulnerable groups for sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former citizens were the only people to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations provides a comprehensive training manual for the United Nations peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to be more effective in post-conflict situations and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to alleviate and compensate them.
Web sites Chairman of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
In the 12 years, Saddam Hussein has made the Security Council resolutions.
We are now in the phase of rapid growth, sustained by a solid development programme, a industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the subject of the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, including the latest resolution resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of annual sessions should be translated into a period of 3002,300, based on the full costs for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include that to guarantee the exercise of the right to water without discrimination and that measures to ensure effective, concrete and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, may request the State Party to provide additional information1.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
(a) The Web site is based on division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, in mass, a mixture of non-conuse components and whether the chemical of combustion is equal or more than 30 m/g;
“In addition to UN No. 3175, the test test is not required when the cash is fully absorbed in a solid manner in a sacred message.
P903 Add the operative paragraph after “E.g.B.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace “the industrial industry of the type of 1 (c.g. 1 P-3), “cic industrialization of 2 (c.g., P.P., “colis of type IP-1-1”, “colis of type IP-1e”, “colis of type IP-2" and “colis of type I-3-3” respectively.
Paragraph 6.1.4.7 of 6.1.4.7.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.1.1.1.1.1
6.2.2.6.3
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuinyeha said that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women's victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that it is not in the country, they can not testify against perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, healthy economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to establish NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without the support of the disease, we can help that it was used successfully to ensure the development and stability of other countries and other regions.
In the past two years, it has been a result of the last two years, but the amount remains far below of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued leadership of Africa, working in sustained development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
This is the first international legally binding international instrument on trade in biotechnology products.
• Out of the release of pollutants and nututrients by sources of origin;
Note
As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, the Secretary-General noted that, in its consideration of activities undertaken in 1999 by the Commission on White Helmets, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and experience gained in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.26/7/2003/CRP.6,CRP.6/Rev.1,CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 andCRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.1 became A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the discharge of their functions to the peace service, exclusion of those who died from natural causes or a accident, after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of law and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs continue to be held until the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate that the conditions function is better and can be used in a innovative manner and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates that it is a document of the United Nations.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed to the end of other speakers expressed the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
There is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the construction of its well-being and well-being of all members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume all responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; assassinations, flame retards, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far from one “World Fit for Children”.
We hope the hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of children, especially minors, and children displaced in their countries, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced persons to participate in armed conflicts;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Children's protection problems — against abuse and sexual exploitation in particular, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries of the region were in the process of developing legislation for severe penalties for traffickers convicted.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium under section 24 (Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This amount would cover the requirements for: 12 military personnel/military officers (2884,200); 8 of the national police officers (3252,400); 1 of the United Nations Volunteers and consultants (15,000) and consultants (15,000) and consultants (15,000 dollars) and consultants (15,000 dollars) and consultants (15,000 dollars); the costs of operational operations (189,447,100) and training programmes ($314,500).
Consideration of the work programme: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letter dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations and to 9 July 2003 respectively, sent to the Secretary-General, to the Secretary-General of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“I I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajji, to submit a briefing to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the Council's provisional rules of procedure for the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still very poor, and is a artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs reiterated that the conviction without unequivocal conviction in its interview with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against the innocent Palestinian Palestinians will cause despair.
However, it also took note of the various views that had been expressed in the Working Group in connection with the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24-71). The Committee agreed to recommend to the secretariat to follow up the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in order to include the obstacles to electronic commerce that could arise from other instruments of other organizations that could be included in the process of implementation, taking into account the constraints that could be made to the secretariat on the current workload.
The companies who operate in legitimate commercial activities should not be feared to disclose their identity or institution.
(i) To carry out a new reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the context of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Non-Proliferation and Weapons of any measure that would undermine its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Government of the State of State states that when considering the ratification of the documents to be submitted in the context of the participation of Latvia in the partnership Agreement and the cooperation of the Russian Federation, other States, and the European Communities and their member States, to determine whether Latvia will carry out its obligations under human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of studies for the inclusion of indicators for the various factors of stress and that they are both and more robust.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
As a result of the simplified interface, it is possible to do not only only the database but also other information available on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two territories and their implementation would be reviewed carefully with a view to determining whether they can be applied.
The Supreme Council's Supreme Council will also consider the candidates listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will perform the functions of the General Assembly, which will serve as a judge of international instruction and that it will be the floor.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
The Claimant's claim for the development of the PSSani, 56 - 95 9
KAFCO has assessed the fuel of fuel and A-1 to the cost of the replacement costs in May 1991, based on the average price price.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it had found in 1994, although the figures for real production is now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution of objectivity and does not reflect progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is ironable on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed to the international community on the establishment of a international criminal tribunal for its country to end the violence and impunity.
In November last year, he was killed in the course of a terrorist attack at the same time.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As at the time that the international community has made its readiness to the Road Map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate objective, namely the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
In spite of some positive signs that have recently made a revival of the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall will go against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while in the light of the death expectancy of all of all its names, we must accept that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in despair of some people, victims of frustration and injustice that will not be addressed.
In contrast, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in turn of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
The completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these accused were killed and that others were never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution sets out the family as a entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides for the establishment of the country's development committees that will be at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for such trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer of the process would allow the case of time, as the President said, the judicial process was not easy.
Subprogramme 2
It is why the solutions that would prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the forefront of nuclear weapons.
In competition to export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and credits to export, but without a clear change or timelines.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment, by the Community, the Women of Women's Women, which aims to empower women, including through facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and technical and technical training;
Such a project is in the mountains of Central Asia.
A description
Contents
Some participants emphasized the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would enable the role of the institutional system to help to respond to the losses of response to response.
Aware of the importance of collaboration between the organizations of the United Nations Global Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty is removed from the laws on the criminal sanctions of two weapons and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish a open-ended working group on ways of improving the predictability of financing.
In particular, the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions imposed damage to financial and financial damage to third States.
It would be advisable to suspend the sanctions of the sanctions in cases of exceptional circumstances or majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, bloody disease, which led to a culture of the administration of the country, in order to prevent humanitarian catastrophe.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in cases.
The author's delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force in order to prevent humanitarian catastrophe, and should be determined in the context of this suggestion, the view that it did not have a satisfactory way to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was also noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to know and the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
In fact, despite the slight amendment that recommended by the Government Group of Governmental Experts, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the experience of the past years, in particular the fact that the experience of the past years has shown that the fact that the experience of the past two types of conventional weapons, which would not allow universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will consist of five representatives of Member States elected by the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation operation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference, Conventions of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available on the “www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to the full and full participation of women in political life is rather limited in traditional attitudes of society; there is a need for resistance, the share of men to the fact that women can play a role in a decision-making process.
The trial of another Serb Serb, accused of the shooting of April in Mitrovica, started on 22 November.
Research-based research activities, as well as in space-based space missions, are designed to be implemented and implemented by the research teams in the area of the physical use of plasas, e-corruption, air storage and materials of materials.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development had not been designed to double employment with other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a coherent and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already been able to strengthen the capacity of Somali institutions in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Source: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the seventh session of the measures taken to implement the present decision.
“In village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who have not been able to protect them.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving human rights in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both private and private organizations, and the multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all regions affected;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that it would be able to address the issue at a meeting of the expanded office, given that the views expressed by the Expanded Bureau, which would be held in informal informal meetings, will not reflect the provisions of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All of the above-mentioned costs and outputs of the Secretary-General to serve to the International Advisory Council on the period of six months as described above, after those costs will be the burden of the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the framework of the three stages of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the United Nations, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the appropriate institutional framework for the implementation of the legislation, and in the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base is close and more diversified.
In spite of the long periods of hope to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation during other phases and periods that have taken a profound impact on the efforts of Egypt, which has made a clear and clear peace and determination of all opportunities for a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic minorities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State provides the maritime sector to conduct the smuggling of weapons and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
For war, by the territorial courts of armed forces and the military tribunals of the armed tribunals.
Participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, including representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumers, consumers and industry and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that it had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has embarked on its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President has to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to fulfil its functions, or if the State member of the State is a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Presidents as a President of the Executive Board until a new President was elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the persons of Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that there is long long-standing agreement to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the programme budget programme was presented in the form of a subvention to simplify the link between the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Cearch for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme 2 is expected to take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions of the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action should be taken into account.
The list of participants in annex I to the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
One representative of a minority recommended that autonomy for the people of Ecuador in a specific area of the Nigerian territory, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of participants in the control of resources.
The term “other minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use for discussions and further depth.
There should be a need for training courses for women to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It is, however, that a new consensus on the issue of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (which could be understood in order to set out the objectives of public policy, to establish priorities and guide markets, without prejudice to the fact that the market forces would not be unable to address the energy reduction of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “re””: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two Cougar Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered into the FIR of Nicosia, violating the airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, violating national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and overflew the occupied territory of the Republic of Cyprus, which has been able to be used in the context of the way.
There is a need for long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently, Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in the urgent conditions of peace, more complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Office in Geneva to discuss with the areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Pujalal (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to thank your delegation for having made an important part of the importance of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the agenda of the Council.
A ecosystem approach implies the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
The Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Any possible measures to reduce risks, particularly the political risks, which are to be involved in the sustainable management of forests in emerging economies;
More than the United States did not only have provided money to Iranian nationals after which nuclear weapons had shot a Iranian shipping aircraft over Iran.
Forming students in knowledge management, particularly on accounting
(b) Analysis of analysis and design of systems (Coption, which covers ICT issues, is a treaty in the module 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a common terrorist act, and Ariel Sharon, who have participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the killing of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the provision of conference services for the provision of official temporary assistance is expected to respond to the full implementation of the current audit requirements;
Paragraph 2 would be very close in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, paragraph 2, and would therefore be used in accordance with the provisions of the project in accordance with paragraph 2 (b) and would be followed by the options that are currently being included in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, which may be provided with a reference to regulatory changes.
A second term could be added to the French version.
The provision of definitions, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That that, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner where they have been released and, in addition, they have been released in conditions that ensure their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study revealed that the work of the Secretariat's administrative services does not provide full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt the most modern practices of such other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as a follow-up to the request made in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to ensure that all the two are fully and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperate with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are subject to any kind of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, on the date of April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, at its fifty-eighth session, and to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session, at its fifty-eighth session.
• It should be seriously seriously to dismantle the major mining companies carried out by the State, such as Lamamam and MIAA (Minister of Bakawanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and to strengthen the strengthening of those activities;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance is due primarily to the decision that had been taken not to purchase new high-scale generators, the generators available to be repaired through spare parts, and sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of action requested the granting of the family of protection and assistance as possible, and that the family is of different forms, which differ from cultural, political and social systems,
The Goorburg Group was concerned to address the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the role of which, inter alia, advise the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme of Programme for the Programme of Action established by Member States;
Capacity-building in the area of support of entities and planning entities (and private and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on those items and draft resolutions, and discussed at the 11th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission after six hours, and then returned to the Qasr Ninawa in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Internal Control informed the holding of the meeting and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
It should be recognized to recognize the importance of high-level services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who conduct an entity of the private sector or works, in some quality such as such a entity, to seek or accept any person or entity, in order to carry out or refrain from any person or entity, in order to carry out or refrain from any act or to refrain from any criminal, financial or trading operation, which cause harm to the entity's entity in question].
(j) Identifying, freeze and trace the funds of illicit origin derived from corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to be developed to the Convention take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (from 32) presented a “without measures”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of difficulty in which greater resources in the extremely complex field needs;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent human rights protection in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
Given the commitment of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, the States that have to make their full progress in the context of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forest forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forest, which are prejudicial to the rights and means of the existence of local populations (as highly discouraging in the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made by the Secretary-General that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities undertaken by the United Nations in Afghanistan in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter from 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is working to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador included five women in the embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Makvo (Ecuador) said that the most important amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which has been in the Congress at first reading and was held in the first reading.
Resolution 1436 (2003)
Decision No. 336, after the completion of the National Commission of Action against piracy and terrorism as a National Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The exchange of views in which they are followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
MUR African Energy Protection
Mr.
However, it may be necessary to take a number of factors, including the rules of organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of a agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR on the generosity of donors, especially Governments, to cover these needs.
The critical task remains to rectify the effects of recent violence and to address the current violations by developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the work of the Community would include a rich potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, on the basis of partnership principles, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29.24 Programme planning and budget planning are under the Division Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Fund Trust Fund for 31 December 2003 would be expected to amount to $757,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” reflects the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel.
For the exception of publications for sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the official documents of the list of the list hereunder may be accessed via the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXT = Lor Air Air (Egypt); NL = Lone-one Airwaysways (on by the Government of Liberia); Relief Relief Services Services Ltd.
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal abuse by the security forces, and others, and other non-conlications are detrimental to economic stabilization and cannot discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations must play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of weapons of weapons would be, according to the testimony received, acts of birth.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population.
However, the country offices are working to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - purposes and purposes
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of the programmes of action is among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and the practices of writers.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the bodies and institutions of the United Nations to develop and implement codes of conduct against any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations staff, providers of service services by the Organization and humanitarian agents, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their jurisdiction;
Calls upon States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research in order to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the session of 1990 on improving the effectiveness and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Ministers will seek further steps on all of the critical security issues.
It is also concerned about the same links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.1, A/58/375, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/6005/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600;
Encourages countries to submit, under the consideration of national reports, the Commission's consideration of the Commission's consideration of the progress made in the implementation, including the results achieved, challenges and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which prohibits trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to be undertaken include a assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in the implementation of the goals; the establishment and management of a information system and a transparent communication system and a transparent and transparent information system, as well as a report containing information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has enabled them to develop educational materials, train trainers and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training courses by trainers.
The total total amount of USD 2,432,044, in respect of the interest and amount of USD 1724,4,764,121 for the preparation of the files, claimed for the three instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the Committee, was USD 4792, 427,2782.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will make it to ensure that regional initiatives by various agencies or organizations are a result of synergy.
The Fifth Committee, which considered the status of the programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as outlined in the report, as outlined below, to the General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, as indicated below, in accordance with General Assembly resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, 1004,600; section 4, Disarmament, 2004,200; section 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
In the context of its assistance programme, the Government shall immediately provide adequate food assistance, food services and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempted to find a working work, with the provision of a vulnerable group of services.
In international cooperation, the Government is carrying out a complete review of its statistical centre and census, in order to improve the data collected and to provide a breakdown of sex.
There is more frequent literature, on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and examples of best practices in many of this contribution.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraphs 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it possible to reduce such jobs in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible in accordance with the Local Local Authorities Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in more pragmatic ways;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net resources in the country and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that has been started in Johannesburg on the issue of the conversion of debts in the epidemiology and sustainable development.
There were cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been delayed or cancelled because of the lack of quorum.
At the occasion of the Day of Human Rights, the Office of New York of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of the price on human rights.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 to the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
It reaffirmed that P&IF had supported the implementation of the instrument to the transport of the goods, and indicated that, if possible difficulties could be seen with a more limited system for multimodal transport, in particular in the guidelines on multimodal transport, including in the guidelines on multimodal transport, including in the guidelines of UNCTAD/ITC and in the letter of 12 OICON.
In response to a question concerning reasons for which the draft instrument should implement a non-acquisition rule, it had been reiterated that the first focus on this item was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Network for Youth for Youth prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5 under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
In line with the posts approved at 30 June 2003, the strength would be strengthened from 26 international staff and 74 General Service staff (Other level), 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-2, 3 P-2, 297 staff and 74 General Service (Other level), including 25 staff recruited in the country, including 25 national staff, and 18 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be attended by a Secretary-General (Other level (Other level) and a driver (the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Affairs, the Federal Office of Gender Equality and Men and the Swiss Conference of the Committee for Equality between Women and men, and is concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, p. 3.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with the IAEA to develop a standard in line with the process of development of IAEA security standards with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the Review Committee.
Option 3
In our very great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken a position to redeploy the United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, to enable them to fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Primary health care are also very difficult in a large number of countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations had been a setback.
Among these organizations, the National Women's National Forum is a body of dialogue and permanent dialogue, and a representative, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to the participation of women in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat sets out guidance for the legalization of such groups, training of their members for social organization and capacity-building in the departments of Chiimimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by the holding of a international symposium on the various aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested to benefit the consultative status with UNIDO: the World Bank of Classification (GEFZZ).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities should seriously consider the adoption of these measures and would make the case on the incident of “in-centcent”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to distribute the chairpersons of a model mechanism for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the African Union was the outcome of the joint vision of a united and strong United Nations region that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges that the continent and its peoples must face in the light of social, economic and political transformation that occur in the world.
They stressed that these institutions should resist efforts of some countries using such conditionalities to protect their interests.
They called upon the donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to the needs of the affected populations, without compromising the degree of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the media, and that it is the basis that it requires humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no foreign bank agency nor any bank station is not funds, financial assets or resources from individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support for this field and the regional commissions of the United Nations,
Convinced that the responsibility for road security is vested at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic debate (e.e. which will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Non-Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code under the Penal Code, to provide the Office of the Prevention of Money Laundering to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization of Dalit Counsellor on the Review of Review and the Proin-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-Charge of the United Nations High Commissioner's Fund.
It should be able to contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable management of land management and to bring a qualitative and quantitative improvement of land land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational policies, the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and religious leaders, as well as their history, vision of Euro-Atlantic, spiritual and values.
The end of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the impasse in which the Conference is currently the process of the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that that non-nuclear-weapon States are absolutely necessary for negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa (Canada) of 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be guaranteed by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow to allow the Conference in the event or to allow them at the outset of the obstacles to be addressed or because our sense of power of fear we are able to decline.
In the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team undertook dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively implemented the integration of the rights and protection of children in peacekeeping missions.
However, if a military service has been granted by a organization that applied the United Nations common system of 12 months after the term of service, the following number of months or days of the annual leave to be paid to the end of time of office, which is not only the number of months, or a few days or days of treatment that would have been paid to the end of time, or after the number of months, or days of treatment that would have been paid to be paid in a manner.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/379.
The international community in general, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only the claims for the completed instalments of 2 May 1990 or after this date is under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amount of compensation for compensation may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel identified the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the various locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims that had before it, in order to identify the area and the period of compensation for compensation (“the claim”).
Canada accepted the Chair for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the South Africa's mandate, 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will report the best practices of the recent planning activities and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly than the past, through strengthening the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new United Nations personnel for peacekeeping personnel (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of the deployment of the rapid deployment team will be at 90 days, after which they will return to their duty station.
A multi-ROM training conference entitled “Human Management Management” was recently completed and communicated to the short-term missions in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions was strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct should be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, as military, civilian or civilian police personnel, even if disciplinary procedures vary on staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address.
The lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is essential to identify productive activities for which it has a potential demand, including the start-time costs, which require the expertise of persons with disabilities.
It is also developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other party — when a person has been committed to the need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the studies of studies and interesting information, a participant highlighted the need to find a just environment between self-regulation and public law to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within the developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered as a result of several participants and was noted that ISAR could play a role.
New York University University of Business
University of Stungony
United Nations Decade for Human Development Education
In accordance with rule 15, the gaps identified were reported to the claimants in order to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Committee assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but it was not able to determine whether they had been little time before or after the date of the arms embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries from August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced in the activity of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been sensitive in support that he provided a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
At the same time, at 4 per cent of these companies are headed by women.
- The leaders and heads of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide their assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through terrorist financing or groups, in providing or indirectly to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or transactions on funds or other financial assets;
- The Convention signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, indicating that it performs its jurisdiction on the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case of article 7 (2) of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the Code of the United States Act (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
On the part of the Convention, the United Nations system, in its personal and collective capacity, in assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, the sense of which is not yet fully fulfilled its role, which had adopted a careful attitude.
A window for the Global Mechanism
The curfews continued, but they are not strict than 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998 attended experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention shall be guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, in the absence of such provisions, if the provisions of the Convention may be invoked in the case, courts and administrative authorities, and if they may give effect;
(a) Seven members chosen by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for reconstruction and the development of Djibouti”, which provides a overview of the needs of special economic assistance continues to be pursued.
As a result of the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not increase significantly in the gradual reduction of activities.
It is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its session 2002;
This figure, however, is attributable to the increase in the issue of the security situation of 11 September 2001, which resulted in some new resettlement countries to restrict their entry on their territory.
In 1998, many evidence were released to FBI on this matter.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical survey — the Government considered that a survey was necessary to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action on the basis of which it would require the extent of awareness-raising in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report did not mention that Italy had never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group to provide information or clarification.
The law of law enforcement officers in Brazil have followed training on the training of the National Training Centre on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(e) The proposed resolution also requires restrictions on the provision of equipment related to the list and activities of brokering.
To that end, it proposed to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or to impose the capital penalty or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was reported that, on specific cases mentioned in the report, it should impose the port of those during long periods, in cases of transfer of a prison, as a punishment, is a violation of the Standard Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this letter may be consulted on the web site, at the following table: http://www.adam.ch/ch/f/r/r.html (23 October 2002).
In terms of this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of the evidence of evidence by a member of the High Commissioner, a member of the High Commissioner, which is a person or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall be entitled to request a complaint, unless the defendant or any other person has established a request, unless the defendant or any other person has established its satisfaction that the funds were not used or used to be used in such effect.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the formal association of two persons, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic environment, Swiss nationals, and persons for their dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Territories of the Caribbean in the Caribbean are providing detailed information on all of the savings holders prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held a emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States had decided to draw the training of special social workers in the abuse of drugs.
Small island developing States have some years to deal with these two phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify national biological resources and to identify land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory or to be used to plan, organize or implement terrorist crimes or to do so, or to allow them, or to allow them, or to allow them, or to allow them, or to allow them, nor to use the national territory to do so in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the South Africa, and some mountainous areas in many countries are threatened by malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors valuable support to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards of protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical changes and much progress in which the nationalism of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, in the extent that the current disparities that some international staff may be more likely to be able to obtain such a administrative court.
In its part, the administration should follow up to the requests for consideration by the administration bodies of justice, which is required to do so.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gocooche (Cuba) said that it would like to clarify that it is to avoid the consensus that his delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhhed (Algeria) said that his delegation attaches particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind the Declaration of the World Summit on Food: five years after the Rome Declaration on 13 June 2002,
This summary has been prepared after consultation from other members of the Council.
Support and principles
It continues to congratulate the development of democracy in the Republic of China in Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, two co-sponsors of Taiwan Strait, will resolve its differences in peaceful way.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the General Assembly to include item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
From November 2002.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at making greater awareness to policymakers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by the United Nations system and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space and to improve the management of natural resources of the planet.
Viet Nam was committed to building a strong nation and society, equitable and democratic society, taking into place human rights at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After then the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all of the 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities also prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from the benefits of the use of the expression of expression of the followers of a Cyprus in which the Israeli troops were held.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are contained in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most-scale forest workers significantly affects the effect of the long-risk workers.
It is estimated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, a part of one of all, in the context of which it is, the challenge is to respond to the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations as well as effective and effective in the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work of Member States, in the direction of Member States, from 12 November 2007 that the Committee had established, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the existing agencies in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting to the meeting of 6 March will be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More than we do so we have to do so.
Is this does not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that arise on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
In first, it focuses on the quality and availability of health services.
According to 28523 women (19,3 per cent) to 143 teachers.
A few reproductive health goals included in the ninth Plan of Health and the Second Health Plan are presented below (Table 8).
Therefore, it is informed and educated the population until the family level of women, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information programmes, education and communication (I), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All of the existing sector institutions require tangible safeguards for loans.
The ASEAN Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never taken a challenge to this kind.
Liechtenstein welcomes this evolution and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the Government's joint efforts, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, storage and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of a convention on remote sensing, to ensure that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it has before two principles that they consider:
Rape was used in all impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terror the enemy population.
There is 10 years, violence against women was a matter of completely unfounded.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures taken to eliminate crimes committed against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a ombudsman or other monitoring mechanism in all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides an overview of the obligations of international human rights law to include transnational corporations in respect of respect for the right to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, even as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health services in many regions, a violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Georgian economy was somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt rate and a higher unemployment rate in 12 per cent (see official official).
As a result, the failure of the Secretary-General of Georgia's failure under Article 19, and even at least non-compliance with the commitments made in the three-year payment plans are due to the independent circumstances of its determination.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in a evaluation of offshore financial activities at the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the following interventions for 2003 and beyond the country's national health and development capacity, the strategic planning of the urban health sector, the strategic planning of the gender and youth strategy of the national strategy against HIV/AIDS and support for the development of the programmes of orphans who are respectful to be respectful of the most recent;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with satisfaction the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your leadership and effectiveness, which you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and, here, at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts to make a greater focus on TCDC in the framework of its work programme through using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Government of Brunei Darussalam, in cooperation and coordination with other United Nations peacekeeping agencies, is working with the countries of the region where the exchange of information and other transactions can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded during the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of crime and criminal justice”, was also considered in the plenary, to be held in a timely manner for the signature Conference, which will be held in Mr. Abda (Yuatanan) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
At the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Improving the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
Progressive development of principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.1510].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had further addressed general issues concerning the scope of the General Assembly (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the following conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are under way, in addition to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, provides an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its serious concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not have adequate resources to consider all activities of the United Nations.
The first report of the Executive Director of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/11) would inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the declining production of opium, from approximately 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided a number of replies (24,4 per cent), the Americas 207.9 per cent), Asia 328,88 per cent), the European Assembly (330 per cent) and Oceania 2.2 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, it was left that this opportunity would not be able to begin me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 public schools and four secondary education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative contained in section 35 (Cearch for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CLCP).
The border is therefore already determined, but further strengthened by resolution 1507 (2003) of the Security Council, which calls upon both parties to recognize and comply with the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lijanjan ( Pristina Pristina region) remained vacant, no separate candidate would not be submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovojeje, Lijanjan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), No. Brooo (the Gnjilane region) and Zvanan (Western Mitrovica region), were complained of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments for the fulfilment of the environment and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the work programme.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and a electronic forum on best practices concerning social and environmental responsibilities in the Internet, which is based on the basis of online information on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction, which is based on the basis of a online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); and the web site of the Global Mercury Network for Sustainable Development (2);
NEPAD is a comprehensive economic and political development programme of the continent, and it is that it should also be a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS in the global crisis, global action, which the General Assembly adopted by its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, in its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view to streamlining and efficient effectiveness and effectiveness of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their mechanisms for the promotion of human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international organizations and non-governmental organizations to report the measures they have taken to promote and implement human rights and the present resolution, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to the risk of different types;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly's adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for a timely implementation of the important negotiations on this matter;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exemptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the period of emergency,
United Nations Office for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including by working with international donors for the implementation of laws, to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the measures of the penitentiary regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to paragraph 2 of article 43 of the Convention, which includes the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at 10th, expressing the hope that this amendment will be able to effectively implement the new special measures related to the follow-up to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will continue to end the work of the Committee,
(g) To pay mutual assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or procedures concerning the offences referred to in paragraph 1 of article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for evidence of evidence, and that they are necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2 recommended by the representative of Cuba, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women have become more than men, the gap between the age, and that the status of older women in the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for expenditures incurred by their participation in a peacekeeping force.
It had been discussed in this connection with the Secretariat to ensure that, now, it would be able to provide detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had provided 46 aircraft in 2002 for the period 2002-2003: 22 helicopters and 2400 hours from theft and 24 aircraft and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaleoson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of judges had been established to enhance cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Ggg equivalent CO2
They are often involved in the maintenance of this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not able to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location where they are.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who were allegedly arrested in checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000 or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred in the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthe, who, thanks to their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796 million reflects the requirements of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technology;
In this regard, two Palestinians, including a 15--year boy, Mohammed Rabie Sabler, were killed.
Developments in peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, certain acts that are committed to the ordinary armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, among whom the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict is far far.
One member of Eastern European States;
Noting that, in fact, that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation,
It can be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because time will be required to modify the management of financial management and focus on products and outcomes rather than on inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, it had achieved the objectives set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may be used in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights of the Covenant are not adequately protected in that regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Defender.
He also commended the efforts of the State party to provide awareness of the results of its relationship with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including through possible consultation on their reports on the web site of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to reflect the concluding observations of the bodies.
In connection with general observation, it was suggested that the emphasis should be placed on gender equality and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access to the information of the public authorities or third parties to water, water supply services and the environment.
The operation of a peace soldier” has enabled to send peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon from 15 million seats at the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify its efforts to take measures to ensure confidence-building and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a series of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective spirit have emerged.
We will not meet the objectives that allow the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the dangers of mines, destroying the destruction of mines, by providing assistance to the victims, in facilitating their social reintegration and to bring new States to formally accede to the Convention and to accede to its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which constitutes a way to improve the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a summary of the evolution of the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some adjustments to the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is a person who commits or attempt to commit a person of such acts.
“bis bis.
If the murder is committed by the author, it has led to a vehicle in the course of the former summer, in the effect of drugs or medicines that have not been used or reduced in their mental capacity, it is that the death penalty, which is liable to be applied to the extent of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President of the Committee's recommendations on contracts for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) At Brazzaville, from 14 to 17 May 2003, from the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced that it is necessary to contribute to effective and coordinated efforts to address the challenge posed by the abduction of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to social security in the OGG's social service, young people who enter their training.
Social security of social security included in the system
The beneficiaries of the surviving spouses and the spouses or separate spouses, or the marriage was declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a way for a principle that should guide public policy.
(c) Management and resolution-making records for housing facilities, and measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements the central and self-sustainment agreements continue to perform their respective normative skills, which are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of conventions, which is funded in the proportion or equivalent to the amount of the amount of the system.
A solution may be to provide children, as well as the younger age, education and awareness-raising of gender equality in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improve the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case stems from general principles of the law of companies accepted by civilized nations and non-proliferation of customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case have led to the States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State for the Settlement of Disputes in the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes on Investment Cooperation between States and Nationals of other States.
The Barcelona Court
In the case of Peago Bay Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed that the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their national nationals, which had been entitled to be a company of a Portuguese-speaking company, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had been invoked only to establish the amount of reparation to grant.
A company may not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in exchange of its social service, its home or the location of which is controlled.
Ibid., p. 1.
“The Court takes note of the outset that the complainants did not complain from a violation of their rights as well as for the members of the Moclier, as well as to the General Assembly and voting.
Legal assistance to the widest possible extent is required, as the laws, treaties, agreements and relevant arrangements of the State Party shall be held in accordance with article [] of the State Party, in accordance with article [] [Responsibility of legal persons]
(c) The full or partial support of the value of this proceeds or such assets or funds from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the State Party.
]
A request by Ukraine.
The decisions that the General Assembly should take into consideration the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family relations and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these persons have somewhat changed in the recent aftermath of the recent conflict, some families could return their homes, resettlement of displaced persons remains a matter of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and in this area, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and studies
Publications
- aspects of the rights of contingent-owned troops in the context of the European Convention of Human Rights;
It was expressed about the view that there is external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/C.263) sent by Arias Arias, President of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report in response to the Secretary-General's report on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it is necessary to repeat the capacity of the Secretariat and to make all lessons learned from the work of the expert groups.
Needless to say that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spataata, who spoke with a view to the name of the European Union.
Given that I are also in the debate of today's human rights institutions in Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the role of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Case of third cycle in the University of the University of Sacac-C-Catman
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the beginning of Christmas, the Cocos and the Island Republic of the Congo, which would be transferred to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be held in detention centres pending their asylum applications;
In the light of signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have good hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the Conference.
As we have stated repeatedly, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for the international conference.
The Committee on the question of treaties has little progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made genuine progress.
In negotiations previously held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denkash, in the framework of a comprehensive package of action, had accepted the area of the Turkish Cypriot State.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to reflect the number of measures or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide more comprehensive information on the services to those women, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on persons or entities responsible for these efforts and actions in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the latter should be managed differently from those who are in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that the Organization had established internal oversight mechanisms that allow them to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to detect these munitions as soon as possible and to avoid them.
The proposed issues would be added to the list of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The Web site v.
The movement of indigenous people emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not extradited to any rule and seemed to be determined to reflect its intentions despite the international conviction.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall in the long-standing wall, which will have the Palestinian land and prevent the Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Stressing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and comply with diversity, and that education, in particular in school, should contribute to the promotion of tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable members of the General Assembly for the consideration and appraisal of the implementation of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations, to the special sessions of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator concerning the mechanisms of the assets of the deposits is easily attributable to the fact that the public organization is not owned as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a information collection system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization is to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nacar Carlos Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focalator of the international community's efforts to support the affected countries taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States themselves.
The legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities in the planning and management of disaster management, including to transfer military control to civilian control, responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Governing Council and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
It stressed that the total cost of the costs is a fundamental necessity for UNOPS activities.
They wished to have a high candidate.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
The Committee urges them to continue to recruit children as soldiers or, as well as, even with the participation of the armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of a joint radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the proposal of the Secretary-General that this pilot project is an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the United Nations System of Electronic Information System through the links to the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a further note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary that this continues.
It was noted that there could be much lessons from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention web site (www.o.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the basis of the draft agenda item on the basis of the draft agenda document, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movements and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour of Africa, Algeria, Argentina, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Finland, Germany, Germany, Germany, Mexico, Belgium, Japan, Japan, India, Canada, Peru, Peru, Peru, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the United Nations web site was published.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the vital role of the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Expert Group on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention had again been drawn on the need to provide uniform access to police and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products, based on forest resources, based on the assistance to countries in transition in the forestry sector (1); held at a web site on the meetings, including publications and information on activities related to the programme on chemicals (2);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information concerning trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among other things, the causes of children, ministries of the Government, the police, including the Central Bank for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Office of Minors, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For the meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, except by the parties; if the secretariats are not able to provide pre-session documents in all the relevant languages of their desire, they should, in exceptional circumstances, to submit provisionally provisionally, or in the appropriate summary of the relevant languages, in accordance with the deadlines established;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not have the expression “the official language”, [Reservations]] “A-GA/26/1), at its session of September 2000, it recalled the decision taken by the executive bodies in 1979 to that end “speaking” to be used as a working language in WIPO”.
Such a exercise could be carried out in the framework of a inventory of staff's language of staff that would be fully provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or the management of human resources.
It is also understood that the time frame of translation would be added to the time frame of implementation.
For example, the review of the review process of the United Nations Development Assistance Committee in order to ensure that trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general study programmes, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend stereotypical attitudes in the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education of children is a social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account the dropout and teenage pregnancies in national surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of the third periodic report on the subject of a period of 300 days imposed against the deceased woman or divorced sentence before it.
The Committee recommends that the State party take other measures to ensure that each can be able to reconcile family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote equitable understanding of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the banks on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500 million is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press press on the exchange of correspondence related to the country visits in Georgia in Georgia and the North Sandwich Islands, in which the following:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to this project were exposed to paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes the amount of USD 2,3009,922 for the work and materials that have been released on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457 674 in terms of guarantee that ANGG would be retained.
The evidence show that the work of the past of which are the result of the above-mentioned items (from 47 and 61) were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of Iraq's employees, because for the assets of projects were left without monitoring.
No other deduction was carried out after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities have never cancelled the part of the payment of fines (IQD 3488,000) that they had imposed the Consortium.
In short, the Committee expects the reports and recommendations, whenever it is possible, and to reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in connection with the follow-up to the major conferences and meetings of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in monitoring progress towards the various goals set out by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government committed to all efforts to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol is in force and to begin to implement the reductions of greenhouse gases,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to request whether a more-time review would not be sufficient.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It is therefore to provide the Committee the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There is no justification for such a way that it is not tolerated that such smuggling, which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of the ocean and protection resources and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it should be pointed out by the Secretary-General in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if the goals could be achieved, by 2015, by 2015, we maintain and increase the momentum of these three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than eradication of poverty.
A death in suspicious circumstances that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Sarajevo detention camp, in which the Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has started in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration is expected to be held at the beginning of January in order to allow the two divisions in the area as well as the list of 2,000 troops and officers to participate in the operation, two times as at the pilot phases of Kambia and Lzzz.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004 at the time of the summer of 2004 in the north of the country, in the north of the country, would be subject to ISAF command.
The activities for which core core resources should be made include:
UNIFEM strategies
A 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/11/7); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Expert Survey on Women and Women's Fund in Peace-building (UNIFEM), 2002); a minute to lose to the end of violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel finds that the illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
In the same time, the United Nations assistance agencies are currently currently five regional-to-day regional offices (as of Nimba), Vumuama (comed of Maryland) and Zwedru (comed of Grand Geeh) on which they provide humanitarian assistance in the country.
Charles Taylor had exercised its control on all-scale industries, lawful or illicit, in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Muslim groups would be to improve the economic situation, opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially from the opposition of freedom and democracy, but also in the efforts of the law, and to the fact that the fact that the latter is not lost by the fact that they had been able to have been left from many young people.
It would now have before it, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1191 mosques in operation, including 840 were able to re-establish and $1,099 in order.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set out and to carry out the expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) Member States of ESCWA will continue to provide adequate infrastructure and technology applications to facilitate the creation of networks and linkages; (b) States members will work to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance; the Shari has been fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular ways to establish a combination of a variety of blood and the search for the ground, because the practice of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the University of Law, the new Institute of the United States (United States) and the detection of the College of London, the Musumum of natural history has continued to assess the technical analysis of in situ-to-date techniques in the course of which it has been able to obtain the case.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the rehabilitation of the seizure system, in its system-making system, and its elements of guidance, navigation and control, to be necessary to ensure the effective security system and unpredictable.
At the same two of these cases (a.e. a Ekranran and the Inter-mail of a bomba) has occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding number of items did not have been identified, which means that their or outside them are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment taken by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the session of UNCTAD held in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather interrelated.
• Regional security matters;
The minimum requirements for medical treatment attended by drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports of previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter of participants to distribute the members of the working group.
With regard to the development of content, the focus is based on the design of products and services in the languages, and with the presentations that provide the dissemination and use of the use of radio and users.
• In order to extend its work, the regional information centre will work closely with the offices of the resident offices in the country where there can be a range of partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as associations for United Nations.
The phase 2 has taken a end to 4 February 2002 with the entry of the new multilingual system, which are fully equipped with the ecosystem-based management of the environmental environment, in order to enable users to choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing the custody, the duration of the custody and access to a lawyer during the case.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Commission on Human Rights to operate, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities for the purpose of continuing the perpetrators of such trafficking, as well as more accurate information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements for the biennial programme budget are fully consistent with the questionnaire of the four-year questionnaire.
Ms. Shinman would like to congratulate Mexico for organizing in 1975 the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Thus, UNISPACE III had focused on:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance, it should be noted in particular the financing of the United Republic of Tanzania for the United Republic of Tanzania on the effectiveness of aid and global governance; contributions by donors to the Forum on Governance in Africa, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced a further debt relief and, in the absence of reservations of the HIPC Fund, some of which had decided to increase their contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced that the debt cancellation of LDCs and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General of his briefing.
Relations in Jakarta are standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor seemed to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that, as a result of the Secretary-General, the sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of Timor-Leste to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed directly on the web and archoration of a test on the basis at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity that has made reference to the Turkish representative is only one — or I are here here on the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local community of Turkey, and nothing of others.
The European Free Space Network is also organizing each year, in New York, in Italy, the World Trade Initiative, a event for the world's universal and sports-based association, which meets artists and tor non-traditional and non-traditional and non-traditional associations of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on “Combating the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all two staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the same party may be eligible for children to pay the provisions of the provisions under subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, the other may not affect provisions under subparagraph (iii) (iii) of the same conditions;
The review of this issue has resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants at the meeting would also have to focus on such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East contained by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000,
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls and the violations of their rights, all of which are often being aware of the right to education, social, social and economic rights and, as well as violence and practices, as well as violence and practices, as well as the violence, incest, early marriage, the pre-trial selection of the sex and female genital mutilation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for promotion and protection of the rights of children, and mindful of the importance of optional protocols to the Convention, which covers children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges them to implement them;
Convinced that a collective action will make better results, it considers that all nations that are able to do so to contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the outcome of the high-level group of eminent personalities on the reform of the United Nations but, in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in the mandates of peacekeeping and, where appropriate, are included.
See, in general, Bron Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Brief Framework, Eltre Öyer (d.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at a later date, as possible as possible to the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Commission, in accordance with section III of the report of the Commission, in chapter III of the report of the Commission, to be particularly interesting for the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in the first two reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration are a appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation would wish to make a statement, the First Committee will take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in 2003, in the limits of available resources, at least one session of a period of 10 days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A outcome of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is to establish a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the outcome of the industries and the emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that it has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, peace, today — is a historic event and that the international community must promote reconstruction and we are in our time.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, with the view that, although China did not accede to the Convention, this does not prevent and cooperate with the signatory countries.
Of over 250 people who have found death in circumstances related to war since 1989, at least half of ex-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In cases of a violation of the rights of women in some kind, the person concerned the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In 1999, several non-governmental organizations have devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, which, in particular, the low value of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as in the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the nature of public infrastructure infrastructure outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always been able to reverse the indictment that it did not meet the mandate of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging that, in accordance with the commitment to complete phase II of the arms eradication plan before 24 December 2002, such as the Plan of Action for carrying out the collection of weapons has been adopted at the meeting of Pristina on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions on the question, including the latest resolution of resolution 57/21 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by a international organization, in the framework of its expertise and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the same time, we believe that we need to act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist in the better role of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo through the United Nations, through the United Nations, providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the actions undertaken by the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the United Nations conferences and summits held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more likely than that others in violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Africa Division
Fourteen countries have benefited from more than 4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola is to address certain humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, starting by the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly vulnerable to develop and strengthen the Central Bougainville's technical capacity in the position of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Lao People's Army, the Serb forces have taken control of certain parts of the Sanonia and Eastern Slavonia, beginning the territories in the territory of a single State, the “Ombudsman municipality municipality Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important component of sustainable development to be a ecological problem.
This cooperation enables individuals and companies in developing countries and to attract national and foreign investment for strengthening and modernization of production capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing of developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all the wrongness of the ill-treatment and the well-known campaigns aimed at incitement to the Arabs and Muslims in the identification of them as terrorists.
There are, however, the discussions that took place before the war and to continue to remain controversial, a bad problem on the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is in its entirety to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council is more visible and more relevant for ordinary people.
Stresses the need for a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create conditions for durable peace and respect for human rights.
With regard to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future future events would have to be commended.
The review process was not an renegotiation of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that the overall policy indicators, which is at the national level or international level, were more difficult to define indicators for concrete results such as some of technical assistance.
In the context of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should receive adequate attention.
The errors of this type in the report, which could seem to be rigid, were indeed a serious and fundamental reality if it was in a political context.
It would be tried to draw the representative of the representative that, if there were no historical history that he wished to be able to be able to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were ex-combatants, with political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect to 1 January 2004
The assistance provided to developing countries within the framework of their multilateral trade negotiations is a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200/200 of 15 December 1998.
As also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, the members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of the first strategic and non-governmental associations.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions were carried out with or from natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Assistance Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies, gender equality and a climate conducive to investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and is essential to the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 35,555 in July 2004 to 2.4 in June 2005.
The report of the report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on the various and a multisectoral approach is productive.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions and future peacekeeping missions shall be given to the same attainable, without discrimination, for the financial and administrative arrangements;
Members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), President, and Mr. V. Mr. Vvvich (Belarus), Vice-President/Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceedings
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council in the peace process.
The provision of 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General appointed the Executive Director of the Division for Programme Development and Technical Cooperation to further enhance the evaluation and develop indicators of performance.
Before the conclusion of such a system in other integrated programmes and to adopt such a combined approach as a model methodology of UNIDO, the framework of indicators is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The Panel's claim on six contracts with INCAT for the sale of the articles for the sale of the goods to Iraq.
Although the basis of these comparisons is not ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements that UNIDO has a disproportionate responsibility on the fact that it operates all the buildings buildings of the VIC.
NEPAD promotes the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly clear to the late formulation of a reservation and that, therefore, the restrictions adopted in the last case, “draft 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be applied to the case of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the practice, including the practice, including
The draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the practice of practice.
When air sites are properly stored, the risk of oil-related equipment is not destroyed.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or administrative bodies taken into account to implement the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of weapons are subject to the replies to questions on 22 and 23 and any other activities that such procedures are considered as an offence under the applicable criminal law applicable to this case.
Space space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): On 11 years, the General Assembly adopted annually of the resolutions calling upon all countries to comply with the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which affect the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction, and to freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues to remain indifferent to any political process and continues to deny the Cuban people's most fundamental rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The assignment of assets would be used to change the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they have raised questions relating to the activities carried out in these sites, the type of medicine and the names of the main main officials, and asked that the development structure of the organization and the names of the main responsible are imported and distributed, and that changes were produced during the four years.
An average rate of 24 per cent and an average rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the Tribunal's budget (see para. 54).
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice with regard to the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a comprehensive proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate protection for persons who are responsible for a strike or participate, as the movement is organized in respect of legality.
Equality of access to higher public education provides for the possibility of the primary school to continue their studies in order to obtain good results in the secondary level.
Outcome, such as land erosion and the termination of illicit species and plants in some sectors (for biota, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, through which the current level of poverty is likely to maintain.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (for minimum minimum), the insured person who have paid children at least 20 years are entitled to take retirement to the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 189, annex.
The European Union underlines the importance of rapid deployment of the force-based force of the international stabilization force.
Have you met with the problems related to the presentation of names and information information on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Elimination of Crimes of War and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be required, in this case, to comply with the same provisions of the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have the safeguards set out at the international level for the protection of children, but they remain without progress.
This approach should be re-established by the Security Council, because it is indivisible, a year of music and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and the agreement agreed.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and nationals of States from third States reported since 2 August 1990,
(a) The principle of gender equality will be applied.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme is therefore a absolute necessity and has just been made.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered a number of claims concerning industrial or commercial losses that claimants claims to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) Any amount of USD 2,179,9,833 per cent of commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, including the review will be entrusted to the “E4” Panel in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to promote the widest broad acceptance of the right to development and the realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate necessary measures and to establish necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of peace agreements
That is why the next Government must be comprehensive on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and activists of human rights, whose dedication and courage are the foundation of reform.
There are still no comprehensive definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
The reference to international organizations has motivated the inclusion, in subparagraph 1 (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the definition of the Convention,
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the pre-project and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider the new priorities, it should be expected to identify existing activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that has established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of Kenya which regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Budget and Finance Committee, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring and respect for human rights, universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and set out in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, in its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Recher national training on space debris, the safety of space objects for nuclear energy sources” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.26/85/Add.5 and Corr.1).
The object of space objects: the satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement them, as well as comprehensive human rights programmes and vigilance to promote transparency and prevent funds acquired in illicit transactions;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the country concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global environmental system on the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a cooperative mechanism and inter-agency coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap between the Sub-Committee of the oceans and coastal zones.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law on the world.
The results of the project, including the specific recommendations on the minimization of the risks of biodiversity resulting from mining activities, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the cost of the minimum base base, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to the level of staff to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no change would be made in the immediate period.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, central services and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of the Valle delaa, who had made to Tokelau to support the movement of the cotton community.
It is a matter of reference to the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, including trafficking in persons with criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term reduction of poverty.
The experience of the United Nations has shown that in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is set up and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, it is necessary to implement disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, to combat trafficking in arms, in particular small arms and light weapons to the return of refugees and displaced persons in their countries and promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make a few remarks, and first comment on developments in the course of our Council.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts in order to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a situation of conflict.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on these conflicts.
We firmly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must benefit the full confidence and support of the international community.
It also stressed the fact that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network demonstrated how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of the challenge.
Guidelines for Heads of Heads of Youth Network
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) (a) of this article, that a Party may choose to establish appropriate procedures to be taken and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or arrest, or to be based on such a decision to seek their own authorities to be a decision of freezing or seizure.
Governments have resorted to the law on security in order to justify some information concerning human rights and to try reprisals against defenders.
The impact of the impact: Several Parties provided a estimate of the effects of different policies concerning the transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Spain, France, Italy, Norway, Norway, Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures that are more widely than the only fight against climate change: the most commonly recognized policies in the agriculture sector are covered by this category.
The policies and measures to combat the emissions of P44 from the road and the increase of the number of livestock, in the light of the decline in the number of livestock and research programmes, to address the ways of reducing the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The special session of 2003 on the budget budget of UNICEF will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which covers renewable energy sources should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In the light of the case as a real example of the Internet, such as a real position or “or the Internet”, such as the delay of transmission and treatment of the information reported by any reality, or in any case of the author's claim.
All countries who are able to make some of the economic functions in a common manner to focus on the fact that the coordination of the function is based within the company or between several companies.
Many measures that have been conducted in recent years were not impossible without progress in the concepts of concepts and definitions through practitioners of the OECD Working Group on Indicators for Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources for each of the chapters considered during the previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has declined in the past two years, although it is less than other countries in the region of West Africa where the rate of 5 per cent of 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I would like to recall the guidance that we are committed to the establishment of Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that, among the priorities, the freedom of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The ambitions of hegemony imposed more than small countries in the region of the region's failure to obtain high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis will begin to begin with the assistance of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table is not reflected in caution, such as type of sources, it should be used to be used to be used in a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons;
Decides to continue its consideration of the item at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it is in the world”.
We also welcome Mr. Jacques Klein for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but it would like to consider the issue of final status in a immediate manner.
In particular, it should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, it remains still much working to do so.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form can destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building of the United Nations would be occupied by a contract of rent to the end of the term that it would become the construction of the construction and the ground on which it would be established;
Decides to consider further consideration of conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review of the Security Council on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
It is increasingly increasingly committed to submit reports on the effects they may have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the five remaining reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity that have significantly evolved in recent years is the establishment of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “sexual offences against individual freedom”, provides that any person who deprive persons deprived of their liberty, or to the use of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the penalty imposed in the case of two six years of imprisonment.
Different regulations and laws apply to each of the elements of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose name is not subject to the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not affect investigations or actions.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for the Peace of Spier, on the strengthening of the camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa with a wide range of civil society and the Government of Israel; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the United Nations military military component was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had been granted to leave the area of the Mission to date in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources of the country, approximately 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebels;
10
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to sharing the responsibility to reduce social and ecological vulnerability in the region (b.e. the main level and to promote democracy and good governance, to strengthen the process of decentralization, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (the permanent objective) with special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the period under review, the Council considered many important issues for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, in Oceania and in particular in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, in the south-east and a lesser extent in the west of the country were threats.
They called on the expansion of the Security Council in order to recover its legitimacy, as a representative of the global geopolitical history and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you addressed to the President of Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request submitted by Judge Navanheme Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain a extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until it was being completed in the case of the media, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of gender mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and meetings of the Summit, and reaffirming its commitment to support progress in the work of the United Nations,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session will be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee decided to act on the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Oar said that the concern of the Committee on the rise of the age of marriage for the reunification of families is a consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether there was special measures, such as provisions relating to the custody of children and separate classes, to encourage immigrants to follow up in Danish studies.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although in many different areas, corruption, the constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts, ethnic conflict, and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to work on the establishment of programmes aimed at promoting the development of economic activities and sustainable enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
The Secretary-General of the United Nations
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of reports of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, methodologies and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously provided instruction to the State of Karnataka to leave the country on the father's father on the father.
The technology had a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the field of geographic information systems, and other purposes, to enable understanding and to ensure that the challenges and challenges in geographical space, and to facilitate the participation of public and disaster-raising efforts in the field of geographical space, and facilitate the participation of public participation in the field of education and preparedness.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give this pleasure to take the words that, I am convinced, we wish to hear all: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last year to a number of bilateral consultations, selected or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, policies faced by cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but was also being subjected to action undertaken by developing countries, with efforts and significant resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has undertaken several discussions and open consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students would be able to obtain the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector is the increase in life expectancy of all Guatemalians, reducing disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality care, and guarantee health services provided to affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on the remedies of justice, including a draft legislation that provides the perpetrators to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, acting in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to better improve their common goals;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their findings, the participants highlighted the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The programme of education is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations working with various ministries and government departments concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from experience and lessons learned.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it had joined with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department is proposing that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 of 57 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the mass insolvency
(a) Common sharing of information between bodies responsible to comply with the laws in sensitive areas or border areas; activities of border control and customs control;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The National Audit Board oversees the economic activity of the State institutions, the use and preservation of the State's funds by the central and local government bodies, and the economic activities of the State whose State more than half of the share or actions (art.
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council on 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the Chairman of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is annexed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also ensure the follow-up to operational, financial and personal issues for MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Miles”.
Those who have established and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded with 27 States in bilateral extradition treaties, which included the terrorist acts defined as criminal offences, and reported that more than 450 suspects had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on drafting legislative guides, with the United States of American States to support the Agency's activities to Haiti, and with OSCE.
Communications campaigns
The Office of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed proposal for the centre.
This meeting offered an opportunity to exchange views between officials of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as several meetings outside outside the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that have been made available by the Office of the Spokesperson for press points, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who are forced or others to livestock, without authorization from its owners, or to the same of their own communities, or to the other people of the people of the Congo, are subject to a penalty of 6 to 18 months.
The vacancy rate of posts for the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5 16, 19 and 22), have been higher than the budgeted rates of the budget, which was in particular due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, and temporary appointments for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
In the context of the Penal Code, the “di” of the Criminal Code” is intended to request a third party to carry out an act, which is not in self-defence.
It is, in the form of Switzerland, many criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence and ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the award of housing, including the award of the conversion of matrimonial housing and the prohibitions of contact, harassment and disposal, also the provision of the conversion of matrimonial housing and the prohibitions of contact, harassment and disposal, also a general right to the award of matrimonial housing if violent acts were committed.
This is applicable only if the person has been provided to the Federal Service of Employment, before receiving maternity allowances or to begin to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been compromised.
• In addition to the growing number of divorces, women may not exceed the pension pension;
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government's Plan of Action provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in re-establish the criminal statistics of police and to carry out a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the second World Congress against Sexual Exploitation of Children in the context of December 2001 in Yokohama, it has become clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems that had been made in the sexual exploitation of children and that many measures were taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- offenders - which are different to be adopted;
6.4 Judicial judicial procedures to the German Bar who committed sexual violence abroad
The regulations prior to the right of custody and the right to visit to the right of the parents did not grant the right to the parents.
• For the municipal activities of the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (SSS)
- For all of the law of land and local authorities, as well as all other legal persons submitted to the supervision of the State's right to the Promotion of Women (SächFFFG) in the date of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the MDH/GVB) p.
Social assistance, commitment
Gichichbe Is denungchchustttttttttttttungungung der dergchichich, Istener denigung von Vuuu de Mnnngumttlllungwwc
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as it was said, in the Declaration of the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question that we consider the fragility of the situation and the importance of a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Rule 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the past two years, the debate, at the forefront of the annual theme, would focus on the introductory statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should enable them to trace and control weapons holders.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibz Chambas
In addition, the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic of which the members of international organizations are not excluded.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not be able to do so and that we will have the political will to continue to proceed, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields and related areas” (A/58/359).
The policy plan and national strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to join local governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road security policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a ad hoc working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the Council's attention or to be brief.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with respect to the end of war and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community may not be able to invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, however, must be made to make the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they may use external intervention to assist them to resolve their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore to peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect students against violence, tangible damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish mechanisms for complaints to children, and to ensure thorough investigations on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is in the process of reviewing the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism to follow up the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-President, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to a armed conflict, marks and destroyed the explosive remnants of war in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the area of law and competition policy, and in particular the commitment to the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awami
The deployment of UNOCI is conducted in a satisfactory manner, a first of 26 liaison officers arrived at Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy of communication is being developed in preparing the World Summit on Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a particularly interesting experience and rich lessons to be able to confirm the positive results and avoid failures that would not recur in the future.
The work started in May 2000 and the document was distributed at the month of November: the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Germany, Finland*, Cameroon*, Canada, Germany, Finland*, Greece*, Peru, Romania*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Greece*, Poland*, Greece*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Poland*, Poland*, Romania*, Romania*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, San Marino*, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia*, Russian Federation, Sweden*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties that have been entitled “the failure to cease the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines, which kill or maim hundreds of persons each week, in most of the innocent civilians and without self-defence, in particular children, have impeded the return and reconstruction of refugees and displaced persons in the Territory, and other serious consequences during the years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonkidzeidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the whole of the secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It is in this context that the close relationship between the air defence systems and small arms systems were discussed.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with the bodies and international institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international investment fund in the objective of providing assistance, both as long as long-term, for the recovery of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We took note of the appeal launched by the Secretary-General for a re-engineering of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realism of action.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies of some countries had not been reduced in a radical manner.
I am firmly convinced that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of the opinion that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any country of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖZZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the European Group of Eastern European States, said that the group was conducive to this idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral declarations of the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally linked to reservations from the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if the present meeting is already the last of you, I think that you is the first time that I take the floor on your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, in the context of human resources and institutions, to find them with solutions to their problems;
The Commission shall examine and approve the financial statements and reports of such statements to the Committee on the Budget and Finance Committee, accompanied by the Committee's comments.
Members of the Council also have before it document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to stress that the current level of aid is inadequate.
In our view, it is important that national mine-clearance strategies have been established in order to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short-term priorities, medium-term and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese Government of Mine Demining, and established the United Arab Emirates and the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Action Centre in Lebanon.
We can achieve a protocol that would be provided in annex to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of the country, while we help to eliminate the former mines, which, as new, destroy the lives and property of the country to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
At the month of June 2003, pledges for the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated amount of overall expenditure is approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention programmes, treatment, care and support.
Country offices
The provision of credit, a similar definition to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
When considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of children's rights), 115 (E eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Insolvency right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights rights), the Commission will provide a dialogue between members and rapporteurs and representatives of the Special Rapporteur to report their activities.
The world today is now approximately 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that establishes the need to respect human rights, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee concurs with this decision and set out on 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the late instalment of the “C” claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women is taking into account the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a arbitrary and dangerous nature.
Why are the agencies themselves engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “Programme for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1997 entitled “Development for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Human economic measures for the implementation of preventive and coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “United Nations resolution II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The development and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue should take into account the fact that there is no only, in reality, to achieve democracy.
By the statement, the Secretary-General claimed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should be devoted to the universal organization and not simply one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the commemoration of the International Decade for the Promotion of Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World's Children, which is a strong foundation for the solidarity of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after which is renewed to eliminate hunger,
Stressing the need to operate on the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export income, thereby facilitating sustainable economic growth and integration in the world economy,
As a result, I appointed Mr. Parker Judge Permanent Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for the Former Yugoslavia to be held from 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, to be held until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional arms control agreements, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break the impasse in which it is in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Detention of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Diplomacy, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Detention.
Its impact will go beyond borders and is why international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into the facts.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, the amount of $1,12 million will be funded from the net balance of the annual review of the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will examine two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all matters relating to employment of women.
The use of these findings would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchange between limited groups of industrialized countries, developing countries and countries in transition.
It also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the CITAP, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) concerning national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers more appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi that would help to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen efforts in the national plan with the efforts undertaken at the international level.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, in practice, the Internet has not been a unique tool to promote human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet did not only have positive implications on human rights, which explains the current debate on new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on the principles of guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Costonton); Mr. Jagdhguez, Director of the Central Bank for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oopenogo, Director of the Central American Dialogue for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedogo, League of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating crime crime
Moreover, it is not clear that macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required in the context of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
This is why we continue to consider further solutions to increase the rapid financial liquidity when it is necessary, including the temporary assistance of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty will be held over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council serving annually annually, is now the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan is obliged to recognize that women constitute a major part of the population that they are working and should therefore be able to implement and continue to administer services to the specific needs of women and men.
This is attributable mainly to the development of primary education and the fact that school schools will be able to improve their students.
National multisectoral teams have been responsible to combat the threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another study on the participation of women in their financial decisions, 27 per cent of female women reported that they had not participated in the decision-making process, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of the public sector of a large number of countries, with advice to the request for the reform of public service.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established responsibility for Iraq for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Committee considers that it is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General, paragraph 79 of the report of E2(11 covers and in paragraph 89 of the report of E2(13).
Report E2(3), paragraph 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom concerning the achievement and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who committed terrorist acts, even if these acts are considered as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just recall that the situation in Iraq is a challenge of challenges that are still difficult and that we call on all, to speak here and now to the international community, and we call upon the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to thank my Government, to renew its deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety to find the answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other mechanisms for coordination of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 per cent in Madrid and 4 months and a half of practice in practice in developing countries, a assessment phase in Madrid is also provided.
These groups are the young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations as well as over 45 years, the number of unemployed persons in the age of the new contract.
In the age of 25-29 years, the daily consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement in the situation, however, is less marked in women (37, 5 per cent of the long-term unemployed-time unemployed (e.e. between men (55 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and the most more than more than more than the world and most than the world.
This meeting is the first official meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full number of challenges I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We join all initiatives aimed at ensuring compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in non-negotiable areas.
Activities for follow-up to the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (in total of 2300 kilometres square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United States accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Data for Analysis and Evaluation of feasibility studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as the thematic initiatives that the latter has taken into particular, including trade facilitation, rural development for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the business industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural factors, individual and social, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, has aggravated the problem of the use of synthetic drugs at the global level,
In view of the essence of the title of the item, the Commission decided to continue to be considered as a matter of work that the topic on “s activities” and to release any formal changes under this heading.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the requirements (before recosting): $34,500 dollars (before recosting): $1,744,200)
The Commission requested the Government to report to amend the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws, in order to include the principle enshrined in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior government officials, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of significant benefits to the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has risen almost almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers for Defence and Security in September should finalize the establishment of the Government of National Reconciliation and to eliminate a significant obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the Government of the Government.
Beyond what we understand, we have faced these threats, a collective responsibility, to return unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on the adjustments to the “Sack-for-food” programme, which would provide the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be considered by my authorities and we agree with the right to express our views on the programme as soon as this analysis.
If a Party considered the need for assistance for the use of methyl bromide in order to stabilize the items, it could be noted to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work through consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All operations of operations should be held on the basis of which they are planned, exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism has been established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide Parties Parties in paragraph 1 of the Kyoto and Technical cooperation, in order to enable them to ensure compliance with the regulatory measures set out in articles 2A to 2 of the Montreal Protocol and other provisions of regulation 2 to 2 above in accordance with article 5 bis of the Protocol.
Aliens enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that, in addition to the telephone, the telephone and postal services.
(3) The State party seeks to carry out a interim measure or protection, promptly when the State court of any cancellation, suspension or amendment.
Proposals to improve the wording of the text in square brackets were made, including the court's jurisdiction may suspend the process of execution until the parties had had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and more visible role in support of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information for information, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and the required investments to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, - or to create such capacities — could require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is to be provided in the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court to deal with disputes on the contract in question does not apply to the request of the services provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Proceedings
It is estimated that the calculations were made on a rate of exchange rate between $899 to 1 United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, for subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Warda reported on the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (S/1999 2003): Professor, Mr. Robert F. Kennedy for association with Professor Philip Hanmanman on the basis of a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8 November 2002
8 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “peace change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the implementation of the activities referred to in article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to that decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in annex 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also took note with appreciation of the financial assistance and other that had been made to the programme of the Government of Austria, the Hyy Church and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metia, the Swedish National Statistics Office and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there are a large number of people infected with the virus.
This project has focused on the Director-General's Steering Committee, as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use could be made in the debate of the General Assembly in the plenary of the issues discussed by the two commissions;
This important work has been possible, among other things, to improve and perseverance the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the case of dissolution of the marriage after the use of the author, the woman is entitled to work on the duration of the case of the case, as a result of the termination of the case of the case, which is to be paid by the end of the end of the incident, which is subject to the provisions reached between the two parties concerning the amount and modalities of compensation.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget in the years of 1993 to 1997/98:
The Office of Social Affairs are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conduct inspections to verify that these institutions comply with the regulations.
The State of Kuwait would like to recall that its constitution, in many of its provisions, made equality of the pillars of the Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking the dignity of human rights, rights and duties.
Effective management will also enhance recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
The National Police Coordinator against Children, 1998
Counsellor for the development of a programme for social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Malhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of the Parties, as it requires, on its programmes, and in the light of its legislative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
If the status quo fails to express any opportunity, freedom and the development of those who have hunger and living in despair, the temptation of lawlessness and extremism, as a means of building change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tznv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties that will be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishitqq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in promoting and protecting human rights and that they should strengthen universal norms in the field, which are set out in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In cases where a special debate would be decided, the theme should be made to the human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This issue should not happen.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations on the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution to the first time of resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i), (ii), (ii), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, in the light of the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
As at the centre of East Timor in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for the purpose of the land and development of the land and development land.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked to the State Party to conduct a national survey on health and to consider the findings in the periodic report.
Consequently, the duty of the right to protect it is also the world.
- A series of the two sites through appropriate means (c.g. or irony);
Some observers have made a significant increase in the demand for the demand for the United States that the United States control the oil wells.
It is essential to draw new guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by providing a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros who have allowed the work of the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are responsible for UNICEF staff (at half of women), including a woman in service.
If these conditions are fulfilled, the purposes and objectives approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of a supplementary office in Brussels has not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of JIU's report, the Secretariat has closely aligned the objectives set out by the Organization in 1990 for gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
In the same time, States members of the Commission are constantly continuously and always of the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on standards and principles of international law and cannot be seen to combat any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demth consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227 of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed topics for the high-level segment and the debate on coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan has brought the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these items reflect the determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, and in accordance with the recommendations made by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, and in accordance with the recommendations made by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, in accordance with paragraph 8 (a), and (c) and (c) of the present paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 10 (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in order to carry out the tasks entrusted to it in subparagraph (d);
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group is contained in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have no impact.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Bureau, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international agencies associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Commission on Political Affairs and Decolonization (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Pearch of action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of the commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote as representatives of States participating;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council took its concern to the continuing economic factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these problems and cross-border and cross-border problems, focusing on a better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of political contacts between the parties and their request to normalize relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government shall submit for all draft laws.
It should be hoped that it would be able to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, especially as the document in 1991 to the World Summit on Children and the Final Document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held in 2002, explicitly referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the enrolment rate.
In order to avoid such a incident, it is imperative for States parties to present to the present session.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it has done so, and to provide firm support to address humanitarian challenges and development of the border.
It may acquire or acquire real property or assets in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting held three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incidents, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 by the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what the indicators of better treatment, which will necessarily involve different aspects of the right to health, and in the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that the pre-trial detention of a person detained or detained may be treated as acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of their liberty under laws and authority of the State and who are detained in prison, a hospital, a psychiatric hospital in particular — a prison camp, a centre of recovery or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its effects.
Thirty-eighth session*
(d) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) To raise awareness of the public community's awareness-raising programmes on the situation of the victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report the measures taken to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular, and sexual health and reproductive health in general.
For example, in article V stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in general, moral, spiritual, cultural, cultural or social rights and that most of the children's rights, far from outside outside outside the local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, with the latest meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by the Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, by which they have committed to the eradication of extreme poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world population whose income is less than a dollar and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government was limited to six years of work granted to foreign workers, to ensure that more than Bermudaians are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights norms, particularly in relation to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on the basis of all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without a vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Sigergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat crime-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, he invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean States to participate in the regional meeting of the National Drug Traffic Control Programme, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources necessary for the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation contained in this regard (see annex VII) and reported that the Committee could take action on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decisions at its first meeting:
A alternate or a adviser may act as a representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and amendments under the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explanation of the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
It stated that its organization supported the activities of awareness-raising and capacity-building in the field of persistent organic pollutants, among which the draft identification and quantification of the industry, which had enabled a exchange of best practices on the management of organic organic pollutants, which had been held in Brazil, China and India; other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates dozens of dozens of the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries that have been applied to the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable overstatement.
The report noted that the comparative studies of the problem is more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal in the Journal room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA staff and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive Director of the Commission, visited the Chairman, to discuss the President of the Secretary-General, to discuss the President of the Secretary-General, to discuss the members of the Secretary-General to discuss the logistical arrangements and resettlement of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The Agenda website 21 for Sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cp/reports_enen.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities for strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is a result of this year in Doha where the major countries between trade exchanges had refused to grant concessions to development issues.
Switzerland attaches a priority priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without exception.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army led to a new deterioration of economic and economic indicators and unemployment among the Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be necessary to cover the payment of insurance fees if the payment period is performed by the Secretary-General, on the basis that the Secretary-General will request the proposed budget for each biennium of the financial period for the purpose of the period, in order to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, it must also take strict measures to address the problems of social and human rights that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and the countries of developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Administration in Cambodia; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in Cambodia;
Obviously, it remains vital that each of us continues to continue in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is increasingly more important at the regional level and at the international level, and an effective verification and effective verification is needed to ensure security and international stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to having ratified the Treaty, have already been designated individually, and in addition to a hearing — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the estimated amount of $0000,000, 250 million are planned for the tender of ICAO.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Communications Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
However, the use of funds is lawful or unlawful, only in the form of the collection and purpose of the form of money-raising.
The report of Brazil reported that all the Council adopted to meet the needs of one of the options would be at least one year.
Original
“Les terrorism - a way to cause a explosion or to enter a fire or to commit any other other measures to the society, which is a result of the right to the public and to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or of international organizations, or a threat to acts of such acts as a result of the same purpose.
Women remain mainly in the short-paid posts and low levels.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to make their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their active participation, together with their firm commitment and their diplomatic qualities, explains a great contribution to the success of the Special Committee's work.
In turn, such as the case for all treaties, the end of the negotiations marks the real start of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 99.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “Programme programme: partnerships designed to address the special needs of developing countries and to create a new global framework for cooperation in transit transport between developing countries and transit, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have now been pleased to submit the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the decision of the European Union to establish an effective support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to know the truth on developments is essential to prevent the same violations of such violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and the credibility of the Council.
Services services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information in the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in order to understand that the success or failure in any area, if there is a need to be an end or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken provisions to address questions, such as the presentation of all United Nations information centres, which would provide the activities of the United Nations High Commissioner for a consolidated message.
In order to plan and carry out other changes, we have been expected to review some of our priorities and we would be able to recover resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been located in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to the preparation of its work work, the training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These products had a low value in national value.
Developed countries on commodities were facing a particular challenge to address, since the prices of exports had significantly reduced real value.
Development strategies have been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance related to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for the accession to EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Slovakia, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, in this regard, the participation of the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNIP) assisted the Task Force to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its efforts and facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Group established a database on the web site, which includes the coordination of policymakers and ICT leaders in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within the limited resources available, the financial and administrative means necessary to ensure the functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a representative to the Transitional Authority to the Transitional Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for women's women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, the right to food, the security of reproductive health, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo/do.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues on the possibility of the United Nations to fulfil the function of the supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003) to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/510.
The Lusaka Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans to strengthen their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** Summary of the document was submitted to conference services, without the explanatory note of the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in cases of late submission of a report to conference services.
The law on International Trade Companies (International Business Companies Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of the claims assigned to the holder and, where these actions have already been made, their comments and alternatives.
These services include the direction and implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or the Bahamas, including financial services, the provision of service services, and the provision of service services and staff services under the Law Act, and the provision of service services and liaison services under the Act of the Companies Act, and the provision of service services and liaison services under the Law Act of the Companies Act, a simple exemption against the Companies Act (the Panel Limited Limited).
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow to include certain persons on a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section has provided advice on rules to comply with the projects carried out by national entities, based on the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the monitoring of the field and non-compliance in the rules.
The return of information also has also taken awareness of the importance of the evaluation of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementation of the same format of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities in the prescribed period.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staff could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23309 and S/23311
The information that organizations should be made and seek to be done by the following:
Also reaffirms that the Organization is firmly committed to dealing with a fair basis, on geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negopon (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, it was difficult to deal with a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped funding projects, training and health, as well as programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the payment of payment, it should be informed to inform the staff of the benefits of the benefits of the official system to the other areas of security and the speed of transfers.
• The full and expeditious judgement of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clear clarity on human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, the increased participation of the specialized and technical agencies in the operation of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
As a result of armed conflicts and civilian strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in recent years of African countries that is more than more refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali languages, with a note of appropriate information, as well as a wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, particularly drug addicts, to reduce the risks of infectious diseases as the virus of human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States would continue to receive documents in a appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Building support for new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned because the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be produced rather than free to free.
The consultations by the Council with the members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.15)
Investigations on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in the countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves, which has been conducted in the investigation of the charges and that a time of time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “The Prevention and Punishment of Acts of Unlawful Acts” is envisaged in the context of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the provisions of the Convention, even if article 11 (a) of the Convention's own physical or legal means, and the other precious metals and precious metals, of art.
It is important to be the Commission's attention to its attention.
It is also necessary that the importance of the participation of civil society, as a strategic partnership in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women perform their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who are born three children or more than 16 years, or two children and more than women living only, receive additional leave from week, paid by the average monthly salary.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: motherhood and paternity is the direct consequence of the human rights exercise of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family and work was the most way in the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology activities through UNIDO is primarily aimed at promoting partnerships and substantive linkages (such as technology transfer, sub-munitions, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, for the training of staff to the PPP and PNPP and the identification and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
It is nevertheless ready to provide the Commission any additional information that might wish to be available.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It is considering the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on the relationship between evaluations, knowledge of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC intends to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,964,600
Demands that the Government of Liberia cease hostilities on all territory of Liberia and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to work on the training of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and the recipient countries to consider inclusion in their programmes and projects for the armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, questions relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without prejudice to gender dimension;
The Study Group undertook a initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Working Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Key resources of the programme
• Strengthening the comprehensive management of decision-making and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of procedure of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to allow the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons to provide more professional personnel and to provide training for training and training to ensure that all staff members are physically physically, psychological, psychological and emotional.
• All equipment and other persons are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters in the French language, English, Spanish and Russian and four languages in the Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of legislative and administrative measures, compatible with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, to increase transparency of the financing of applications for a public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tenders and relevant information on the award of markets, sufficient time to be left to prospective bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries, as well as other of the same category, is presented in the following box: it is shown how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system, with the assistance of the United Nations system, with a variety of initiatives aimed at achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “any unless weapons”, the Group of 77 was looking forward to discussing with its development partners in the country of Africa, that the international community should provide full support to the development of living conditions in the African countries, which would be able to make it possible to reach the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three fundamental aspects of the ICT and communication technology strategy:
For the time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation of increasing and to ensure that our President did not do so.
(e) Ensure the maintenance and strengthening of international and operational cooperation and support to the Tribunal by other partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
It is also necessary to deploy the necessary time for arguments (e.g. they are generally generally in two days, depending on the number of accused accused.
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during periods, for example, in the following formula: a five weeks, trials of five weeks, a five-week trial, and the defence counsel in the case of a judge stay indefinitely during the case of trial.
The members of the Board of Directors of the United Nations System of Directors of the United Nations System for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe that it is a good and useful framework for the revision, re-evaluated and adjust policies in the implementation of activities for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 of its activities in the General Assembly, which is also 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to note that, while recalling the need for freedom of press, attracting the attention of the Egyptian authorities on the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that it must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar on the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the past 10 years, the institutions, initiatives and international legislation are not involved in the meaning of the inclusion of the rights of minorities as an integral part of its democratic evolution.
As noted in Guyana on the collective system for peace and security, it is necessary to ensure that the new Council of the reform will reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is most important.
We must therefore create global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, and should also strengthen the support of least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pjejeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where States parties agree, the adoption of a cross-border approach to the sustainable development of mountain partnerships, as well as the exchange of information on this subject;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to ensuring more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the operation of the global support project for national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its activities;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
In increasing the volume of the Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of visitors in Russian-speaking places has been increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after considering a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
In the light of the most important elements and metal metal, it is very important for the use and salt of the world.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperation with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it has not withdrawn.
Under paragraph 1 of article 41, the deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is acceptable only as the principles and modalities set out by the law.
The issue of Northazzani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts in question are frozen, they will continue to be on the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring resources from supplementary funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, in which the United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, currency currency currency.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table 92 below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: a peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 to 8 May 2002, in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate, mainly through technical assistance, the voluntary participation of the maritime boundaries between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities in a position to make contributions to these funds;
Takes note also of the regional economic policy of the Pacific Islands, approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors was increasing, and took note of the initiative of the United Nations system to improve coherence in technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels, were abducted or convinced to join their ranks were sent to the death of the front.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to uphold international law,
Mr. Pecinenen Byyeteter supports support for the submission of the item on two years, before the vote of the motion does not imply a position to or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need for the convention on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising and public opinion to the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to the development of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were the responsibility of the organization at 31 December 2002 as a result of no charges.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was inserted in the contract at the time of recruitment, without the person's staff to be performed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission of the necessary assistance to enable them to fulfil their mandates;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse on the 1980s, indigenous peoples are trying to be able to do so as to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are often interpreted as a result of a simple approach.
CFG Secretariat 35-37 Sackville.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, almost over 80 per cent of global production is one of 16 countries, whose vast majority are members of OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly clarified that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as justification for the rejection of extradition requests for alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Formulation of comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the requirements of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services in the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, which is set out in paragraph 9 above (Arab and Chinese), in accordance with the request made in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, and the additional requirements under the furniture and equipment of the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office at Geneva, as well as the additional requirements under the furniture and equipment of the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office at Geneva, as well as the additional requirements under the furniture and equipment of the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office at Geneva, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for new staff members of the United Nations Office at Geneva.
This is a “common basis” for which the definition of definition and use are also important for most of the environmental goods.
In designing, they are able to make a clear objective and aims for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station will be a recycling station if the technical techniques used are clearly modified.
In the case of intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights that affect trade (ADPIC), the developed countries of WTO means incentives to transfer technology.
Several recommendations submitted to the meeting on the actions that would be possible to undertake at the national level:
The increase in the number of staff for staff and staff in the Field Service (Other level) is attributable to the revision of the approved adjustment rates of 1 November 2002, to the new salary scales for staff staff in the lower level of office and a reduction of staff members appointed at lower levels, as well as an increase of expenditure under the amount of the payment of the Mission's workload.
(a) A new subparagraph read as follows:
Description of methodologies used to identify major sources of procedure to the main sources of the CRF on the part of the main data table 7A1 to 7A of the Guide for Good Practice of IPCC IPCC
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all cases for the amounts of amounts or removals, in the amount of activity and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the topic covers primary obligations of the State and called for the existence of the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves the need to avoid judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of action in collective law is the rule of the general mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as that we are able to assume the heavy burden of which they have before.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which there are significant measures to revitalize the General Assembly and on the basis of the draft resolution that we have just adopted.
The procedures differ from the same needs.
These are being accompanied by pressure on the purpose of which they must accept amendments or amendments to limit or reduce the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, requesting a party of the World Trade Organization in the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 552 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the period of nine years, the amount of annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that had been found that they could be able to identify four claims “E4” claims reported losses of new or more significant losses, in which they were reported by the complainant's claim.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments said that to attract direct investment, such institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the sector sector.
Globalization is also increasing by the abolition of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increase resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in the decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary issue of the border has been opened between multimodal law in Kosovo and Stzimirir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the authorities of the Government of Serbia to sign a agreement on the use in Serbia and their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK for the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/7/7);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that it is a first step in leadership of the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Africa
It will also be possible to link the web site of the world web site and the ECLAC web site on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be held at the time of June 2003 to the fourth regional coordination meeting of the United Nations High-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
The oil price has already already been a “war war” of approximately 5 million in the last month of 2002 and exceeded 31 per cent in January 2003.
They will take place at the initial level of structural adjustment by accession to UEMs in order to meet the level of reference defined for budgetary deficits, given their departure, they would therefore be able to apply in this period of rigorous budgetary reform, which would have negative consequences for economic growth.
A. Annn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on domestic autonomy, the power of the Government of Denmark is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and any part of that power may be transferred to the self-government of the Falkland Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is for example for the costs of the use of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of integration projects.
The Social Social Charter of 1989 provides the right to use collective action in cases of interest of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to comply with national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have led to new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-American Union of the European Union: the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou (Benin), in 2000, in the light of various elements proposed by the Special Representative during the European Union Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where that is in the world, has always been considered as a symbol and guarantee universal values.
The second, on the role of civil society in conflict prevention, has attracted a wide hearing, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It continues to continue its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms for human rights protection, including through the adoption of a gender-sensitive approach to gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations on grants grants
In accordance with the provisions for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, the latter approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations of the United Nations on their activities, including the support of the United Nations for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.2), UNFIP has undertaken in 2002 a series of activities that are carried out within the framework of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects to streamline its activities, better to focus and more effective.
Support for women's issues were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Women's ability to implement national policy on gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/13 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a characteristic of the economy's economy, and often the major firms in developing countries were in a global scale.
In the area of statistics, the collection of data, as well as work on a evaluation of social implications and impact on development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important than African countries continue to begin parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude the economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the work of technical authentication
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary measures and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacities in this area.
Action by action

The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of a common approach to a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a legally binding instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relates to the subprogramme 3 (Sustainable development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in chapters 8 (OL) and 2 of General Assembly affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
An attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning does not aim to conceal the fact that a human life for the destruction of a human life in order to produce cells of embryical cells or other experiences.
There is a need to discuss, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all other others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information technology and communication and communication, including the elimination of the “cleans” would enhance transport in transit and would enable landlocked countries to provide transit services to their neighbours.
Mr. River Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for having submitted the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/58/2).
Preparation of the United Nations System of Action for the fight against drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, and urges the international community, in the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to the projects and programmes aimed at reducing the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two radio-based surveillance stations, at the L-Bchet, (SYFF) and Shishville (PS1), have been certified by the provisional technical Secretariat; the construction of a ship-to-polion-free inspection station (RN16) to Yellkkff was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a general and transparent control unit that characterized the recent appointments of senior positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally revised a amendment to the draft resolution pursuant to paragraph 6 (g) of the proposed text as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact (and negative and negative) on the right to food of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or to release their criminal intentions will benefit from a group.
At the long term, a legal framework for both flexible and effective security rights could constitute a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision by the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of the Territories, whose majority in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and to you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first framework for cooperation by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should be held, inter alia, to facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will take place on the health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In this Ministry, a Government of State has been responsible for the promotion of women and women's participation in development, demonstrating the commitment of the Government to pay special attention to women's issues in the Congo, all the United Nations Secretariat of the State party participating in the meetings of the Ministers of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the Working Group's group and other countries for the initiatives taken by LDCs in the area of access to markets, which had been required to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded this year on a significant cash balance (table to 44 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to meet the estimates.
Ecuador
Peacekeeping
We have provided food, animals, equipment and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially the floods, also contributes to the deterioration of habitats and reducing resources in the East Asian subregion.
In the course of its daily work, women are the main protection of forest species and is therefore that it depends on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation between developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established a interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and monitoring activities on combating terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of Belarus intends to advance this process during a few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to opinion, the basic criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the concept of a normal business in cases”.
The medium-term Working Group and the programme budget will be held annually annually on a comprehensive basis of technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem is crucial, and the difficulties made to African producers should be considered as well as the economic well-being.
The Barbados Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb the progress of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through national, financial and tactical action with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is before all parents, which are most likely to be able to guide children, the duty to guide children, to raise a healthy environment, the integrity, accountability, responsibility, democracy, compassion and service for others, to contribute to strengthening families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the West African subregion, in South-East Asia and in some areas of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force during time of time, such as the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules on the preparation of reports may not be effective.
The Government is currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor in both areas, in addition to its ability to address civilians.
Moreover, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the national police capacity to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the campaigns and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to inform them to participate in the work of this new team and to provide to the Office of Outer Space Affairs coordinated by the focal points of the focal point.
The Federal Criminal Law Act in a certain measure of behaviour in this article, the penalties required to be changed.
Indeed, in the areas of urban areas, female illiteracy in the areas of poverty and the work of women, with the dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to countries of Africa.
The Group consists of seven persons.
The members of the Committee have reviewed the item without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address ways.
They support the military activities of the United States on their territory, as they do not forget their own history; they knew that the vulnerability and the protection and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Economics of Guam, October 2001 2001, www.admin.gov.int/commerce>.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With respect to funding, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 for income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy is also good opportunities for the financial plan and the UNICEF budget.
General
The summary table IV provides the changes that it is proposed for the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main elements of each appropriation.
The summary table provides to ensure comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the current biennium and for the next biennium.
Table 7
A summary of the progress made by the Central American countries on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to Cuzco (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cecco Consensus, a strategic action programme aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and dealing with the issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and foreign relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts of the reconstruction of the region continues to continue to support the international community.
Panels and mechanisms for monitoring and reporting
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17, 19 and 27 November; 3, 6, 14, 14, 14, 10, 10, 10, 10, 16, 16, 22 and 24 April; 9, 9, 10, 14, 10, 10, 10, 10, 16, 16, 19 and 24 April; 8, 9, 10, 14, 14, 10, 10, 10, 16, 16, 16, 19 and 24 April; 8, 9, 10, 14, 19, 19, 10, 10, 16, 16, 16, 19 and 24 April; 8, 9, 12, 14, 19, 19 and 21; 5, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 10, 10, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly in order to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for a proper balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and the legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent study of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in United Nations agencies.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully committed or mainly to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the base can be accompanied by the lack of transparency and confidence-building.
In this sense, the experience of bilateral democracies is very valuable.
Without the absence of such persons, I take this opportunity to refer to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can find a victory when these attacks will be more place, because they will lose the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons belonging to organizations that are competent in the nature of the nature of their actions.
I wish to express every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
This is only through determination and dedication that it has been possible, with the assistance of the Secretariat, to carry out considerable tasks and difficult tasks.
C. Review and procedures
Statistical Study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and in April, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of two countries among Asian States wishing to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Progress in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the ability of Governments to regulate, inter alia, in economic, social, environmental and administrative areas, and questions relating to the preservation of national autonomy was most important for the economy of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
For the most important, the delegation of Poland endorses all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted in particular that the sector, which does not fall on the control of the State and any tax, had a significant role in the economy of many developing countries.
C. Non-governmental organizations of the Commission
The joint programme would allow States members to consider more comprehensive perspectives and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the proposals made by the Secretary-General concerning science and technology in the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of Eight of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of 77 for the Advancement of Science and Technology in South (October 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
As a result, the new new posts have been used to guide the guide and, although other stations have not been followed on their example, a normalization of a waiver would be achieved.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, contributing to strengthening international and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to maximize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14-6 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made a introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in taking into account the various challenges still yet in the field of the United Nations and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community has a priority priority to achieve this objective, within the framework of the United Nations, to bring a decisive step towards peace in that region.
It should also be noted that, in addition to better understanding of the issue of the membership of the bureau, it will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement concerning the interpretation of the rules of procedure of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The Office of New York of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b), established by resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay, or to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory may not make such funds, assets or assets, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory may not make funds, assets or assets directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Almost all federal services responsible for enforcement and enforcement of offences have contributed to the provision of basic and advanced training in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Enforcement of Financial Crimes (FF Crimes Act - March 1996)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of financing and non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission emphasized that they were not left to serve as a mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they have reported to all the parties of the Transitional Government to provide food and medicines; full respect for human rights, including the end of the recruitment of child soldiers, including the end of recruitment of child soldiers; and the holding of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group for the Medium-term Plan and Budget Programme on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not implemented in a general manner and the provisions of different conventions on responsibility and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; and (3) replies to the revised questionnaire of the IOC Convention on the practices of States in the field of science and research, and the transfer of marine technology, and the following replies to the revised questionnaire of IOC on the practices of States in the field of science and research.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community in development.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review and that the General Assembly will request the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out this programme of family and external affairs, to combat poverty without support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, for time, for the General Assembly to proceed to its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand the participation of the integrated reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding to decide at the outset if the debtor should be subject to a liquidation procedure rather than reorganization has led to some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a procedure “one”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in the face of hazardous situations.
We attach a high priority to our collaboration with our partners of WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as a best means to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session, in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532), as well as the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the action that it continues to conduct bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the Governments of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Germany, Guatemala, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia, Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will consult on the financial interest and trust of the United Nations, and will spare all necessary efforts to be informed on the financial interests of the members of the family.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening the support of technical support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacities; identifying new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration to support research in areas;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile as well as observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Haak-S welcomed welcomed the first substantive stage of the process that would lead to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that work with you, within the Council to the United Nations, has been able to have a fruitful experience.
We highly appreciate the determination and belief with which you will take the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A draft technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Centre (Mozambique) is currently expected to be completed since 2003.
In addition, the DMFAS-in-weapon-free approach to the provision of more effective debt services and the inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country with a low population, but 2.2.3 million people are threatened by famine.
I do not always understand why it is difficult to accept this statement.
4.1 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget for each time.
Article 4.5. It is established that a reserve fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash fund for the United Nations to respond promptly to the start of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide full reimbursement of expenditures.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide property or to be able to be a symbolic price to another intergovernmental organization, a Government, a public organization or another organization of non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough survey, permit the amount of loss of cash, goods and other assets, on the basis that it should submit to the Board of Auditors, at the same time, the accounts of all of the accounts, as well as losses.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
It is not possible to impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the pace considered by States in the process.
Otherwise the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and victims of sexual violations; it also visited the prison and the cysy.
The cost of the alternative solution to building prefabricated offices is evaluated at 985111.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, of indigenous peoples and those who have to use their lands or who have caused the adverse consequences of globalization.
Why is the same?
My second proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of the transition of these States have provided accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States played the role that it would be expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, as well as Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also made efforts to ensure that inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and travel on all freedom, which was recognized in resolution 1402 (2002) of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations agencies to mainstream gender mainstreaming in all their policies and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences, and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, one of the two topics of the debate on coordination of the review and evaluation of implementation, at the level of the existing agreed conclusions;
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative does not implement the reform programmes of IMF.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main body that Mr. Dule can provide the Commission's right to take a political approach.
Strengthening the efforts of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, through efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation would like to take this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 2000 Agreement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopts the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, the documents may be made in a period of seven days of the receipt of the record or closure of the session, if it is later later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the Office of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of work with regard to issues such as space education and natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Experts (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to ensure that the implementation of national biodiversity and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for the development of biodiversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources arising from the expansion of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4 of the above-mentioned words of the word “and” of the word “and the other cases” would be replaced by the word “national” and the phrase “and the phrase “shall encourage the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the phrase “the Secretary-General and the heads of the United Nations system of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the problems facing the Convention,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons in the course of which a debate was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with General Commission resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress's initial refusal to support national reparations and that it is responsible for the financing and institutional stability of the payment of the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed because they were Serbs and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must be done and that there are no chance for reconciliation, or to achieve multi-ethnic society through resolution 1244 (1999) and we call on all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization responsible to deal with emergency situations in the field.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel that must put a halt to those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the illegal tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the session of 2003 to the Committee as set out below.
In this connection of the Organization, there will be no zero tolerance against those who encourage intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that the only concern was to ensure that such NGOs did not have its status to the Council in its activities in which the territorial integrity of a member State has taken place.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
The linkages between areas, the balance to seek, the costs and benefits such as they were received from complex issues.
Angola welcomed the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and gas in May 2003.
If the answer is yes, please describe the measures taken.
The persons who are subjected to an analysis has also been the right to know that such information, for which it is stored and that can have access to them.
The criteria for the issuance of the Convention on European Commerce are the following: (i) new use; (ii) “b.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Map of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Verbatim Names or Their Authorities, Producono producers and radio broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) Ensure approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.4 per cent) and 49.1 per cent of 49.3 per cent), the North-West region (from 49.4 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (with 50.1 per cent 50 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights with respect to citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods had not been known to 1989 and couples were most often used to use natural and condoms.
The amount of the amount of the award reflects the increase in the increase of the school supplies, food, clothing and other stringent products for children, and is intended to prevent the drop of school, a phenomenon which has taken the extent of the past years in the light of the reduction of the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Group of the United Nations Development Group, providing grants from donors to finance and improve common services provided at 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on the strategy of poverty reduction strategy.
A representative that has a point of order may, in his statement, address the substance of the issue in discussion.
(e) It would be suggested that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the Implementation of the Implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the General Assembly to serve as a focal point for the coordination of the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirms that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives undertaken by the stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Development Programme
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on commercial industries in Liberia in Liberia is based on recent experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In view, the model model in the extent that there is less than the two of the current system, it would be used to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of employment and higher staff
As a result, the amounts of mobility and hardship benefits would also be even same.
(e) Study on the equivalent of the level between the United Nations public service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each of the loans was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to combat violence by strengthening the efforts to combat the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders of enterprises were present in the formal launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a more developed international network of $10,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions reported by their respective bodies were reported.
• Rules (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has led to an atmosphere of dialogue and close cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 missions
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session, held in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, the General Assembly agreed in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, as a basis for the election of members of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III Theme of the session: “Children and youth”
The World People's Republic of Action, the International Association of the International Centre, the World People's Republic of Action, the International Association of the International Centre, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the Congo, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the Congo, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the Congo, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the Congo, the United Nations, the United Nations, the International Centre of the United Nations
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the illicit manufacture of illicit drugs, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and to provide measures to mitigate the threat of high priority.
These successes demanded that long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Matters.
Statement submitted by the Presidency of the International Republic of Denmark
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNSO and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Luro Bama, J.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
The Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, printed and other other devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, such as amended to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they should be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that the results of the implementation of outputs will be made.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that three additional additional posts for the maintenance of military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, taking note of their marginalization and strengthen their ability to take into account the issues of concern to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1366 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protection, including those of the existing equipment and military events, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, by United Nations personnel, the media, humanitarian personnel, humanitarian personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Centre on History, art and Culture (IICIC) in Istanbul with a view to preserving the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of the information of information on economic and socio-economic development, and urged the development of developing countries to develop a programme of work for developing States to take advantage of the digital divide and decided to participate actively at the World Summit on Information and Coordination Society.
CONDAM is all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressures on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of Islamic Understanding, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity between member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and throughout the central sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its work programme, including the establishment of informal negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prohibition of the production of fissile material in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls on the Conference on Disarmament to begin early work on the substantive work of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on External debt of African States and other OIC member States
In Istanbul, a workshop on the development of the private sector and the role of the Chinese in the member States” in collaboration with the relevant agencies of the OIC and also thank the Republic of Turkey for the workshop.
PDDOO with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Also calls upon States member to provide technical infrastructure for the conservation and rehabilitation of false images, to grant scholarships for the instruction of the Institute, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations on the Declaration of Principles for Combating International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope, will receive high attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and to our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive to avoid a possible solution to the necessary measures of the Security Council.
These negotiations may provide a number of factors, as they require highly qualified and experienced personnel, and include a increased risk of illegal or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, the UNCITRAL Group asked “experations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of a analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions that call upon the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council, the Jordanian Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/16/2980 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of persons and entities in the consolidated list and requested to prohibit the transfer of goods imported or exported by those persons or entities and to confiscate them in the territory, and to provide to the Department of Customs of all information on the basis of the law.
Invites States to review and reform where appropriate legislation and practices in order to address 18 years old age, or without the consent of parents, as well as for boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to communicate to the Special Rapporteur all data that have been collected from all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the effects of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee did not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 will be complemented by the amount of $30,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each sub-goal is adapted to the computer environment and procedures of the organization.
The participants and the beneficiaries will be the first to see a improvement of services that are provided.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change because it enables each to acquire new values and change its relationship with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirming that all human beings are free and equal in dignity and rights, regardless of all of the rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction, and that the individual has committed duties to the community that only free free and full participation of their personality can be achieved,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff should fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance in the context of enhanced capacity-building programmes, on the capacity-building capacity of terrorism, to provide greater priority to training and ensure that programmes are implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Development Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Trade Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they are estimated at 211,115,155, including advances from several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or where their lives is dangerous and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that we can undermine the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly wishes that it.
The General Assembly must conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
She regretted, however, that the countries that have not yet been adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent issue.
In view of the proposed opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and increase the workload of the Section, provides a net increase of $3 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of implementation.
As stated in previous previous reports, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after the evidence of the claims and other evidence, which is responsible for the balance of the claimants who had had to flee a war zone and of Iraq, which is responsible for loss and damage directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, to resolve this problem, our State on the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority have also promoted hatred, spreading and provide moral moral bases, as a whole, and the massacres.
If we do so, we will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel has a end to the occupation of our territory, which continues to send settlers, which continues to lose our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made in the mechanism for sustainable development and, in the need, appropriate appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties envisaged to incorporate in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board, and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections have been suspended, the Government of the Pinoom Court tried to improve the provision of local services that has resulted in a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with the resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had already identified the main themes of its work in 2003: “The “Indigenous peoples and globalization” in 2004: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant to be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation between States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and that it had not been mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 Provide the use of a document linked to a terrorist act, neglect of the existence of this link (10 years
In real terms, the expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, it is not a matter of reference to the exception of the right of peoples to combat their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is applied under the process of the Convention.
A series of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
In 16 January 2003, the total number of voluntary voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only only551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) The purpose of the work of the State party or the termination of the contract of a employee and if the head of the State of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State State, which is likely to interfere with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress Centre of Furaan Milano, Milan.
This process is recognized and designated as it should be (in transition with knowledge or knowledge) or not development, as well as any development, which strengthens the systems of knowledge of knowledge, free a human potential, to better strengthen and guide social, economic and political life, with a view to which a new phase of development.
Mary10 I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for reasons for personal and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the areas covered by the Friends of the Presidency.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph (para.
The representative of any agreement or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide appropriate guidance to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies that would be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislation on equality between men and women, including in the area of representation of women in different levels of government and public service.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the safety of all personnel involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 29977 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are at the review, including the laws relating to investment and registration of enterprises and a draft law on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no progress during the recent period of events in the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth point is the fact that the Government of East Timor has succeeded in creating 6.5.1 million gross income, including 26.7 million under the area of the East Jerusalem during the year in this year, shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions concerning the development of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increasing with the years.
One of them would have been carried out in the event of the University, in the purpose of which it appears to create a climate of terror after a event later before students.
The international community should focus on this increasing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, in connection with the controversy on the question of the acquisition of XV and the e-mail of coal, which have been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in the recent technical discussions that took place in the past two technical discussions that took place in Baghdad and 9 February, the objective was to resolve the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts were made in the past in the form of the proposed text in the hope of the hope that we will overcome this political impasse.
We look forward to the number of national customs experts and procurement in Iraq.
In the quest for peace, we can be able to ensure that we seek sincerely to achieve, in fact, a determination and political will.
I would like to express my thanks to the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security is guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it will be a time when there is a lack of change in political attitudes, because of a new commitment to the cooperation of the Saddam Saddam regime, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this connection, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime is still always the main factor to ensure the cooperation of Iraq with the inspectors, and is also the primary condition to find a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
The entities involved in financial securities;
As we have stated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build confidence in the coming day, we must remain vigilant in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters concerning human rights
Senior Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still still a large public and one third, will soon be open, once again in Adile.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable to intervene throughout the world is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia undertook a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at encouraging the growth of employment and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the establishment of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure that education and science is central in the search for social advancement.
From Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should be fully supported by the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among the country.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all relevant norms and rules concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those of the relevant resolutions of the United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union asserted that African populations should endeavour to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination for persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the secretariat's divisions have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent attributed to the budgets of the project budgets should be allocated to the Division for the implementation of the project.
In the provision of medicines, materials, materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those who are responsible for emergency services, and medical and other services for children, have made that the conditions in which medical personnel provide care is extremely difficult.
What policy has a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and under the provisions of its Constitution on compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
The employment was slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[21 May 2003]
Access to energy sources and high cost of fuel and the high cost of fuel, increasing the costs of production and injury to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Please ensure that the applicant's transfer of transfers in the bank and would transfer a higher amount of $10,000 from the United States or the equivalent equivalent to another other.
Paragraph 1 of article 35 of the Rules provides that:
It could include, as suggested by the Secretary-General, creating a multi-stakeholder group on the restructuring of debt restructuring mechanisms, and the conclusions and conclusions would be addressed to the attention of intergovernmental bodies.
