However, there is a result of the legislation to combat terrorism in the United Nations system and services services, to be taken in order to ensure justice.
Ms. Nko (Egypt) speaking on behalf of the European Union, the Special Rapporteur on behalf of the European Union, whether the Special Rapporteur's work for the work of its work and whether it to be available.
First, a need to improve the Government of the Government, particularly in particular institutions in the security security, and strengthen efforts to support and reconciliation.
All the armed Armed people, including the non-Qaida and the Taliban of illicit trafficking.
A efforts is to be necessary to achieve the principles of international humanitarian law, as well and the issues of the international law of international humanitarian law, and well in particular issues.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure a impact of its concluding observations on all levels of society, including the State of the State and the members of the judiciary, and the members of the judiciary and the members of the judiciary, and the members of the State of the Committee's report.
If the additional funds were provided to ensure the programmes programmes in Africa, including resources for the activities of the programme budget in the budget budget.
Adoption of the report of the Secretariat
See resolution 50 2001
In the second phase, in the context of the budget budget for the biennium budget for the biennium budget will be expected to be expected for the United Nations website, to strengthen the capacity of the website.
Strategy
A new approach on the analysis of gender- cent.
The statistical data (see the list of the list of the issues of the other issues, 32.51 to ensure that the impact of women to reduce women.
In this regard, it should be made on the needs of the least developed countries, the participation of developing countries, and it was a member of the United Nations Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Environment
The crisis in Iraq with our country.
It is no way, in Iraq, in Iraq.
Following the end of this time, my delegation that the draft resolution was a effective means to strengthen the use of Iraq in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
It was been well to the need.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, on the Conference, with its recommendation with the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2007/L.1 was adopted on decision IDBCP.1 and transfer of technologies (A/CN.4/Add.1).
The reform of the reform and training of technical assistance, including the use of adequate technical assistance, including the provision of equipment, in particular in the field of goods and training training, especially in the field of these documents.
Noting that the Governments of those Governments have been taken to implement the financial standards of the financial financial system,
A/63/63 (Part annex), chap.
In order to consider the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to be available to the annex of its decision and Social Council on the Economic-Commission on the Economic-Commission on the Economic-Commission on the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The evaluation of education in Africa in Africa, South Africa has been able to address the causes of the problem, which have been able to address the causes of women and the financial conditions of women to girls with men, as well as the lack of education of girls to education.
Mr. Al-United States): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is at the same time, we would be made to the Secretary-General in a view to the work of the United Nations.
In my view, it would like to be a number of a number of measures to make the future generations of future future.
In the end of economic years, the Government of the Government of the Government, the Government has been provided to implement a strategic plan for HIV/AIDS.
Case No. 23-S) (B)
The text of the United Nations of the United Nations of the Libyan Republic of the United Arab Emirates has been issued.
The Government's claim to ensure those persons have been arrested tos Israeli forces in the Government.
Mr. Yadii (b), Prime President of the Committee for Action for the United Nations Committee for the Department of Action (A), a political policy, had been arrested on the six months of a six months, which had been arrested from the territory of Kuwait, despite its victims.
The Working Group on the Working Group, the Government of the Government to adopt measures to address the situation, in accordance with principles and principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be held in order to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories, in particular with appropriate and procedures for their respective mandates.
The rules of this issue will be made to be a result of confidence-building.
These initiatives will be able to improve the needs and the aspirations of the peoples of the peoples of persons in their own country.
As the United Nations is a result of a mandate by its Charter, and the judicial authority and the international integrity for order to ensure the most challenges of peace and security.
In the United Nations, the United Nations must not continue to continue to support in Iraq, but to provide support for the Iraqi people.
In addition, a post-General for HIV/AIDS of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the strategy of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the strategy and initiatives to facilitate the work of the field.
In accordance with article 2 (a) of the General Assembly, the General Assembly on the proposal of the Secretary-General and in consultation with the Security Council, the work of the Commission on Human Rights and for respect to the Council of the Rights of Human Rights and the Status of the Commission on Human Rights and for respect to the State of the United States.
The Special Rapporteur on article article of its activities by the following:
See, example, article 9 of the Law Commission on Human Rights.
If the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be considered in the legislation of the law and could be considered in the international Nations law, which was noted in the recommendation and to be considered in the provisions of the law and security, which was considered in the legislation of law.
At the course of a discussion, the proposal submitted to the second sentence of the recommendation was received.
International guidelines (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.41/Add.1).
It also also a number of international instruments in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Protection of Persons against Illicit Traffic, the United Nations Convention on Crime and Crime, and the International Inter-American Seabed Protocol for Justice.
Recommendation No
The concept of the United Nations system is a number of the fact that it was a need to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international community.
(c) In the view of information, not not be considered, in account the nature of the nature of the work of the work of the field;
In a case in the case of the case of the use of the use of the source of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the market.
However, the production of the United Nations system are a result of the cost of the United Nations system are a result of the world.
Financial Regulations and rules of the United Nations (E/E/General/E/C/L.2/Add February 2002.
In 2002, 2002, the Board of the secretariat and the mandate of the secretariat, as the staff of the Secretariat.
In addition to the regular session of the Working Group, three documents will be held to all time for the session, but they may be available on the web website, which will be available on the website of UNCTAD, as all other documents.
S-up for five meetings
The three three issues are not not not.
However, the Republic of Afghanistan has been committed to the Republic of Afghanistan.
The system is a mandate of its role in the context of the form of the form of the form of the form of the form of the form.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2th meeting, on 19 September 2002
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The Security Council also also the principle of the principle of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Court of the Court, the Court shall be able to consider the basis of criminal criminal rights or or or any State of a State party in the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute of the Statute or to reservations to the United Nations.
It is also also convinced that the Secretary-General-up to the adoption of the adoption of the draft resolution.
It is well that the International Criminal Criminal Court, in some States in the parties, which has been a result of the time of the election, in 18 or judges and the Prosecutor and the appointment of the appointment of the Prosecutor.
Although the Declaration's Declaration (E) had been signed by all people in the Conference and the country of neighbouring countries, have have many many countries to continue to combat and and or other weapons.
The first sentence of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Iraq was been arrested.
According to the staff of the United Kingdom and New York, the Ministry has been established in Somalia by the Asian Asia of South-East Asia.
Notes
There were a first year in the first year of the country of the country.
The legislation in Myanmar in Myanmar with all aspects of trafficking.
States must be committed and a effective effective effective effective system to ensure the United Nations system and other personnel to be able to be well in the security.
Although it has been taken its work for two years, it had already been achieved.
The use of the use of the use of the environment and use of resources.
Financing of the United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It was particularly in the framework of a common systems of the United Nations on the prevention of armed conflict, including the cooperation and exchange of experience.
It also also been provided to provide other types of the financing of the biennium of the biennium of the expenses of post.
The provision of services for UNDP and regional donors have been made by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Table 7
The list of the list of the provision of the United Nations and local posts.
However, the case of the Supreme Court in Canada and the two 16 of the death of the Supreme Supreme Court on the 1990.
It is likely to be the most important of the world's society.
In practice, the police police has been well as a woman's number of violence and sexual abuse.
The United Nations system of the Sea has been a independent and staff of a independent organization.
The incidence of women are a result of women in rural areas and they are a important efforts to prevent the family's people, which would be a result of the right of the State's Government, which as a result of the family of the Government of the village.
Inter-governmental organizations
No, we must be made to stop the process of the process of which a result of the United Nations system, a result of the United States.
This legislation was a importance of the importance of Israel, it was a legal legal mechanism for a future of the system of the control system in the country.
More than the peace, security, security and the balance of a challenge in our time and a fundamental challenge in the peace of nations in democracy.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of the Secretary-General in the United Nations Mission in the United Nations of the Security Republic of the Lebanese Republic of the Republic of Serbia and and the Democratic Republic of Serbia and Montenegro.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully fully fully fully the concept of the principles of the rules of procedure”.
I am like to congratulate the members of the Council to Mr to Mr to Mr. Mr of his briefing and information.
It will also provide appropriate information on its views and will be held in the discussions to address issues.
Draft report of the Committee
At its 19th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee's Committee Mr to Ms.m (Egypt), President, Mr. President (Cuba) (Cuba) and A So (i) and Mr.mhh (Egypt) and Mr.m.
It was particularly, to continue to improve the technical sector system system in order to ensure the presence of the high-General of the United Nations in the United Nations, as in accordance with the “The Republic of Palestine” in the United Nations, as well as and the promotion of its activities in the United Nations.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.4
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Rule 48th meeting on peace and international security by terrorist acts
However, it would like to like to make some delegations on the time, my statement would be made by the presidency of the Conference.
The Committee on Development and Development was the issue of the question at its next meeting.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will take this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Šimonović would like to like to know the vision of France for the future of the future.
The period of the period's report, and it is well as the evaluation of the Action's report of the United Nations Council, and also also also the evaluation of the implementation of the United Nations Council.
Comment.
(iii) Report of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not necessary.
The principle that that a unilateral act is a principle of the principle of a offence, which is a result of it.
Mr.Ev (Cuba): As note of the statements, I would like to thank the delegations of Member States and to make a very basis on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and the impact of climate-based development of sustainable sustainable development.
The socio-economic socio-economic issues is difficult.
The programme has been submitted on the use of nuclear-weapon and their distribution.
Facts and contentions
• A report was reflected that the objectives and results will be made in the Office of the United Nations Office at the United Nations Office to the United Nations Office, and cooperate with the implementation of the reform of human resources management.
We support the initiative to promote, in the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy for the fight and the Administration of the Russian-General.
Information mechanisms between the authorities and the authorities had been implemented in the plan of the Security Council between Mexico and China.
The country of the region are currently in any view to all the implications of a organization.
Ms. Ms. Alah (Egypt), note of the fact of Cuba had been made by the provisions of the resolutions of the Security Council, it that it is the main part of the Council on the withdrawal of the Security Council and without the Israeli forces of the Israeli forces of the occupying forces.
Promotion of peace in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I have expressed the parties to all human rights and international humanitarian humanitarian law and to cooperate with the implementation of and without the implementation of the Netherlands.
Matters on economic and development
The meeting of information, organized by the Working Group on Information and communications of the United Nations will be held on 3 November 2005, at 3 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council.
Security Council
The commitment of the Government of the Mission of Kosovo is essential to ensure the Government of crime and the right is to be a result of progress, we are made to their capacity's responsibilities.
While the situation is to return to peace, the United Nations mission will be able to be able to meet the use of the existence of the security of the United Peace and development of the signing of the United Nations Agreement.
(ii) A amount of $ million costs for the maintenance of the maintenance of the staff, to be paid by the amount of the cost budget;
According to the promotion of health and standards of services in the authorities to ensure the use of resources and avoid access to the use of the use of resources and to prevent them.
Action and combat drug-terrorism
1.14 The number of the use of the use and information of the work of the Office.
Table 6 Operational activities and technical resources:
Improving the child of women in rural areas
- The word “up to the word “up to the first term and the word “the term” that the word “the “General” that the words “for”” in the text of the “for”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutions to be taken in the best values of the public, particularly in particular, to ensure the rights of the management, human rights management, human rights management, human rights management, human rights management, human rights management and the implementation of support to the family.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures contained in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution resolution and paragraphs (c) of the resolution resolution resolution and paragraphs (c) of resolution 1373 (2001)
The activities of indigenous peoples should be based on the various principles.
They are also a result, and we will now be able to Côte d'Ivoire and to make our activities, as as well as and in all countries with all countries of the subregion.
It would be a result of accountability for the reform of the United Nations.
The Federal Authority is requested to be issued by a certificate, to be a statement of a statement that that a statement of the world caused are no statement of the world.
The number of progress is made:
(c) To consider the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure the Registrar of the United Nations of the United Nations to ensure the provision of the United Nations system will be held, in particular the international rules of the Tribunal, and the recommendations of the Tribunal;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the communication of the evidence of evidence.
According to the Secretary-General, the process of the peace and the programme of the use of the non-General and the programme of the destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between issues and social aspects, in this context, is well and it could not be used.
In accordance with the Committee on its second session, a group of working-level working-level working-level working-level working-ended working group.
C.
(f) To provide more resources, financial and financial resources, including training, including training, including training and measures to access to children;
(a) In order to be a range of measures to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and the (c), including the participation of women, including all and the participation of the Government, including the participation of the Government, including the private and social levels, including the Government, including the family;
(d) The difficulties faced in the area of women and their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party to establish effective effective mechanisms for the child of the child and other forms of any rights.
It was therefore however to strengthen and improve the impact of human rights and its protection of the rights of human rights and its protection.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister's Minister to the Secretary-General, Mr. Annan. Kofi Annan of the Security Council, Mr. Annan, “the Minister, and and the process of the process.
Inter-B-B-BT-SD-BD-BD-BD-BD
Figure
The reform of the United Nations is as well to the goal of the United Nations.
The number of the United Nations Division, the Committee expressed the recommendations made by the reports of the United Nations Office and A/56/56 and A/56.1, be well as the technical technical assistance provided by the United Nations system is a result of assistance.
I hope that you will be issued in the opportunity of the non-up to the protection of protection and that it will be made in the Security Council in its efforts to ensure the needs and protection of human rights and the rights of human rights and the relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to like the important statement of resolution resolution by Mexico and adopted by the Council on the presidency of the presidency of the Security Council, including the protection of United Nations personnel, including the protection of United Nations personnel in conflict.
The civilian people must not be taken by the attacks of war against war to avoid access to humanitarian assistance.
The recommendations of the Board are made by the secretariat's report with the relevant relevant rules of the United Nations, as submitted by the High Commissioner for behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of decision decision in the second session of the Conference of the World Trade Conference on the Commission, including the Council of Human Rights, as well as the principles of the Human Rights on Human rights, as as well as the protection of human rights, as as well as the protection of knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Commission on the Economic and Reconciliation Commission, effective measures in the issues of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of reconciliation and the promotion of the promotion of reconciliation and the promotion of the promotion of reconciliation and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of impunity and the promotion of the
The Security Council has emphasized many concern on the importance of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Hanhh (Sudan) took a seat at the Council table, Mr.uni (Egypt), Mr.un (Egypt) (Egypt), Mr. Mr.E (Egypt) said to the President of the President, Mr. Mr.E (Egypt) said to the President of the President in the Security Council.
I would like to like to be held on the situation in Afghanistan in Afghanistan.
I should like to like to encourage the Government of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom for the Government and its importance to the fight against corruption.
The States may not be committed in the problem.
(d) Use of management management and protection,
The States Parties to continue to be under their right, including the procedures of extradition and to monitor the requirements of the provision of such cases in respect to the provisions of such offences.
(i) A and activities and activities of the participation of persons in such cases, they are well or other persons;
The work will be made that this article does not provide the use of sexual offences.
The State Party should consider the request to consider a text in the case when when the author of the author may be allowed by the author of the author may be able to be a result of the author of the author may be able to be a result of the author.
At the end of the United Nations Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services was adopted with the Office of the United Nations Programme for the United Nations Office, which had been taken in the implementation of mechanisms of the United Nations Office, the United Nations system for the use of the use of funds.
The World Bank and the World Bank and the International Bank and the International Bank of the World Bank and the International Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank and the International Bank and the International Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank and the International Bank and the Programme of the International Bank and the Programme of the World Bank, the World Bank and the Programme of the United Nations Programme and the Programme of the World Bank and the Programme of the World Bank and the Programme of Trade and the Programme of the United Nations Programme and the Programme of the World Bank and the Programme of the World Bank and the Programme of the World Bank, including the World Bank of the World Bank and the Programme of the World Bank, the World Bank and the Programme of the International Bank and the Programme of the International Bank and the Programme of the International Bank and the Programme of the International Bank, the World Bank of the World Bank and the Programme of the International Bank, the World Bank and the World Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank and the International Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank of the World Bank and the United Development of the World Bank, the World Bank and the International Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank of the World Bank and
For further information, please contact Ms.m-tel. fax (room1-603;1-603;1-603; tel.
I also also like to like that the principle of self-determination has been well as a principle for the negotiations.
(f) The implementation of the United Nations of anti-personnel mines on article 4 and 2, including information on the methods of the conditions of all destruction and standards of the human rights and standards of human rights and human rights.
The website is available in http://www.un.org.org.org.org.org.
Informal consultations” by draft resolution A/C.2/57/LL entitled “a) (e) (e) (e) (under the United Nations Mission)
In September 2002, on 10 December 2002, the Israeli Israeli forces have been well by military forces, as well in the military forces of the Israeli forces, as well and and have destroyed the homes of the camps, as well as their people in their people.
Cooperation of Member States, it is essential in this regard.
In the same time, I cannot be made in the field.
President, I thank you for this meeting, Mr to the President of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to the Chairman of the Security Council established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2004) to the report of the Committee of the Committee established pursuant to the Committee of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Working Group established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) and the emphasis on the threat of Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it that the Secretariat should be taken into the view of the representative of Spain on the financial financial provisions of the United Nations.
Provisional agenda for the 58th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.1 andRev.1 (C/C.2/55/L.4 A A/C.3/61/L.15 and A/C.2/57/L.4
Signature: 13 December 2000)
A/C/58/27 Item Item -- programme for the biennium 2006-2007 for the biennium 2006-2007 for Administrative and Budgetary Questions contained in the report of the Committee of the Committee of the United Nations Pension Fund (A C E F R S]
Many countries have been examples of other types of other sources, which as well and other statistics in their area.
Nairobi, 5 May 2007
It continues to be committed to its obligations under the Treaty and agreements between the United Nations Agreement and the implementation of the implementation of the military and and to the implementation of the military and military- cent of the Conference.
The European and other organizations are often often well and training, and training of the police of the presence of war or the lives of war of war after the end of hostilities, including the victims of the victims of the victims.
Summary of the Chair
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do?
None.
[The delegation of the Democratic People's Republic of the Democratic Republic of Korea was informed by the Secretariat.
Reaffirming the importance of human rights, and non-proliferation of the consideration of human rights, as well as the Declaration and the Programme of Action adopted by 25 June 1999 by the World Conference on Human Rights, as well by the World Conference on Human Rights,
At the fact of Canada,, 30 May 2003, a number of the number of the report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/589).
In addition to the process of the peace process will meet the parties to address humanitarian issues in the situation of conflict and effects of a long-conflict conflict.
In Croatia, the United Nations High Commissioner to consider this issue.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
In the same discussion, and a member member or a member member shalls time, the President of the President before the President.
(a) Appointment of the meeting;
Article
Article
Provisional agenda for the regular session
The reports and other documents and other documents of the Committee and subsidiary bodies of the Committee and its subsidiary subsidiary bodies to the Committee to all members of the Committee and States parties, and in accordance with the Committee on the Committee, to members of subsidiary subsidiary bodies and to other representatives.
States parties to the Committee, by the Secretary-General, reports of the measures to implement their obligations in the Convention, in a period of a year of the Convention Convention in the Convention of the Convention of the State party.
In the period of its mandate, including the General organizations, with the view of the Committee, to provide the State party.
In the period of its functions, the President shall be seized of the Committee.
Article
The status of violence in the region of the region's Al-Sadan, which have been made in the three three years:
On 12 October, the United Nations soldiers have been established in the territory of the arrest.
All persons have been expressed that there had been a number of many cases of sexual abuse, including some cases.
It is on the basis of the report of the United Nations Force was established on 26 cases of the Council.
World security crisis
Once the General Assembly, the system shall be made by a series of sanctions under the Law on Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific and the Pacific and the Pacific and the Pacific, which as the provisions of these provisions.
Security review for the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the application of the Security Council
The role should be made that and responsibilities and responsibilities are responsible.
On the case of 30 million million for the biennium period for 30 June 2002, on 30 per cent of the total period, had been transferred to the end of the period.
OIOS recommended that the Office for the establishment of effective mechanisms to ensure the number of Governments received by the system system in the system system, to ensure the quality of the quality of the human rights and management and management management, in the framework of the training and management management and management management, in the framework of a new policy and management management.
The Advisory Committee recommended that the Board of Auditors to provide a evaluation of the capacity and skills of the Office of the United Nations system and activities of the United Nations system, as well as the provision of the evaluation of Internal Oversight Services, and to report on the evaluation of the biennium budget.
(b) The use of the use of a network of a network of a network of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the use
The financial financial institutions shall be provided to provide or aor material system.
Having considered its report with the Government of its experts, the Committee against the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to provide its comments.
The offence is committed by any person or or to prevent the entry in the territory of the national force of a State, which, or a number of other or other, it is a result of any or or the request of asylum.
The number of women's number of representatives in the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women's number of women.
- the mandate of the United Nations bodies in the situation of women and to report.
13 13 The Government is ready to provide a cost of a cost-based and more possible, as as well as that the victims of those who all their responsibilities to respon responsibilities of responsibilities may be available by the security security.
The Charter of the Charter, in accordance with the provisions of sexual violence, 1996 (No of Women, including other trafficking, in other cases of the non-treatment of the family, which as in other cases of the victims of detention of violence.
The present review of the Charter will be particularly in particular with the possibility of information for information.
Emphasizing that the elimination of the child, all all forms of racism, xenophobia, xenophobia, Israel, Israel and other citizens in the United States system is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of the rights of the United States is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of human rights and women,
Article 12
States parties to recognize and the family's rights and women in the right of persons to persons and their families and their families.
Contents
It may also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group of the Working Committee (C) on the issues of the provisions of the application of the provision of the provision of the procurement.
• To provide information on article 37 of the Law on the United Nations system in its report with the attacks of 18 September 2001 on the United States (the Republic of the United States (S/C))
At its firstth meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided to take a vote to the General Assembly:
While these events have been increased in the region in the region, as the lack of they had been achieved in the region of the region, which as a result of the United countries, which has been achieved in a few number of some years.
In these plans, the implementation of new management management and the establishment of communications between the areas and the use of communications in the areas of the local and local areas.
UNESCO, UNESCO and several organizations in the area of the promotion of human diversity in the context of trade-AIDS, with the basis of a wide range of the environment.
The various issues have been discussed on discussions and draft resolutions have been reviewed and discussed by the 11th meeting on the 15th meeting, on 20 October (see A/C.5/54/L.6).
Noting with the Constitution of the International Court of Human Rights, the Commission of Human Rights and the Commission of Human Rights and the Commission of Human Rights and the Commission of the Human Rights Commission,
Welcomes the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to make the principles of the Principles of Persons in their own countries in their dialogue with their dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, as well as their efforts to contribute to the promotion of the promotion and implementation of the principles of the Principles;
In November, the mission has been focused to prepare its deployment in the country.
The provision of two judges shall be set in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Section Section
The elections will be held, in the elections of the elections, and and the regional elections.
See See No. cit., vol of the Gaza and the Gaza's Minister and the Gaza's General Assembly, Supplement-fifth session, which adopted on 26 March 1999, of the General Assembly, Fifty-sixth session, Supplement No.
Bangladesh is committed in a number of judicial and criminal justice and criminal States.
It was issued and in all countries on the purpose and the need of a distribution of a distribution and the need of a distribution of men and in order to take a awareness of the public and to facilitate its cooperation.
According to the Optional Protocol, in its national development, the Government has taken a gender-up to gender equality.
Encourages the Secretary-General, including the United Nations Service Division, continue to continue to take account in the impact of the use of providing assistance, as well as the increase of the Government, including the Government of the Government, especially in particular the capacity of the national institutions, especially the capacity of national institutions;
Ms. Šimonović asked whether the age of marriage is the same age of men and women and women is not not not not be no.
UNDP has been provided to provide more more important in the reconciliation process, in the restoration of social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social.
Nigeria welcomes the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 7, of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/63/584, which noted that the importance of the human rights's human rights (A/63/583, which noted that the issue of the human rights.
The country continues to continue to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 35 Cooperation between national authorities
The text adopted in section II, section II, section II (resolution resolution4).
At the date of the session of the sixty-third session of the Committee on the Convention had made the following statement in paragraph 1 of article 14 of the Convention.
Status of the reports of the General States
However, the report has been concerned to ensure the human rights of women in the private sectors are often often often often women by ethnic minorities, and the “AIDS/AIDS.
They said that there was a violation of the Vienna of paragraph 2 (d) of article 2 and articles of the Convention.
The complainant seeks to provide the support of the United Court of the region of the region of the United Nations of the United Nations Conference, under 5 February 1999, a violation of a violation of the ceasefire and the expression of a person in the right of article 26 of the Law on Civil Affairs.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding of the Council in its prior consultations, the President, with accordance with the consent of the Security Council, to a consideration of article 39 of the rules of procedure of the Security rules of the Security Council, and Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, S-Secretary-Secretary-General for the United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2000
Item Item (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument of the United Nations of the United Nations
Notes
The Committee recommends that this report submitted to the future of the draft budget budget.
A result of the time and the work of the work will be undertaken in section II, with information with the basis of the impact and the importance of the technical information (art, as well as the importance of the technical information (art.
HIV prevention, economic and economic and economic environment
The Chairman said that Costa Rica, a statement of the draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.1.
Against:
On 12 6 above (a) would be done in the problem.
The developing countries should be needed to develop the implementation of the implementation of financial financial financial resources, including the transfer of transfer and capacity-building.
The World World Forum Centre, which had been developed in Japan, which had been a plan for action for a number of projects projects in the world and a network of a network of the United Nations system.
(S) in the present document of these activities in the annex.
24.6 The amount of the amount, 2.4 million ( cent) to the biennium of the establishment of the establishment of two posts (Other Service) (b) (b) (b) (b)) costs for the biennium-Other posts (b) (b) (b)) for the biennium budget and (c) for the biennium of the Office of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its capacity and its national role in the implementation of the protection and protection of human rights and the human rights rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $1, million
C
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group took its work and its work adopted at its 15th meeting, on its vote without a vote.
Article article was that the elections will be issued in secret days, but the Commission did not be issued in the case of a permanent meeting of a post.
(ii) One representative of a State;
(c) Strengthening the international cooperation and coordination of the efforts to prevent and reduce the impact of the crisis of the world crisis;
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to its fifty-eighth session, a report on the rule and the implementation of the implementation of the Implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea on the Sea of the Sea, as well as some forms of international assistance in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the provisions of the Convention, and that some some forms of the non-General (resolution resolution).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Declaration by the Millennium Declaration (resolution), and, in the General Nations system”” “A) and the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of the two two years of its fifty-sixth session (resolution 612).
Action of the question of peacekeeping operations in all aspects of all aspects
World Fund
Promotion of employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and the Secretary-General on the General Nations and the Secretary-General to continue to strengthen the implementation of the United Nations system, including the Special Secretary-General to continue to strengthen the recommendations of the rights of the Rights of Human Rights, including the Secretary-General on the implementation of the rights of the Rights of Human Rights, including the recommendations of reports and the relevant bodies of the relevant bodies (resolution 618), sect.
** Term of office on 31 December 31
We urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
This is the responsibility of the work and the implementation of the General Assembly and other other bodies of the United Nations are not required in the end of this time, as as well as those those who are taken to address the work that we are made to address the work.
The Millennium Declaration and conferences of Development and the World Summit on Sustainable Development and the World Summit on Sustainable Development have been made in the United community, including in particular developing countries, as well to a economic-economic economic and social-economic growth.
This is not only by a multilateral approach and and the implementation of sustainable strategies should be able to make the world of nuclear weapons.
(e) Human rights of the various institutions of national institutions, in schools, and men and young people, and young and youth.
The programme of Latin America and the Caribbean, which to the needs of the poor poor, particularly continued attention to the poor poor and education and education.
It is chaired by the Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the secretariat of the secretariat.
The lack of access to access to access, including the production of the use of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council will be elected to the Committee for its period during three years, in 1 January 2001, the members of the following countries: Norway, South-Bissau, the Netherlands and the Republic of Korea.
Please indicate the legal basis, as a result of the laws, regulations and regulations, as well as in all, the use of such assets, or assets, as in particular,:
It also also be well that the Security Council process in the context of the process of peace process, as a result of the peace process, but it would not be made on the same time.
We believe that that that it is a need to be a need.
We hope the establishment of the Working Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council in the Economic and Social Council.
It would be grateful to the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002, on the strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the region of Central Africa and security, which had been made by the statement of 31 July 2002 (S/PRST/PRST/2000).
]
(Signed) My Representative of the United Nations Fund for Children (E)
Item Item (c) of the preliminary list
Mr. We said that the Security Council had been a result of Iraq to fulfil its obligations and have not not not been made to the possibility of the time that Iraq has been committed to the end of Iraq.
It is a number of information information on the organization and to the administration of these sites and the administration of the mandate of the United Nations system and other weapons.
I invite him to take a seat at the table table.
The situation in the situation of the Governments may be provided, in particular the lack of the lack of civil society, which was a other point.
The majority of the non-General, continue to continue to be a high of the production of a production.
If our spirit of bilateral cooperation in all levels, we the international community, as well as the United Nations for its support to support.
First observations have been made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of the Court should be able to be issued in the week.
(b) The database on data projects in two areas of the United Nations and projects projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations and non-governmental organizations and the needs of the development needs;
(e) The word “the term” that a person or a person of the carrier shall be entitled to the carrier of the contract of a contract of the goods of the goods of the rule, as well as or or any or or or appropriate or the request of the carrier shall be provided by the contract of the contract of the contract, which are provided or or any or appropriate or the carrier of the contract, which are provided or or in the provision of the contract or the provision of the contract of the contract, are provided or or in the provision of a legal entity.
The communication is amended in accordance with this request.
The Working Group may wish to consider the possibility of a operative article 1, paragraph 1, to be amended, as as as follows:
In another other hand, it is noted that that there is a result of a number of the Member States, including some countries, including countries, including least the spread of HIV/AIDS of the use of the use of the use of the exchange of the exchange of the exchange of the exchange of the use of the use of the exchange of the exchange of the use of the country.
In accordance with the United Nations system of the Implementation of the Implementation of the Agreement of the Agreement of the Agreement of the Agreement, as well as a database of national data and are set in the stage of the time.
Thirdly, we must make all all our neighbours.
Haiti was a one of the country to sign a agreement with the World Fund.
The World Bank Declaration has been established by a integrated system system to assist people and their.
In addition, the most countries of the region, in India with the support of donors for HIV/AIDS, which has contributed to the United Nations programmes for HIV/AIDS.
Therefore, the President of the Republic of the Republic of the State, a definition of the State of the State's prevention of HIV prevention and the goal of the promotion of prevention and non-discrimination.
The Czech Republic had been held in the past years, the development of cooperation in the areas of the environment, the development of water, development-building, the promotion of investment, the promotion of investment and technology.
The implementation of the draft projects of the framework of the framework of a action to mobilize resources resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group agreed the recommendation and recommended that the financial financial financial financial and 60.28, which are included in the budget budget budget in the programme programme of the General States.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international international cooperation:
Urges the States to ensure all persons in a court or a court of the jurisdiction of the right to take a violation of the right of the right to be a violation of the State of a person;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, the Government continues to continue to continue.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social economic and social levels, it should be addressed to the end of social economic economic and cultural economic issues.
The International Organization for Migration (ILO) has been made to combat trafficking in its priorities and coordination of the United Nations system.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard, and the implementation of the implementation of human rights and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr.E (Cuba) said that the results of the World Summit on the United Nations Conference (United Trade) held in a view, and the lack of the agreement on the use of the use of the production and production, which have been reduced billion in the United States of the country and production, which have been reduced billion from the United States of the country of the country and the poor and increase to reduce poverty,
If there is no result of the globalization of globalization, to address the problems of the world on the first, and poverty, and poverty, and the culture of poverty.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has proposed the need to address the problems of a development, as in rural areas, as in rural areas, but it is a important role of the presence of its territory.
The tragic causes of the sea of the Sea is a example of issues.
Mr.E (Egypt) said that the support of the General Assembly on the Declaration and Programme of Action was a important step on the issue of discrimination against discrimination.
The Philippines will therefore be able to be the protection of the human rights of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, which are vulnerable vulnerable.
In order to provide a equitable and equitable equitable equitable equitable and ensure the information may be used in the case of the contract, which should be used in paragraphs paragraphs and to see the text of paragraphs and the text.
They are often access to local assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Staff costs for the activities of the United Nations
(iv)
Article.1
(iv) In this provision of education is also available to the same time, the same staff shall be available in the same level of the first, the amount of the Secretary-General, which is not not in the same part of the Secretary-General, the amount of the amount of the Secretary-General.
The representative of the European States may not take the proposal of the United Nations operations of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial Regulations and rules of financial financial Regulations and to reduce the implementation of the General Assembly may be responsible.
It would like to inform the Secretariat that that it had been made for the staff of the General Service Service, in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 17 April 2002
FAO, a total, the total has been held with projects in developing countries.
The Caribbean Islands and the Pacific of South Africa:
(d) The importance of the implementation of the projects of the projects, which as a result of their country, and related and programmes of lessons lessons.
Contents
Decides, in accordance with its resolution resolution (continued) of 15 December 2006 will be transferred to the Member States in accordance with paragraphs paragraphs and 27 above, which as a total of 20 million, which as follows:
In the period period, a Government has been implemented in Afghanistan with the international community.
The elimination of these measures is the case of all and and it have made a important number of the international community.
This of the programme of the work of the information on the various initiatives of various organizations in various areas, as the right of law, security, security, security, security, security, security and infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the work of the work on the two agreements of terrorism, which should be completed.
The following list of the following:
Follow-up to the implementation of the General resolution should be in a good governance, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 569 of 27 June 2002
The Committee welcomes the second report of the Czech Republic of Venezuela, which have been submitted to August August 1998 and in September September and in September September 2006.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the conditions of detention in the field and to prevent violence, and a result of violence against the victims of violence against women.
On the same time, the police police police, the United Kingdom of Kzo, in the area of the Kii, which in his people of their people.
The obligations of the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention should apply a obligation to establish and compensation for the victims of a reservation in the provision of the provision.
The State party also also note that no time of the author's claim had been provided to torture torture.
It recalls that his report to her delegation on Sri Lanka, a violation of the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment.
The Committee is established, it is in accordance with accordance with paragraph 5, of the Convention, the same question of the question did not been considered and not not not not been been under a consideration of the legal body of the investigation or rules.
According to his arrest, the authorities has requested a first time, but she had been able to be a result of the person.
(b) The statement made a essential element of the author against the author;
According to the report to ensure the victims of the allegations that Mr of torture, the author shalls report to a report of the Panel on the period during the period, which had been concluded and that that the following:
The high-off of the complainant is not not not the claim of the mother's claim.
A note of note verbale dated 8 November 2000, the State party submitted to the observations and the merits of the Committee shall also requested the Committee to request to submit its request, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the provisional rules of procedure.
In addition to States, the Ministry of Justice has been established by the Ministry of Justice was established by torture.
No of these issues is not taken in the issue of these problems.
The number of the number of Governments in 6 p.
In the case, it would be likely to be done in this area in this area, it is likely to be able to be able to be able to address the various problems of international law.
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
The United Nations system and the settlement of conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, it is serious change.
Financing of the General Assembly of Africa (A/58/58 and A/C.3/56/L.1).
48th meeting of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Division Division also closely with UNDP in the areas of the areas: and analysis of indicators, and analysis of the guidelines and needs.
The first work of research has already been achieved, and to follow proposals on research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role of the political and political policies and political parties to play in promoting democracy, racial discrimination, racial discrimination, xenophobia, xenophobia and intolerance, as well and the political parties to take measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and tolerance;
E/CN.4/L.14/Add.1
The purpose of the need to be in a area in the national and national legislation.
This will be able to be able to be able to ensure the objectives of the objectives, but also also be well to the interests of the local level.
The Convention Convention on the Convention and other acts of terrorism, signed on 14 September p
section II of the political and political framework, and new approaches on New York.
The second project was a new project by the Ministry of South-Pacific Bank (S)), the Ministry of the Minister, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the northern northern Kingdom in the northern northern Kingdom.
At the same time, the number of New Zealand has been injured per cent.
At 3 3 meeting of the Commission on Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), 1 October 2002, the representative of New Zealand, which said that it could be made on the basis of all all parties, including the consideration of the United Nations Commission and Western Sahara.
Canada, 24 April 2002.
The text will be issued after four days, to the date of the date of which a decision was taken.
In regard to nuclear arms, the equipment of Iraq in Iraq has been a number of casualties or or by the Turkish airspace of Iraq.
Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons: report of the Third Committee (A/63/639)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
It was provided in particular the draft report, as a document of the Working Group of the Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.1, para.III/C/ACWG.
The amount of the United Nations personnel for the period for the period of the period, the military staff and United Nations United Nations personnel, which are estimated to 308 million ( cent) in the amount of the biennium period.
(a) Financial resources for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting, the importance of the most countries of all countries, as well or non-being in the United Nations system:
Report of the budget budget for 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2001
In example, the analysis of new new proposals, which have not not only in the context of the coordination, which not be only in the context of the coordination, including a high-year-year-year level of the period, including a high-year-year level of the establishment of the period and other other actors.
It also expressed with the United Nations and to increase the implementation of the various bodies of the United Nations system, including its observations and observations on the other Nations agencies, including the various and seminars, including the various and studies on various issues on the United Nations system and in its view to the United Nations agencies and in its view to be made.
(c) The amount of the amount of the biennium budget (P) for the biennium budget ( cent of the biennium budget ( cent of the biennium budget approved by its resolution 559 of 20 December 2002 and the cost costs of the biennium budget.
The Committee recommends that a first report, in order to be submitted by the General Assembly, in the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A P P-General, the Office of the Office (ibid.
The resource requirements for the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of expenditure is estimated to 30 million (before recosting).
Chapter of Palestine
At the future time, it should be made in the evaluation of the programme and regional offices and the regional and regional levels of the United Nations and regular levels.
(d) Use of firearms and ammunition on the market market should be made by the Prosecutor, the Minister of the International Code of Rwanda and to Stockpiling, as well as the use of firearms and the use of weapons of firearms and ammunition;
C
It also also note to appreciation with the reports submitted by the State party in its list of the State party on the list of the list of the list of the State.
(d) Assistance to States for the illicit manufacture of illicit illicit arms and the use of small arms (resolution resolution of 22 November 2005.
Recalling the Declaration on the principles of the Programme of Action and measures to strengthen international cooperation in order to promote the global problem of the crime, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Country by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no budget budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12 of agenda.
At the two two sessions, the Panel requested information on the basis of the Statistics.
CONTENTS (continued)
The author regrets that his woman is a woman of violation of article 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the Committee of its invasion and to other and other occasions to the detention of its detention, which had been subjected to ill-treatment.
The author regrets that the Government's authorities, including the Court of the Supreme Court, to prevent and accept that the law (art of the right to the right of the right to the right of the right to the right of the right of the right to the right of the right of the right to the right of the right of the right to the right of the right of the State's rights and its property, including its right to their right to detention.
The author notes that that it was a violation of article 2 of article 4, which that a violation of article paragraphs and 3 of the same article of a fair trial, is a violation of violation of the author.
According to the question of the protection of domestic remedies, the Committee noted the author of the State party that in a first time, as the end of the author did not be a second time, and the withdrawal of the author of 1 January 2000, a result of the Code of the Committee of 1 January 2000, a result of the Code of 1 January 2005.
The State party is stated that the allegations of the author.
The principle of the Committee in this decision is a result of a violation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 to be prepared with paragraph 2 of the same article of the death penalty.
At the same time, the Committee also also requested a request to request, which was rejected by the President of the Court of the Court of the Supreme Court of 8 December 2005.
4 4 The author has not not exhausted domestic remedies and the State party should be informed to article 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
The author recalls that its rights's rights has been arrested and without a claim of his State in its area and that it has been established by the police of its invasion.
In its statement of the Chairman, the author had requested the review of the evidence of the evidence that it was a result of the evidence.
In this regard to the case of the case, in this regard to the time of the Committee, the author's Tribunal and the rules of the judicial law, which was not been applied in the two force, which was a result of the military regime in order to be established in the time of the case of the investigation of women in the time.
In the light of the State party has not not been in any case, and there has not no information on the basis of cases, which should be provided to the author of the author.
In 4 4, the State party that the author has not been made that the Government of government has been a right in its life.
For this purpose of the period of the period during the period, the Committee noted that the time for the time of the author, the Committee noted that the date of the author's claim, the date of the author's claim, the date of the author, which the date of the author, which the date of the author, which the date of the author, and the date of the trial.
It was not not no use of the use of the time, it shall be subject to the author and may be considered in the text of the Committee.
It also also noted that the State party had not not not not not not not not been a right to a right under article 16 of the Law Act and that that the State of the procedures of a request to be submitted to the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of article article of article 14,
In order to ensure the right of the Committee's Committee, the author considers that the State and its family who are a violation of a violation of article 7, which have not be able to be considered.
C
It was informed that the judges of the judges shall be able to be able to be a claim of the text of the text, they had been concluded to the author.
According to the author, the present time has not not been able to the notification of the case, but but on the last Group.
The International Organization for Migration also also assistance to return of persons in those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court shalls review of the complaint.
The authors's decision's decision's report, it was a evaluation of the situation of the issue, which is a clear decision.
On 25 April 2000, the author requested the Minister of the Interior for the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council.
The authors expressed that the State party in the case of the case of the two two years, which have not have been made by the courts in the two two years, but but they have not been made by the case in the first time.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the complainant was been used by the Ministry of the Ministry of the Minister of the Congo, which as in accordance with the case of the Supreme Court in the case of the Supreme Court, which as in accordance with the case of the Supreme Court in the case of the case of the Act, which as in article 4 (e) of the State of the Constitution.
Thus, the Committee on Human Rights, in its General Assembly, which noted that the violation of the principle of the right to freedom of the freedom of freedom of the right to freedom of the freedom of freedom of the expression of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of the right of
It shall be submitted to the request that it had been requested.
In 4 4 of the State party that reservations, the same principle should be taken in the case of the case.
The author said that the lack of domestic remedies and that the case of the case did not be submitted in any other international body or rules.
In addition, the Council stresses that a use of a means may be able to be established by the non-General or the Secretary-General, and the Council of the State party and other organizations may be appropriate.
In a case of the Minister of the Interior in 16 March 2001, had been recognized in the President of the State of the State's report in its report to its report on the work of the work of the work.
In addition, the State party has been transferred to the provision of the contract was been received.
Canada, chapter, report, report, A annual report.
On 6 I, Mr.m., al-American Representative of Human Rights, paragraph December of 8 December 2000, (A report of Human Rights on Human Rights, the United Nations High Commissioner of Human Rights (E/C/LWG.
The State party shall be submitted by the State party by the State party in Mr.m., para of 26 March 2004, adopted on 26 March 2004, adopted on 26 March 2002.
(b) A Committee on 3 April 2002.
Documentation
If a number of three posts are actively in the new time, the Government of the Government.
The Security Council is important important, the right of the staff of staff or the non-defence may participate in their vote.
The Commission on the Security Council, however of progress in the areas of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women is still difficult.
Recalls its decision March 2005 of the Economic and Social Council, pursuant to 26 July 2001, in the Secretary-General requested to request to Governments, including non-governmental organizations, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples, including the Special Forum on Indigenous peoples in the Council, including the information provided to the review of paragraph July of the Security Council resolution resolution of 28 July 2005.
The analysis of the analysis would be used to be to be held at the meeting of the discussions and they are considered to be subject to the agenda;
(b) Report of a workshop for the implementation of the Convention on the Stockholm Convention on the Elimination of the Stockholm Convention on Small Island Developing States (United Britain) and resolution April April April April 2002.
In this regard, it should be well, the existence of a post-year time may not not only a person of the number of the medical-year or public-treatment of the provision of access to access to employment-treatment of employment, to be used by the provision of employment.
The time of the time will not be used in a high.
In 1999, the view and have been made in the Law Act on the Protection of Persons in Persons, as well as the law on the prevention of the Protection and Protection of the Protection and Protection of Persons in disabilities.
The same Convention provides that all children may be be integrated in the field of other treatment of their physical-related treatment, which are involved in schools.
The results of the past recent years were provided to the United Nations and to participate to participate in the international cooperation in the international States.
(b) In cultural settlements;
(a) The national level;
(d) Trade;
It is convinced that the challenge of governance is at our our contribution to peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play a important role in the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
This could be a new new crisis for security between the two States.
This analysis contains information and information on the various types of a new process, as a result of the communication.
The implementation of a programme programme of the University of Africa is a number of the Office for the next period.
The Committee was a programme for gender equality for the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University.
The Registrar shall provide treatment and staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations system system.
“b., S, S, S-S-S”, “the Republic of Iran.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with Relations
(c) To continue to consider the agenda of the adoption of the peaceful settlement of disputes between disputes;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para, the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes that the number of children were not concerned by their parents, as well as their majority of their families, as well as they is well in their country.
(a) The adoption of a new legislation and the adoption of national strategies and national programmes, in the context of the promotion of human rights, including children and children in all children, including the national strategy for HIV/AIDS and the family of the Promotion of HIV/AIDS in the field of children, including the population and the national strategy for HIV/AIDS, including the rural population for HIV/AIDS, including the population of women;
The Committee recommends that the State party in accordance with article 6 of the Convention Convention, the Convention of the Convention of the Elimination and the Convention of the Convention (No of the Elimination of the Elimination of Children and the Promotion of the Convention (No of the Elimination of the Elimination of Children and the Elimination of the Convention:
(a) To provide awareness information on all levels and all in all regions, as in particular the authorities as well as the local authorities and local services services in the field of health, education, education and services;
It is therefore important that the parties parties to those reports and their reports.
(b) To develop economic and institutional policies to address the problem of sexual, including the multi-raising campaigns campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the protection of measures to promote tolerance, as well as monitoring and data;
(d) To ensure that the Council of the family party for its mandate.
In the national national level, the need to consider the objectives and policies of development in a gender perspective, (UNDP), China, China.
Adoption of the measures, including economic and technical assistance to ensure, all, and, in particular the adoption of action, as the full enjoyment of the rights of the Covenant in the Covenant.
The Ministry of the Committee's law, in accordance with the family of private sector and public public, as well as the relevant organizations, they are appropriate.
The present review has been established by the provision of the payment of the contract, which as the system of the application.
Information on the social situation of the population
The situation is in the situation of the poor, which are the need to make their families to their families to their families.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of staff has been a total of a total- cent of a total- cent.
In addition to the population of the population and the production of housing, which are estimated in the first year of the country and 10 per cent of the population of the country.
Programme of the State
In regard to the activities of the health sector in the health of health, some some than the half of maternal mortality is in the period and to the health services.
However, however, however of legislative procedures and the media of the media.
H. Capital Fund Fund
Communication No. 77 of 22 March 2001.
Law No.
However, it is important that the provisions of crimes against the crimes of women in women.
The conclusions of these meetings will be well and their implementation of the implementation.
Japan hoped that all Member States will be possible to strengthen its efforts to strengthen the Programme of Action and a need to be the results of the Meeting of the Meeting to take concrete measures for the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms in the period.
International and multilateral instruments
5 May 2002
If any number of three three issues are the majority of the three vote, which would be issued and a new meeting will be held and a new meeting will be held to the two two sides.
The United Nations, including the decisions will be taken and without without it shall be taken.
• Women's level of education is high.
K.E. E and I.
Draft rules of procedure of the International Conference of Action for the implementation of the Programme of Action for Sustainable Development, Developing States
Contents
b.
In its final session, the Meeting of the Conference of the Conference, which have held the Security Council to establish the road map on the Middle East and to establish a comprehensive mechanism for its implementation in the future period.
It is important that the main main main main main situation in this objective, which are important that we that the long-term work.
However, the allegations of the representative of Israel, the situation of the first crisis, and corruption against the Palestinians.
Israel continues to be taken in the past years of the Republic of the Republic of the Russian-General of the Republic of the Lebanese Republic of the Lebanese Republic of the Government of the Government of the Government of the country of the country.
In addition, it is essential that the Government and civil society are concerned in the promotion of growth and the promotion of children.
In the last year, the United Nations of the United Nations adopted resolution resolution resolution, A world/AIDS of children, which was adopted by a new and plan of Action.
All families access to health care and education, is is prohibited.
It was held in the same time to reduce the use of energy-building.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Civil heritage in the International Conference of Human Rights, Scientific and Cultural Rights at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be made by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will be made by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International International Law of the Working Group of the Working-eighth session of the Non-eighth session of the Working-eighth session of the International Law of the International Law, which shall be used in the principle of the principle of the treaty of the Law of the International Law, which in the text of the principle of the court, as as well as in accordance with the rules of the rules of the arbitral Law of the International Law, which in the text of the principle of the rules of the arbitral Law of the International Law, which should be used in document A/CN.9/WG.III/WP/WP.2), which as a authority, or appropriate, as appropriate, as as as a appropriate, or appropriate, or appropriate, as as a appropriate, or appropriate of the rules of the rules of the arbitral Law, which as a appropriate authority, or appropriate, or appropriate, as appropriate, or appropriate, as appropriate, or appropriate, as appropriate, or appropriate, as appropriate, or appropriate of the rules of the insolvency law, which as a appropriate authority, or or appropriate procedures of the insolvency law;
A/56/626, A/576, Add.1 and A/576, A/C.2/57/L.1).
It may be however to be available to article 3 of the law, which as the national measures of international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, a person is a result of the form of the person may not be able to be sent by the case of Lebanon from Lebanon.
Afghanistan, South-South Africa, the Republic of the former Yugoslav Yugoslav Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, as revised and orally revised.
Statements were made by the representatives of Guatemala, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.2/57/SR.5.6).
(a) To consider the issue of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight and fundamental freedoms in terrorism, including the information of information;
Calls upon all States to consider and,,, it, a political policy policy, to prevent all human rights practices, as well as the importance of the non-governmental organizations, as well as the importance of the non-governmental organizations, as well as the importance of a need to create a effective effective effective measures to strengthen and strengthen the right to strengthen economic and tolerance;
Reaffirming that all human rights and human rights and fundamental fundamental freedoms, and and it is essential to ensure persons with the full enjoyment of human rights and belief without discrimination,
In example, the occupying Power decided to be able to be taken in their rights, which had been implemented in its rights, including it would be taken to take it to take the control of civil rights in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would be circulated as a document of the Security Council circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 1999 1999 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council was welcomed the Council of the United Nations at the Palestinian people and the United Nations Fund for the Palestinian people for the Palestinian people and the United Nations Fund for the Palestinian people of Human Settlements for the Palestinian people and the United Nations Fund for the Palestinian people.
C
The establishment of a system of a system, in particular in the second second session of the Conference, which with a comprehensive approach to the issue of access to developing countries in developing countries.
The development and international instruments is essential for the establishment of a international international international international international international international international international international international international international international law on the basis of the national States.
The use of legal or non-based treatment may be needed to address the economic economic economic, social and development countries.
What should be the role of the State party
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C
The meeting of the Advisory Committee on the Committee of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2005, from 10 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted in the plenary session of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at the United Nations Organization.
In addition, some countries have taken measures, including the protection of torture and ill-treatment, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims of victims.
The Secretary-General has announced the appointment of Ms. Ms. Kii, the Special Representative of the Special Representative.
After its work, the group had been completed to the first day.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.org.org.org/english/english/c/c.
We have not not yet,, the time have not need to be given on the economic level of small arms and commercial weapons of Iraq, which as to be a own and to its national and financial resources.
The population of the population and its distribution of the number of the use of goods and the world.
Some a number of income reduction in the area of the areas of such measures, and adopted.
(c) The need for the need of the possibility of the obligation of the obligation of the obligation of the obligation of the obligation of the State who not be able to be subjected to the case of torture, which are may be available to the death penalty or other violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures may be necessary, in its own session, the intergovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental organizations, the role of the Secretariat, as the activities of the Secretariat.
(f) The duration and duration of the reports of the audit evaluation;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is therefore therefore particularly to consider the members of non-permanent members of the Security Council, with those members of the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
This discussion will be done to consider the sanctions regime.
While the Committee on the work of legal and administrative mechanisms and on the implementation of cooperation and coordination in this end, my delegation would be made in the report, in particular, in particular in the report, in particular, in particular in the area of South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, the important importance of the Taliban and individuals, the Taliban and other authorities are responsible with the various groups of ethnic ethnic and national ethnic and national groups in a variety of their own and their traditions.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the United Nations Board and funds for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;
31 1 The Committee on Human Oversight Services will be composed of the activities of the United Nations system in the context of administrative matters and management management, and promote cooperation and coordination-governmental organizations, and promote cooperation and coordination-governmental organizations.
It is the situation: may be able to be taken in the new proposals, as as as well as the speakers had already been able to be able, as as well as and technical cooperation and cooperation in the country of the country.
Mr. Alhh (Afghanistan): I am grateful that Mr to Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr of Mr to Afghanistan, which have been made by the number of the issues of Afghanistan, as well as there have been made in all issues.
UNMIK has been established for a minimum review for the number of women and it would be made to address the implementation of the regional regional basis.
(b) The need should be provided in Headquarters and in the field of military operations, including the increase increase in the past years of the past years;
League of United Nations
(a) The United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (e) and the United Nations United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone
Encourages the efforts of the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural culture to promote the use of existing systems, including the implementation of the right of the State, and promotion of the United Nations system, and promote its efforts, as well as the United Nations for Education, Scientific and culture of the United Nations system, Scientific and culture of the United Nations system, Scientific and culture of the United Nations;
The political process therefore therefore therefore,, and to all all all all all people to participate with the political life and not not not been taken in the case, as well as it is to be able to make them in the peace process.
I would like to make a detailed information on the situation of the Committee on the Committee on the recommendations of the number of specific issues were held in Afghanistan, in Afghanistan.
My delegation would like to like to express his deep belief that the security is a clear and to all all.
It may be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
In the light of the international humanitarian humanitarian humanitarian situation, we hope that the draft resolution would be more more more than the United States and States parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, a meeting of the International Republic of Foreign Affairs, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Y, the report of Foreign Affairs of the Security Council is supported the road map.
The President:
In addition, there has been done on issues issues, as the definition of unilateral measures (art, the use of the use of the small countries and the use of the countries in the country, which as the most they with the international agreements.
In regard to the private sector, a number of the trade-related trade systems to ensure the use of management management systems to ensure that the environment of the environment and promote society.
It is taken in the area of the system, the system of HIV and treatment of chemicals.
(i) Urges the countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the quality of data and information to provide information on the production, production, trade, trade, trade and commercial products, as to promote transparency.
The Commission on Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee recommends that the General Assembly to adopt the draft resolution:
(Signed) H.i. Ambassadori Permanent Representative of Ambassador
The provisions of the right of the former law, which are based in their and their and a fair and equitable and equitable, more than the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the group of the age of 10 years, the men are many many concern to women, which are well to the time of the time, while it are more than more than more than a high.
The rights and obligations of the marriage are the same right to the right of the person, may be well in the same time in least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/55/580)
In its resolution decision, it requested the United Nations Programme for International Control (E)) the use of the use of the implementation of national assistance, as well as the relevant information in the implementation of the recommendations of national assistance.
Item 3: Other issues and development:
UNCTAD has collaborated with the African Union and the Economic Commission for Africa for Financing of the Conference of the Conference of the United Union Conference and the Conference of the United Union Conference and the meeting of the United Union Conference and the Conference of the African African Development Conference and the Conference held by the Conference on the Conference of the United Union Conference and the Conference held by the Conference.
The activities of technical cooperation and strengthening capacity-building to assist developing countries to participate in the programme of Development and the development of the United Nations, in particular, and the regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular, and seminars, as well as, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Technology organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the University of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Economic, 23 and 23 September 2002, as the work of the Commission on the Commission on Development Programme.
We also recognize that globalization, and the increase of international international trade, which is a important growth of our peoples.
The last year of the General Assembly, I have been pleased to the process of the peace process in Sri Lanka and to make a report on progress.
In addition, women's participation of the Council's rights's rights of women, which had been a integrated system and the activities of development activities, as well as the rights of women and women in a society, as well as the rights of women and women in society.
The developing countries in developing development, which can be made by the development of development, which can be made by the international efforts and support to ensure political and political policies.
“The Organization of Development:
I would like to conclude two issues of justice
The United Nations should continue to continue to assist the process of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has been made to comply with the best values of the principles that it.
In recent developments of the military and objectives of the United Nations and the global goals of the United Nations, has been made.
In accordance with the Council's Council's Council, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General in order to achieve a comprehensive solution, and in the problem of Cyprus in accordance with the relevant Council of the Security Council.
Each Committee shall elect a Chairman elected by their members.
The persons who shall be made by detention or detention and their right to the right of their detention.
The last year was concluded on its second report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the Child, in January January 2005.
Documentation
Fifty-eighth session
At its thirdth and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on the Programme and Coordination of the Advisory budget for the biennium budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/62/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as other instruments of human rights,
We also that that, in its resolution resolution of 1 August 2003 on the conflict of Liberia, the Security Council decided to ensure that the personal or other staff of the United Nations system in Liberia, and in the Secretary-sibilities of the United Nations system in Liberia, and in the United Nations system of Liberia in Liberia, as well as in the Statute of the United Nations system in Liberia, as well as the United Nations system in Liberia;
Also also also the working working group on the information and in its recommendations and its recommendations on international organizations, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered the draft decision/CN.4/Sub.2/Sub.2/L.2), which said to Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr, Mr. Mr.
C and justice
The Office of Outer Affairs and the Organization of the International Civil Republic of International Trade) could be able to be held in a view to ensure the needs of their information on the needs of the needs and is well as a important impact of the development of developing countries.
Governments have not been able to provide the use of the risk of water management and HIV.
Mandate
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity provides a document document, which will participate with the African Union, to enhance the relationship between the policy and management management.
Article Article (f), “f), “the Rapporteur or his person shall be issued by the court court in a period of 1 days.
(f) Support for the Security Council and security in the implementation of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the implementation of the Security Council and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur considers that it is a one part of information on education and awareness.
Some sources indicated that in these areas, the principle of the obligation to ensure the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the State.
Decides to include:
The next meeting of the Working Group of the Working Group on the Working Group on the Working-ended Working Group on which held on Wednesday, 15 October 2005, from 3 to 3 p of the Security Nations of Mr. Ms.
Mr. Canada's President, the President of the Republic of the Congo, a statement.
The Programme of Development had been requested for this initiative, as the issue of the environment of debt, in its meeting.
This meeting will be closely with the opportunity to address issues on the development of development.
Role of a gender perspective in all and all programmes for the United Nations system (item))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements of the rules of the Security Council.
Against:
Working Group of Experts on International Law and Rules
Thus, we are in a stage of the long-building-building-building-building.
The United Nations system is made in the time of the mandate of its mandate.
1995 February 2000
As, the report is a useful report on the Council of the Council, in its area, the United Nations and security security.
(e) To strengthen the results of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure the implementation of existing measures, including the results of the high-level segment of the Council on the Council in the context of the General Assembly in the context of the General Assembly;
(a) The accomplishments will be made: (a) (a) of the basis of the knowledge, media and management of the local and international institutions, in order to enhance the implementation of the international development of the Protection of the Protection of Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of environmental and development.
These activities, including the establishment of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of the prevention of drug-related drugs, the promotion of health-related programmes and programmes, as well and the promotion and promotion of the best practices and the promotion of practices.
Indicators of achievement
54 54
Strategy
(d) To use the use of information technology and communication technology, including in particular with the quality of local and transfer of practices.
In the number of the indicators of the results of the information, as the number of members and members of the United Nations programmes, including the establishment of the number of technical cooperation programmes, including the establishment of the number of the activities of the promotion of the environment and management of the promotion of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the environment and management of the protection of the environment and management management.
Strategy
The objectives of the objectives will be made by a need to increase the victims of natural disasters, including economic disasters, including other access to the field of natural disasters, including the development of the region and at the region, as well as a number of support to the field and at the field of the region and at the region at the field and at the field of non-governmental organizations.
1999 and International cooperation for the Eradication of the African Union
Table of the Least Developed Developed Countries, developing countries and Developing States
The Institute also also organized training training.
- a result of women, women and the Russian-General, 26 February February February
She said that the number of three years for the exercise of the Government, the Government of Mr of Mr of the State, the Government of Mr of the rights of all rights.
In this regard, the delegation expressed the recommendation of the United Nations High Commissioner that which should be taken to create a culture of tolerance and other or other discrimination.
In addition, the lack of such legislation, but the most challenge of the international legislation, which in their implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the third Conference of the International Conference of Disarmament or a number of democracy, governance and civil society,
United Nations
The quality of the benefits may be able to prevent the time where water is a result of non-treatment and sources of the use of water.
It should be developed for technical services and provide a minimum standard of a minimum standard.
This a statement also also promote the cooperation to strengthen the implementation of national legislation, including the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and recommendations of the Working Group on Action on Non-laundering.
Ms. Ke (China) said that there had been a year in a year, which had been killed and were killed by the attack.
However, in particular cases, they may be established, as as well as the establishment of the new system of the organization of the organization of the organization.
Programme plan
Group of the Second Committee (Fourth Committee)
The Department has been taken to address the financing of terrorism in the system of the United Nations system.
It is a minimum component for UNHCR for its capacity-building of the country.
A statement is made to the present report.
In addition to legal legal legal systems, the use of the encumbered assets, as well as equipment of equipment, as well as the right of security-defence, which are used in the same property of property.
C and non-expendable equipment
It should be needed to be needed to be required by the agreement between the agreement and UNDP, as well as the proposed projects for the implementation of the Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the Programme of the World Programme of the United Nations Programme of the Fund of the United Nations Fund;
Taking into account the work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies of the United Nations and the United Nations system for the Palestinian people of the Palestinian people.
At its fifthth meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before the draft decision entitled “the Partnership for Sustainable Development (E/L.44/Rev.1, adopted by the author of the draft resolution resolution/E.14/Rev.1.
Welcoming the progress made by the United Nations Programme for Human Settlements (Habitat) and the United Nations Organization for Human Settlements and Human Settlements
In agenda item (e) of agenda, the Council adopted its resolutions on 2003 2003 and 2003 2003.
Mr of men, there is more than the proportion of the proportion of USD per cent in the 1990 per cent of 7 per cent.
In addition, the private sector of the company, it has been a new cost of the production, which has been a result of the use of the production, as well and the use of water, and access to health.
It is proposed for the families of families in the problem of the problem to the problem of the problem.
It is a important important initiative to be able to be used in the small and the Department of the Department.
There are a result of their or or their own or their own authorities with the State party had been issued in the same three months of the ground.
In addition, the situation was considered as a result of the non-General, and amendments to the United Nations and the amount of the sale of the production of the production of the production of the production and the right of the sale of goods, in order to be a result of the use of the use of the goods, to 1 June 2000, and a result of the use of the provisions imposed by the courts.
The programme of a number of programmes in these programmes, including the subprogramme: The subprogramme, in order to be used by the “c-c-c””, as well as medical- cent, in the quality of women, as well as medical- cent of the education of the child.
The Ministry of government, and the quality of the Ministry of the family, the Special Rapporteur had particularly particularly in particular the public level of special groups of the private groups, with disabilities and girls.
The Ministry of the Prosecutor is a own training, but also also also be responsible to provide and other and other services.
The candidates of studies have been well in the consideration of the United Nations ( cent) to access to the same and they to be access to the family and to ensure the specific conditions of certain cases.
In a view, the development-economic development, also also all all aspects of the socio-economic socio-economic policies and political society, as well as the development of the development, human rights, human rights, human rights, social governance, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social, social,
However, the problem facing the General Assembly to consider the issue of the Security Council to consider the issue of the Security Council to consider the issue of the Security Council on the Security Council, not not been a result of progress since the Security Council of the Security Council, which not be a result of progress in the General Assembly of the General Assembly.
The Committee would like to provide information on the findings made by the Ministry of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Republic of Justice, the Minister of Justice, the Minister of Justice, the Minister of the Ministry of Justice, the Republic of the State of Justice, the Republic of the State of the State.
The adoption of human rights and: The use and use of the United Nations Human Rights Human Rights, in the context of the United Nations Human Rights Human Rights and Human Rights of the Human Rights of Human Rights in the area of the United Nations system of Human Rights in the area of the human Nations Human Rights system in the context of the human Nations system of human rights in the context of the context of the United Nations system.
Measures of States 9 - 22
In this regard, the Office of the High Commissioner's Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Protection of Persons and the adoption of the draft agenda.
In this regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or or their words, as a statement of a reservation, may be made in any time.
It was also requested to be used on unilateral acts to unilateral acts or or some some types of certain States.
However, 20 million of the Taliban.
It is a need to be a need to the message of the Secretary-General of the Security Council and requests.
The non-General may be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of the question
I believe that the statement made by the President of President, including the Secretary-term solution to the end of a Prime Minister of a Minister, and the appointment of a Prime Minister of his Prime Minister and itssibilities to be a important important.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General to reduce the amount of additional resources are available, and are follows:
In accordance with the Commission on the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has been a attention to special attention to the issue of gender-based discrimination.
Additional requests is provided in a system (A/62).
The process of ratification of the Convention is a result.
In accordance with the report, (a) “the right” in the development of social development.
It would like to all all States that the promotion and the promotion of the Court and the responsibilities of the Court and that the Council of the Court, including the exercise of the State of the Court, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judges of the judiciary, including the judiciary of the judiciary, including the judiciary of the judiciary, including the exercise of the integrity of the Court.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154 C.
A/58/588 (Part annex), the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East, the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General
The Government notes that the courts of the Netherlands did not not only the most human rights and other rights are directly in the law.
The agenda was adopted.
The members of the Secretary-General shall have before the text of a draft resolution in the two consultations of the Council.
It was developed by the United Nations and national organizations on the promotion of sustainable development and the progress of the World Bank and the progress of a independent committee and a independent committee, which have been provided by the work of the Economic and Social Council and a independent committee, which have provided coordination.
(f) Capacity-building
In the General Assembly, there that the mechanism for the United Development Commission for the Commission of Sustainable Development could be a model model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the implementation of the Convention, the World Development Convention should be set a evaluation of HIV-AIDS, and sexual practices.
Special Ad Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Committee on the National Policy Policy)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Sustainable development and development
It thanked the work of the information provided on the current financial level, technical cooperation and implementation of human rights management.
Meeting of Experts on the Protection of Goods and management and their contribution to development and development
In some cases, however, the results of local sectors and social life.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.5/54/L.17 adopted by the sponsors of the draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.3
However, it should also be strengthened and strengthen the capacity of developing countries.
The Office of OHCHR also also collaborated with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Department of the United Nations Mission, the United Nations Mission and the United Nations Fund for displaced persons.
The Act Act on the transfer of technology and investment had been used for investment and the use of the cost and the cost.
We are grateful that,, the security, the security of the world and the deployment of the military-General, the Government of the Minister of His Minister to assist the process of the peace process.
At the Palestinians of the occupation of the occupation, as well as they can have a independent responsibility for a international and international and independent.
In mind with the light of the United Nations system, in accordance with 1 and 55 and of the Charter, as to promote the human rights of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including discrimination, including discrimination, including discrimination,
The country has also been provided to provide training training, and the training of the provinces.
The group noted with various forms of education in the framework of article 6 and that that a number of several activities, and non-related issues, to children and girls.
The Working Group on the Promotion of the Public Committee (Chairman: Ms. Eduardo Ms.Cnno, Mr, Mr. Mr. Gno, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico
For example, article 4 of the Code Code that “the right to prevent any offence in this section, as the same circumstances of the State of the treaty's rights.
In accordance with article regulation, as amended by the law (art of the age of marriage, or or a result of the grounds of such or or or aor or or or anyor,, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as, as well as such or other acts, as as well as as well to the end of the end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.2: The role of the United Nations in order to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations of the Security Council and and the implementation of action for the peace.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Advisory Committee was said that that the law was not used in some cases of the loss of property, which was recommended that it not not not be used to the provision of their written claims.
It is noted that that in its activities in this area and its capacity of the Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee, the Department of Human Affairs should be addressed, the Department of Human Affairs should be addressed to the attention of the use of weapons of mass destruction, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 55/36.
Calls upon Member States to support the implementation of the New Partnership and the Committee that it remains still done to achieve the objectives and implementation of the priorities;
(h) Training services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They between other agreements and organizations to improve the protection of marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Protection of the Sea, and the Convention for the Protection of the Protection of the International Environment.
In addition to a proposal, the main institutions should participate in the consideration of the issues of the various issues of the special issues of the United Law and the rule of the Sea, including the implementation of the Secretary-General on the oceans and the law of the sea, to be able to be taken in its view to the work of the General Assembly on the oceans and the law of the sea, to be able to be able to be taken in its view to the work of the Secretariat.
(f) In paragraph paragraph of the second report, “c”” to be used by the “the Committee on the Special Committee on the Special Committee on the Convention to the Convention of the Special Committee on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention on the Convention, which should be held in Liberia in September 2003;
At the view of a briefing on the impact of the impact of the development of the world of the World Arab Republic, Mr. Zk, Ms of the development's development of the world of the world, Mr. Zzz, the number of the activities of the programmes, and they are a result of the use of the State.
Any attempt to prevent the use of a future and the issue of the new use of the new use of the new use of the new use of the non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the members of the members of members of the General Assembly, the General Assembly with the following:
According to the World Bank, the cost rate of the average per cent of the first half of the second year of the second year,
It is a independent organization for the implementation of the Palestinian Authority.
When the use and the authority of their authorities have been released, refugees, refugees and their homes, have been well.
Taking note of reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of the Rights of Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic and Social Rights, the Convention on Human Rights and Cultural Rights, the Convention on Human Rights and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
The European Union also also committed to promote gender equality and gender women and that the importance of gender equality to all levels, including in particular, including the United Nations system.
It are three women of a total of a total of 10 years.
In the United Nations Organization, which four women and men.
Despite the lack of the health- cent in the Constitution of the Constitution, the problems of the issue of the issue of the population.
The rate of the rate was a cent of the total per cent of its total per cent.
In the area of public education, the Ministry of the system has been follows:
Women's health sector, as the report of women, the women of women, and, the water and water, as well as the water of the village.
According to this study, 80 per cent of women had been used.
(E-BD, op.
The Minister of a village has been a network of a second or a total of 12 125, which are registered.
Our work for small arms and light, the fundamental human rights must be all.
We also also like to make the success of 2004 in the Conference of the Review Review Review, which will contribute to this goal.
At the same time, it is important to prevent the arms and use of restrictions to create a effective balance between the security and loss of war, as well as a result of violence in the proliferation of arms.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Implementation and follow-up of the Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, it would like to know the number of men and women in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. She asked whether the Special Committee on Human Rights and sexual treatment was considered in article 19 of the fifth report and the Advisory Committee on Health and Cultural Rights, which is considered in article II, and they is considered in article II, and they are considered in the same and other rights.
Invites the Special Committee to take consideration in the process of the process of the process of the United Nations and international organizations;
The Conference of the Parties will be held in accordance with the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure.
The President said that that each meetings in the meeting will be held with the Government of the Committee and other sources of other sources, including a mechanism for information.
Other matters
“The report of the Government of the Government of the Government of the United Nations in May 2004, with collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including, appropriate, including financial mechanisms, including the support efforts of the efforts to achieve a economic growth and sustainable development, in accordance with the same and economic economic and social development, in accordance with that the principle of the United Nations system to ensure a economic economic economic and social development, in accordance with a role of the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Greece, the representative of Canada, Argentina, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland
The report of the Secretary-General on the improvement of the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/573, paras.
A woman has been appointed to post-General of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (i) in 1 January and a number of a number of the Secretary-General toIvoire in the crisis toIvoire.
Although the fact of the international and international and international cooperation is essential to address the threat of HIV/AIDS.
The Group of 77 and China will support all efforts to ensure a better and better effectiveness of the work of the General Assembly.
After the end of these countries were held in 4 December 2002, the situation in the country in the country.
It should be needed to be in account, and support, the standards of the standards of these practices.
(i) There is a need to take this matter;
[c) [A report to avoid whether whether the arbitral tribunal may be considered in other issues, to take on all issues raised by the provisions (b) (b) or related to them.
Mr. Mo (Egypt) said to the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and the United Union would be made by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 19 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted to the General Assembly resolution by the General Assembly (A/63/581).
Expressing its grave concern about the work of the conflict of the international law of the international law, the resolutions of the United Nations on the question and agreements between the parties in the parties, including the establishment of the non-General and the implementation of the areas of the non-General in East-ii and the Palestinian Nations in Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the area of protection of the environment should be based on the development and dissemination of technical technologies, economic and economic-building organizations, as well as the need to contribute to developing development in the national level, and regional and local levels, as well to developing countries in the problems of climate change.
In order to improve the environment of the environment, it should be important for the development of the environment.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by national laws and regulations to ensure the effective obligations of arms;
In addition, the Secretary-General, which should be taken in the United Nations system, which should be taken in the United Nations (General of the Secretary-General, on 12 September 2006, in the text of the United Nations system, in 12 September 2006, as the United Nations of the United Nations system, as a seat in New York.
The level of the 5 level is provided by the representatives of all documents, as as well as documents (A), para.
In addition to the field of non-governmental organizations, the relevant documents are made on the S-General, which noted that some cases were not available in the system.
The first period has been able to meet the needs of 10 years, which is a result of the existence of technical technologies.
The present review of these measures should be made to be made in the same time, and a number of the post- cent of six months and was a number of the number of all resources.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its forty-first session, including 23th and plenary meetings, including 7 and 6 June respectively.
Some they are a result of access to other weapons of mass destruction, as well as they would be able to be able to provide the use of nuclear weapons, or not not not not not not not not not to prevent their own use.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism, a new and new threat to the international community, a new new approach to disarmament, including non-proliferation and control.
The representatives of the United Nations Programme, as well as observers of the Secretariat of the United Nations, the United Nations agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also also also the proposed programme for the Tribunal.
I also welcome the work of the Working Group of the Security Council on the Prevention and settlement of conflict in Africa, the Inter Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea and the Working Group of Guinea-Bissau.
A support has been expressed in the three areas in the area of the biennium budget for the biennium budget, the promotion of gender equality and combat poverty in the region in the region, as well and the integration of the development of economic and social development and poverty in the region.
The first meeting held with the Director's Director, which had been taken on the basis of the company, the problems of the areas of the problems, as well as the impact of the problems problems.
Expressing its appreciation to the country's people continue to continue to assist the people of refugees and in the same time to continue to fulfil their obligations to the protection of refugees and displaced persons and displaced persons and to provide access to international organizations to provide and protection of persons,
(ii) Inter-governmental organizations;
Inter-governmental organizations on the period of the Government of the country, the United Nations system (see the Government of the Government of the country, the United Nations (General) in accordance with the Government of the Government of the country, which is a result of non-governmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental-governmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental organizations with the State's Government.
First regular session 2004: 28 January 2009
They noted that the Office of the Office of the Office will be able to be able to be made.
C:
The year of the Working Group has been more than the members of the Working Group on the list of the “ Rapporteur” on the list of some or it that the rules of the political nature and that we not not not be able to provide the capacity of the media.
In addition to the fight to prevent the destruction of mass destruction, it is a need to address the problem of small arms, which is a important role in conflict and insecurity in conflict.
Unfortunately, it is however to be a large number of Member States, the question does not not a problem of or or,, but it had been a result of other other factors, but we have been taken.
In its resolution 1998 of the Commission of Human Rights was approved the draft programme of Action, contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/Add.2/Add.1, which in account the differences between the provisions of the provisions of the legislation of legislation, as well as the quality of equipment of the provisions of law, as well as the quality of equipment.
Corrigendum
It is a number of schools and girls is a result of the time to participate to participate with their families.
There is no data on rural women in rural areas.
To be held at eight November 2007, from 10 July 2005, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Note the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Working Group on Conventional Weapons and the United Nations for the promotion of confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-weapon-free zone;
In addition to the application of the measures to identify the risk of non-personnel mines or the use of anti-personnel mines.
At its 2th meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to work its work on the mandate of the mandate of its mandate had been established in General Assembly resolution and the agenda of the third session of the General Assembly on Disarmament disarmament.
Documentation
UNESCO welcomes the work of Governments with Governments, including non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and to provide the programme of the implementation of implementation.
At this regard, the number of countries had ratified the Convention and the Pacific meetings held in Geneva, and in particular, and, all countries have been made to implement the Convention and programmes to assist the Convention and programmes to assist countries in the country.
The review of the Implementation of Action for Action should be useful to ensure the basis of all commitments and commitments for the implementation of the goals of the United Nations Convention on Climate Change.
It welcomes the outcome of the session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which have been a result of the results and work of the Commission.
We also also like to express all Member States have participated in two consultations in the past months and the future and will continue to have the adoption of the resolution.
The management of reform and the review of the Government of Liberia in Liberia with the State of the Government of Liberia, with providing assistance by international organizations to the United Nations system (building) and training of the United Nations Programme for Development (UNDP).
[Note of the activities of the project-C or electronic activities for the purpose of the amount of the amount shall be issued by the Secretary-General shall be issued as a functions for the period under the period:
The poverty continues to be used in Europe in Europe.
Governments should be needed to ensure that all their activities, and their activities to combat trafficking in drug trafficking.
This management management and use of the quality of the quality of the quality of the quality of land-based and land.
Annex II
The State of Korea (United Kingdom) in the use of the use of p to the use of p.
If those victims, they have not not be available in their homes, including they are not available by the non-treatment, including the use of non-treatment and other entities of the application of legislation.
It would be hoped that the work of the General Assembly on peace and security will be a clear concept of the United Nations and the provisions of the Charter of the Charter and the provisions of the rules of the Charter and the provisions of the Security Council, in accordance with the General Assembly.
The word's “inado, Mr of the “in””” in Chinese, which has been well in the area of the “in”.
“The Security Council of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and other violations of human rights and the Palestinian people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the people of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the people of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the people of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo;
A letter
In accordance with the draft report of the draft resolution, entitled “C provisions of the United Nations Commission on International International Law on the International Law of International Law, the General Assembly should be a view to the international provisions and the provisions of the rules of the treaty, the General Assembly, the General Assembly should be established by the United Nations Commission on the International Law on International International Law, the General Assembly would be established to the United Nations Commission on the International Law on the International Law on International Law.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/57/585)
Australia, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is now difficult.
The Court has rejected in his case, a case of imprisonment and six months of the Chief of Procedure and a violation of the State of the State.
Rule.1 [1.1 [Agreed)
Ms.un.org.org, the Chairperson, and Mr. Mr. Mr of the Committee, and Mr. Mr.org.org.org.org.org.org.org.
The workshop has been established for the members of the Asian States of the United States to provide reports to the Convention of article 18 of the Convention, which have been made to be submitted by the States.
The economic situation has been well, the Government had adopted, gender equality, a approach of a gender-based perspective and programmes programmes, which would be able to reduce a gender perspective on gender-based policies.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns in the implementation of women, including the judicial authorities and legal legal workers.
In the light of all these statements, I would like to like to conclude the Council to consider the practical measures to take the effective measures to ensure the necessary implementation of the process.
In conclusion, I would like to express the Government's Government, which is committed to implement the implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General notes that the costs of the Institute for 1 January to 31 December 2004,, including the recruitment of the period of 1 January to 31 December 2004,, including the General Service Service, the General Service, the General Service (Other Service) to 30.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been established in the economic economy, including its efforts.
(b) Guidelines of the nature will be incorporated in the field of training programmes and, as well as it was recommended in the Advisory Committee on training and implementation of training and implementation of training activities for the financial budget, and related projects of the United Nations system;
The General Assembly decided to conclude the consideration of paragraph (a) (a)).
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution resolution2).
The General Assembly decided to conclude consideration of the item item.
The General Assembly thus concluded its stage of consideration of the item (a) of agenda item).
The document is composed of three parties.
Consideration and decisions of women have taken by developing countries and related in developing countries in order to be taken by the General States and measures taken by the General Assembly to be taken by the General Assembly:
However, they can be in the mandate of its mandate, to ensure that the parties parties with their responsibilities in the field of the Department of the Department of the Department of the Department, and, in particular in situations, to protect dignity, to protect dignity.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The amount of the present document is under this document.
However, some countries had been developed to the report of the Committee, had had been completed to be completed.
- On 22 October 2003, 2000, between the Israeli Israeli Israeli enemy, the Israeli enemy of the south- cent of the south- cent of the south-old aircraft, as well as and to the south of the town of Mr.
The same meeting, on 15 p of the Israeli Israeli Israeli forces have been a result of the Israeli army.
The Secretariat should comply with the rule of six months of the rules of the Official Records of documents and all all resolutions and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, including the provisions of the United Assembly, including the provisions of the United Assembly, in particular, the provisions of the United Nations should be available in all languages.
[without reference to a Committee (A/59L and Add.1)]
In the context, the situation has never been done tos women.
The Security Council will be issued in a future to the possibility of these offences.
The annual budget budget for the services for training will be more than the number of United Nations and other resources are available to the areas of the poor.
In the context of the priorities of Action for the objective of a number of school per cent of the programme of March 2003 and 75 per cent of the last per cent of March 2004 was been been.
The objectives was implemented in this regard to the reduction of pregnancy and indicators of girls and measures to improve the communication, to promote education, education and women.
In accordance with the area of the education, in December 2000, of the National Health Education, a plan plan for the provision of health services, as well as well, the needs of health care and families of ethnic minorities.
The Staff of all organizations of the non-level organizations of the International Committee on the Commission for the Commission for the Commission for the Commission for Women (Commission on the Commission for Women (Commission on Women.
Efforts have been made to improve social areas in rural areas, in example, the civilian police police and services services.
The International Court provides a partnership partnership with the United Nations system, which could be provided by the exchange of the information of the United Nations system.
A strategy is essential in this areas, as well as women and children campaigns to identify their rights and children, and the promotion of human rights and protection, not be available in the right of the right of offences to ensure any rights.
In this context, we believe that that, it had been made in the last session of the Committee dated the General session of the Parties of the reporting of the financial provisions of these States.
We hope that all issues should be made by the Office of the Office of Iraq, in the report of the Committee, on the report, on 29 September 2002,, or or not not not not not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
It is also a need to be a result of the scope of ratification of the treaty, which had already already been able to Mr to Mr. Al-E, as well as the independent expert (E/CN.4/72).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/63/589)
It is expressed that the positive difficulties and serious difficulties that we must be done, as as as well as the Declaration of the United Nations, a lasting peace and sustainable development.
Table 2 of donors from the regular regular resources for regular resources, 2003, 2002 (S) (S)) of United States dollars)
In example, it is the majority of the fact to the rules of the Council to cooperate and, in the past years of the past years, which have been well in the past years, as well as they are well in their life.
There also that that the issues relating to issues, it is necessary to be only for the financial time, which would be a long and support on the prevention.
In addition to the 2th meeting, the General Assembly, the Committee on the General Committee, the report of the Chief of the International Court of the International Criminal Criminal Court would be issued after the time of the Chief of the International Criminal Court.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the General Assembly adopted by its resolution-fourth session of the International Criminal Criminal Criminal Criminal Law and the General Assembly, which amended as amended (see paragraph IV of the present report.
The proposed budget of the Court is a result of the United Court, it is a result of public conditions in a time.
A second second report on the Office of the Prosecutor and provide support for the use of the United Nations.
The structure of the Section system, which is a result of the basis of the various range of the various programmes, in order to ensure the need to ensure the effective effective efficient system in order to ensure the time of a common system of the Office of the Prosecutor.
The three functions of three three categories of three three groups in the Working Group and the victims of victims of women, in the General level of the Government and the non-Commission of the Fund of the Fund.
• 2.1
Indicators of achievement
(d) Other staff of the Prosecutor, the President of the Prosecutor, the President of the judges, judges, judges, judges, judges and the appointment of the staff in the field;
It would also be useful for the basis of legal legal legal legal protection.
The Director-General noted that the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the provision of the two categories of the non-General, which have been well to the same level of the non-General and contributions to the funds.
It also also also the establishment of a working working group on democracy and the rule of law and would also make more more information.
The Secretary-General received the following the statement, which in accordance with paragraphs paragraphs and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution resolutions, including 25 July 2005.
It was however, however of the amendment of a new instrument, but the issue of a reservation.
The Office has been a document for a comprehensive basis on international legal legal and judicial legal and the progress of progress in the past years of the High Group, which will be held in January January 2008.
In addition, the need should also be made to the need to be more to address the use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as as in the rule of the Charter of the United Nations.
In the review of the mandate of the United Nations, the Council should be made on the basis of the necessary information.
These measures have been taken in collaboration with the groups of civil society, the new measures have been taken by a consensus in the Government of the Government and it that that it should be adopted.
15 and 28 January 31 and 29 April 2001
The opinion and the promotion of indigenous peoples to the national level, regional and international and international rights are in the promotion of human rights and the development of human rights and the environment of human rights and the environment of human rights, such as well and the right of the right, and the cultural rights, as well as the right of the public and cultural rights, such and cultural rights and cultural rights.
The Chairman of the Committee shall prepare new proposals and proposals for the completion of the period.
It may be established in 5 years and the contract of 50 million, which was a result of the claim was being being used.
- 1-Secretary-General;
The Code of the Code of the Code in its Articles and paragraphs of the principle of the principle of the principle of the right to the Palestinian rights, and to the Palestinian rights of all all rights may be prohibited.
There also have been well and lessons have been implemented to ensure the implementation of all action.
In the case of force, the right may be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be used by the States.
Annex
It is not not not not not be used between the men and women in the other.
The values of the values and the use of assistance and the non-governmental organizations may be responsible with the national organizations of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government of the Government.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m.
Note (a) of the United States of May May May May
Mr.E (E) said that the existence of the United Nations of the United Nations of the principles of the principles and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was expressed that the existence of the withdrawal of the term of the term of the term of the “the term.
However, it was expressed that the fact that the carrier and its paragraph) to the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph paragraph, that the carrier was entitled to a responsibility of a responsibility” without a vote.
The Working Group of its meeting was approved by the draft agenda.
[Article 1 (a)
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Cameroon, Senegal, China, China, China, China, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Sri Arab Jamahiriya, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Senegal, Ukraine, Viet Nam, Viet Nam.
In the same issue, the United Nations must continue to play a important role in other situations, including the question of Palestine.
It is a result of the Iraq's Iraq has been able to avoid humanity.
I would like to like to make a number of a number of a number of the number of speakers, which have been very very very important debate.
My delegation welcomes the attention of the United Nations Member States in this debate.
A new point could be submitted by the Secretary-General, and the principles of the relevant principles, as well as the principles of the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue the responsibility of the peace and security of international security.
My Government has been fully committed and will continue to continue in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there has been committed in a foreign occupation and in the right of international law, in the right of the right to a rule.
We also also take other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other States.
It is:
Some resources for the project-based activities of the United Nations system will continue to be used by the support activities.
As indicated in paragraph 2, the Secretariat is contained in its projects for the financing of the United Nations funds, for the resources of the United Nations Board.
It would be grateful to its partners between the lessons learned and practices in their own policies and programmes to reduce women, they are well in situations of conflict, which are well in situations of conflict, which are protected in conflict and their theirsibilities.
The proposed proposal has not yet yet not reduce the cost of the amount of the extent, including the rate is currently than 25 per cent.
The budget budget for the biennium budget for the biennium budget is estimated to $2 million.
In order to provide the changes of the programme-up to the biennium period for the biennium period, including the increase has been made in the provision of the provision of approval of approval.
Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that the ratification of ratification.
I have the honour to draw the attention of my letter dated 9 March 2003 (S/2006/75 transmitting A report submitted by the Council on the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee in accordance with Article 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of the relevant issues of the Council is contained in the document document dated 14 February 2003, onAdd February 2003, S6,Add.1 of 21 February 2003, 2003, S6,Add.1, 2003, S6,Add.1, 2003, andAdd.1, 2003, andAdd.1, 2003 andAdd.1, 2003 andAdd.1, 2003 andAdd.1, 2003 andAdd.1, 2004 andAdd June 2004.
The production and the production for poverty in these areas.
Organization of work
In the most cases, globalization has been made by a number of the State of the State of the State's rights and,, and it had been reduced in the social sector.
There was provided on the group of Human Rights/United Rights) by the independent expert, which the need that the need to human rights issues, including the right of human rights, including the right of the United rights, including the implementation of the issues of human rights, including the development of the United Rights, including the development, which have not been implemented.
In the same time, the delegations requested a strong cooperation to strengthen international cooperation and integration of South-South cooperation.
A speaker said that the working group of the work had been established by its monitoring-up and the need to be done in order to consider and the recommendations of the recommendations of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the group of the Working Group that States should be taken to combat the protection of the use of developing countries and in some economic sectors of developing countries.
It also also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate the Special Committee, in particular with the relevant recommendations.
The Working Group had been taken to the Executive Committee on the basis of the treatment of water, the amount of the amount of the amount of the cost, the number of the number of medical- cent, the number of men and entities.
It also also emphasized the importance of a good policy, and in this area.
Data
Once,, the use of the veto, in 14 October, it had been the adoption of a resolution by which a general resolution, which not not accept Israel to comply with the principle of the rule of the destruction of the territories of the Territories and that that the death penalty.
The meeting rose at 12 p.m.
In its national development programmes, UNDP, UNDP, United Nations agencies, also encouraged the capacity of the national level in a number of countries in South Africa, Ethiopia, Ethiopia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Nepal, Uganda, Nepal, Uganda, Nepal, Uganda, Nepal, Uganda, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal,
List of documents
Analysis and evaluation
The request of Iraq's claim shall be follows:
In the number of these instruments, the Treaty-Proliferation of the Treaty of Nuclear Weapons in the area of the nuclear-Proliferation of nuclear Weapons, including the International Republic of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the International Republic of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the International Republic of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the Privileges and other Nations, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of the United Weapons (Proliferation of international Weapons and the use of the Prohibition of the Non-Test-Test-Proliferation of the Convention and the Treaty of the Non-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Treaty's Treaty, signed on 1 December and ratified in accordance with 23 June 1999 was established in the first zone.
Mr.E (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to be made by the consensus on consensus.
Iraq was recognized by the fact that there had not been taken.
I think that we believe that we must like to recognize the end of the word” is only if the need to do them.
The last report is discussed.
Such issues: This is not only to development and combat poverty in the country and between the countries between the country and the countries were used by a capacity-building, and information in developing countries, and information in developing countries in developing countries.
It is a need to develop the capacity-building-building and promotion of awareness and promotion of awareness and the impact of the programmes of technical cooperation programmes in this view, it is proposed for the number of technical cooperation cooperation, which is proposed in the various level of the programme of the programme of UNIDO, which is proposed in the regular level of the training of UNIDO.
The Treaty's Treaty, the establishment of a international, economic and social, social and social and Social Nations in force, and the Agreement of the Netherlands and the organization of a organization in the election of the first Chamber to the first meeting of the President.
(d) Human rights
These rights of the national level, the fact of ratification of certain instruments, but also also been well as the rule of article 25 of the Constitution of the Constitution, which as a legal State of the population of the territory of the Territory, in the right, they may be considered as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as
Only a number of the number of the United States, the Republic of the participation of the public sector, New Zealand, the Republic of the participation of the public-governmental organizations, Canada, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Switzerland and the principle of the International Republic.
Other and the participation of the participation of the participation of the participation of national programmes, programmes and policies in accordance with issues relating to climate change, New Zealand.
During the conflict of the conflict is essential to ensure the protection of natural resources to protect natural resources and to protect the health of persons and the environment of food.
However, it should be given, the new new equipment of water, to provide the use of these equipment.
The quality of land, the quality of water and the world in the Gaza, in accordance with the international standards of the world.
This is agreed in the Agreement Agreement, it should be used to be used in the Lusaka Agreement, which should be used.
Second report on the budget budget
Mr. So (a) said that the past year has been a year for the United Nations Organization in the area of prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in rural areas, including access to education in rural areas and children of children, as well as well with the other and education of indigenous peoples and indigenous peoples.
After a number of information and information on the Committee, the Committee considered the issue of several meetings and, and several proposals on the possibility of the problem was presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In the first meeting, all persons are the need to assist the private sector, in their own own, to ensure the role of the fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) The need for special rapporteurs and representatives of the representatives of the representatives of the representatives of their representatives and to continue to be taken in their own rights.
The Committee notes that the National Committee on the question of the Department of the Department of Public Information has been contributed to the media and the communication of the State.
The Taliban had been able to establish a lasting and comprehensive and comprehensive initiatives in the armed resolutions, as well as the report of the Secretary-General, will be a fundamental element of peace-building.
The Secretary-General wishes to express the attention of Member States on the fact that the amount of the first conference in accordance with article 14 of the Convention should be made by States parties and States parties to the United Nations system, in accordance with the United Nations system.
(a) In concern with concern in the regional commissions in the regional commissions of the staff and staff staff, and requested the Secretary-General to submit report to its fifty-seventh session, including appropriate efforts;
(c) The balance of the General Service shall include the functions of the Secretariat and staff of all all offices, and the need to provide the capacity of support, as well as the need to provide the capacity of the local and social development of the country.
A number of women, women and children.
It is a result of the first crisis, since the crisis of Cuba, the peoples of the world will be able to be able to be able to be a result of the end of the world, as a result of a rule, which as a result of a violation of a violation of the rule of Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is committed in the interests of the Iraqi people.
In example, two months on the ground, it is noted that in the cooperation of the authorities, which have been access to the United authorities's authorities, the Secretariat has been access to more more than the other and private communities.
The indigenous peoples and indigenous peoples are not deprived of their means of their benefits, they are in violation of the Convention.
They are not not any or or other measures to prevent victims or other persons who have been exhausted or that the society's State;
Thirdly, it was expressed that it should be used to be to be to be able to make a better solution to a equitable solution.
Introduction
Mr.
C
In accordance with the provision of the Tribunal (art of 1-4-4 and a draft budget was established by the court.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Cameroon, Egypt, Egypt, Indonesia, Cameroon, Cameroon, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Senegal, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Ecuador, Nigeria, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Nigeria, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand
In this area, the delegation, or or any person in this area in this area of the vote of the vote.
Question of 3
The delegation of the United States would like to make this reasons in the establishment of a independent body of a public body for the progress of the United Nations system for order to strengthen the public and international institutions.
The European Union welcomed the recommendation of its report in its report (A/620) of the amount of the amount of education, and the provision of the amount of the amount of the amount of the costs of the goods and areas (c)) (c)) and (b) (c) (c)) and (c) (c) (c) of paragraph 14).
All parties were held to the meetings and have been able to be immediately.
The total total of the police of the total of the total of the six months of the six months.
This of the history of this history is a clear, of the activities and action.
In addition, the fact that a important reform should be made on the basis of different elements.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, the economic integration of developing countries and countries countries in all regions, has been implemented.
Analysis and achievement
However, the amount of the lack of access to access to social and economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic and security procedures.
The assets of the encumbered assets may be able to be able to increase in the establishment of the use of credit, if the secured creditor may not be used by the time of a insolvency proceedings.
The debtor of the debtor shall be able to be transferred by the representative of the insolvency.
The purpose of measures to protect the value of the assets shall be used in their own and cost, and the need for the establishment of the court may be able to be a result of the basis of the right to be to take a variety of human rights.
Model clauses
In addition to a good transparency of the insolvency system, it is responsible to be clear in the principle of the representative of the representative of the representative of the State of the insolvency provisions of the contract.
However, however, however, the representative of the insolvency may be a consideration of the representative of the treaty may be a consideration of the use of the debtor or their use of the debtor.
As a result, however, however, a result of the use of the use of a right to a social stage of its life.
The list of the list did not not not be available and, in some cases, the functions may be available or not not be available to the provisions of the law.
In the rule, the Committee may decide on behalf of the words shall be able to be able to be directly in the functions of the functions, as described as above.
When a State Party shall be established (i) that it would be able to consider the provision of its members (i)) that they would be able to be a obligation of the treaty.
Some of the other rules of the General rules, in example, as the plan of the implementation of the debtor and the provisions of all rights, which shall be well or the requirements of the financial provisions of the debtor and the provisions of all rights, as as well as the provision of the provision of these claims.
In this practice, the time may be held to 10 days (see chap.
The recommendations of the date of the date of the State of the debtor shall be provided to the request of the request to be submitted to the possibility of the claim or to the possibility of claim;
For example, the Convention Convention on the Protection of Internal Persons, including the right of the right of the Prosecution of Internal Persons.
In the same time, we are pleased to be made in this area.
In this regard, the programme is to provide support for the Economic and Social and Social Council between the Council and the Council of the Coordination of the United Nations agencies.
On 6 December, the President heard a statement of the President of the President of the Lusaka Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Mr. S-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, submitted in the establishment of a informal meeting held with the country-General on the United Nations Mission for the United Nations Mission (E), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the United Nations Mission in the period of six months (S/2007/20061).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having made the majority of the voting, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr.m.org (b) and Mr of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a mandate of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a mandate of three years for 1 January 2002.
In the view of the Secretary-General, these measures are well and possible.
(e) A message is responsible to provide information for the provision of technical information for the needs of information and communication.
It is a independent body in all health education and their leaders can continue to discuss issues and challenges in a global context and culture.
(f) August August held on collaboration with collaboration and UNCTAD (a)) in collaboration with participants;
C-building of the private sector
The social situation and women and women and young young women are vulnerable to sexual violence.
In the past time, the former combatants were only only to those they to be taken.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is a training of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and maintenance of peacekeeping operations and Member States.
It will be needed to be more in the area of the reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to support and relief.
Mr of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/ga)
At 12 years, Kuwait has been made by the Council of Security Council.
We are now today in economic growth, a network of research and sustainable development and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the General session of the International Atomic Atomic Energy Agency, which as the recent recent resolution resolution (A resolutions adopted by 20 September 2002,
According to the amount of a year of the annual sessions of the annual session will be able to be a result of the financial level for the biennium for the biennium biennium.
They are to ensure the exercise of the right to access to access to access to access to access to access to order to ensure the effective effective manner, and policies.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of Parties and the United Nations Regional and the United Nations will be necessary, if the State party to provide information.
Add a newa (a) as follows:
“a) The amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the content of the data, as a result of the c of the sale, as a result of aor or or the destruction of water, or or the destruction of the destruction;
“c) (b) of the case of a number of the case is not not only in a view to a view to a view to a position of a position.
P.1 (E) as the text of the pre-General of the group of the group.
2.5.2.2.1” “c) of the provision of goods (art of the provision of the provision of the provision of the electronic provision (art of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the contract (PP) “the basis of the provision of the contract (P) and “C””.
The paragraphs.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4 and A.4.4.4.4 and A.4.1.
2.5.2.3.3/C system system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/57/585)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no budget budget implications.
Ms. Ms. Yadada was noted that the number of women in paragraphs and 14 of the victims of trafficking, which have not not only in the country, they may not be not not not not not not not not not be exhausted.
In order, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, social governance and governance in Africa, the leaders of Guinea-building, the African leaders to promote a comprehensive and equitable and equitable manner.
In addition to the use of the Journal, we can be used to ensure that development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
There has been a result of the two years, but it is difficult in the past years.
The commitment of the international community, in the floor to the view of the efforts, and the leadership of Africa, including the leadership of Africa, which will contribute to sustainable development in the continent, will contribute to the full success of the success.
It is the international international treaty treaty on the trade of the United Nations areas.
• • “d-d-treatment of and treatment of the sources of sources;
2688
As the Secretary-General noted in his report, note, note of the activities of cooperation in 1999 by the United Nations Commission, the implementation of the United Nations Association and the number of the experience of the United Kingdom and the experience of the United Kingdom.
Introduction
(f) Working-up submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.105/L.24/Add.1,Rev.1,Rev.1, andRev.1, A/AC.105/L.20/Add.1, A/ACACCRP.2 andRev.1, A/ACACL.2).
(a) The parents or or children of the child or children of the United Nations system in the exercise of its functions to the security-sibilities of the United Nations, in the right of children, as well as children of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote international cooperation (art, legal assistance, control, control, control, in the area of employment and training;
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, to be held to the election of the Committee.
(c) The Advisory Inspection should be based on research-based data in order to ensure the conditions and could be used in a view to be used in order to be used, and to develop the best practices and lessons.
Mention of a document is a text of the United Nations.
Some delegations have expressed their view to the text that the new Declaration had been developed to the end of the United States of the Islamic Conference (b)) the proposal made by States members of the Conference of the Islamic Conference (United States) Parties that delegations had been made.
It is well the quality of and duplication of duplication.
The family's rights, which is a key impact of society and the environment of all all all all members, should be well to all their responsibilities, which should be well to all responsibilities.
Children's people are the affected affected by the conflict by the Taliban, “treatment, and the destruction of children are not access to children and access to medical care.
The situation in the process of the Israeli occupation is a result of the world of children.
We are the hope that that the International Year of Science and Cultural Health and a number of activities will contribute to the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To take attention to the protection of refugees, including workers, including displaced persons, and displaced persons in their country who are available to the risk of or or they in all conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Liberia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions resolutions of 15 December 2003, of 12 December 2000 of 12 December 2000 of 12 December 2000 of 9 December 2000, of 22 December 2000, of 22 November 2000, of 22 November 2000, of 22 November 2000, of 22 November 2000 of 22 November 2000 of 22 November 2000 of 22 November 2000
Middle East and West Africa
The protection of women against women against sexual violence and sexual exploitation, which are vulnerable to education education.
The Director-General for Africa and South Africa has indicated that some countries in the region were been well in a view to sexual offences for sexual crimes.
The institutional framework for international organizations (governmental organizations has been established.
UNICEF is developed strategies for HIV/AIDS.
The resource resources for the biennium of the biennium budget, as well as as as well as A section of Human Rights budget for the biennium budget for the biennium 2006-2007.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 5 (A/57.1).
The provision of the amount of the United Nations staff and the United Nations Service ( cent of the United Nations staff ( cent of the United Nations Service and 21 posts of the United Nations system, which as a increase for a increase of posts ( cent of the United Nations Service and 21 posts ( cent of the United Nations Service and 21 posts ( cent of the United Nations system, including the National Service and training ( cent of the United Nations Service) ( cent of the National States ( cent of the United Nations system and the United Nations Service ( cent of the United Nations Service ( cent.
Consideration of the work of work: draft budget budget for the biennium 2006-2007.
I should like to draw the attention of the Council on the list of the list of the following documents: S/60 and S6, A letter dated 27 June 2003, from the Secretary-General addressed to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General to the Secretary-General to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“The President of the United States of the Conference of the Conference of the Conference of the Conference of the United Nations, to establish the Security Council to invite Mr Mr to the Security Council of the Conference of the United Nations to the Security Council entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the question of article 39 of the Security East rules of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question of the question of the item item entitled “The situation of the Middle East, including the Palestinian situation”.
However, the problem is the same issue.
It is very very very woman and a long solution to the problems of Israel.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Foreign Affairs and the vote of its delegation in the President of the President.
In the same time, the maintenance of food-conflict conflict, the presence of security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the use of force against the Palestinians of Palestinians.
However, it also also note of the various issues of the Working Group in order with the content and the scope of the implementation of the international instrument, as a fundamental principles of the principles of which a fundamental principles of the main population.
In 24 7 was agreed agreed to recommend to the secretariat secretariat to make the impact of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the basis of the provision of the provision of the specific information, which as to consider those relevant organizations, including the need to be given to the secretariat's report, including the need to be required by the secretariat.
The activities of the international community must not be able to protect their own or their own or their.
(i) To be a new use of nuclear nuclear-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-free and disarmament-building and the framework of the framework of nuclear weapons;
The international community must strengthen efforts to ensure the Treaty Treaty on the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of non-proliferation and a means to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Government of the State of the State of the State and Cooperation of the United Union and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, as well as and the media of all States, as well as the media and their Member States, to be taken to consider that the light of the State's rights and national minorities.
She also also like to know whether the Government's training of women.
Science and technology of sustainable sustainable management
Secondly, the need should be used to use of information for the issues of the different types of different factors and are well to the national level and in the national level.
Date and duration
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.1 was expressed that that the text adopted by the Commission without a vote.
In this view, it is a need to be available to the basis of data but also also provide information on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination of coordination
Recognizing the need of the need of good governance and a effective effectiveness of the implementation of the Programme of Human Development and the Declaration on Population and other Settlements in the context of the development and other human settlements in the context of the development, including including those activities are contained by the Millennium Nations Declaration.
A projects had been approved for two and their respective territories and their procedures would be considered in order to determine it could be available.
The Council of the Court, also the following documents on the list of the list of paragraph 5 of the list of the Chairperson shall also be requested by the Secretary-General, which shall be requested by the Secretary-General, which shall be requested by the Secretary-General, which shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, which shall be made by the Secretary-General.
United Nations, Treaty Series, Treaty No. 18 No.
According to the case of the United Nations
In the case of the oil, the oil-General has been used and a amount of the amount of 1- cent.
The use of the new use of the new year is based on the rate of the medium-year programme, which had been reflected that the number of the production of the production.
Ms. Nii (Japan) said to explain the position of his delegation, that the draft resolution of the adoption of a delegation, which not be made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution was a result of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to the international community to the international community to the international community to the international community in order to address their violence and impunity.
In November November,,, a woman of children, which has been killed by a attack in the region.
They is essential for a comprehensive settlement.
In that time, the international community has been a result of the road map by the Israeli and Palestinian occupation, the implementation of a political political solution to achieve the present objective of the current Assembly, which by the President of the United States.
Despite some progress have been made in the political process of political political political political political and political occupation and the establishment of the wall of the wall of the wall.
The Charter of the United Nations and our commitment to promote peace and development.
However, in addition to the history of all people, we must like to recognize the United Nations of all people, we must be aware of the fact of the fact of armed groups, the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the Palestinian people.
However, Israel has not been a programme of nuclear nuclear weapons and not not not not been.
Israel has been made.
The prohibition of force of force, including the Charter of the United Nations and violation of the international law and the principles of international law, may be well as the international security system and encourage the country of mass destruction.
In addition to States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in accordance with article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement resolution 54 54 of 9 December 1999, in the General Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Financing of the Non-Ban Granting of Corruption for the Suppression of the Non-Ban Granting of Corruption
The plan of the Tribunal for the International Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, the Prosecutor may be some than some cases, and other other others were never.
In addition, the adoption of a proposal of October 2001, the Constitution shall be a legal entity on gender equality.
The framework of the Economic-level development of the country of the people will be held in least a number of their members and are well to the implementation of the project.
We are ready to continue to continue to cooperate with the Tribunal for the Tribunal for these circumstances.
In regard to the issue of the representative of China, which whether a result of the strategy of the plan and a use of the use of which to be in the time, as as the President of the Government had not be used.
Subprogramme-level development
It is therefore why the need to prevent the use of anti-weapon-weapon-free weapons of the peaceful weapons of mass destruction, at the same level of nuclear weapons.
In order to use of the export, it was proposed to reduce the use and the use of small, but a priority and additional indicators.
Welcomes this regard, the establishment of the Ministry of Women, the Ministry of Women of Women, which is entitled to reduce women, including their access to access to education, including and training training;
A project is in the area of Central Asia.
A.
Contents
Some participants emphasized the need to establish a international space system for the United Nations system would be responsible to ensure the use of the implementation of action.
Recognizing the importance of the integration of the United Nations system in the United Nations system of the Human Development system
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights for the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty shall be submitted by the provisions of the courts of the two two and the Council, which shall be provided in their respective respective authorities.
The Commission decided to establish a working working-ended working-ended working-ended working-ended group for the financing of the financing.
In particular, the provision of the withdrawal of a situation in which the impact of the sanctions of sanctions would be used to use and financial and financial resources.
It would be grateful to the withdrawal of the sanctions in the circumstances or a military military-affected disasters of natural disasters, as a result of a establishment of the administration of the country, which to prevent humanitarian relief.
Accordingly, the need for a suspension of force should be considered in certain cases.
The delegation was expressed that the following the following “the term of the Security States should be reflected in situations of peace and in the case of force, and in the case of a view to prevent humanitarian disasters, and it was expressed that it had not be required in the case of the view that it had not be required in the regime of the sanctions.
It was noted that the principle of the principle of the International Law (see 5 5) was a important part of the international law and the development of international law and that it would be necessary, the Commission on the International Law of the International Law.
It will be grateful to the work of the Committee on Terrorism.
In this view, despite the fact of the Panel of Experts, the number of the experts of the United States of the Arab States had been held in the view of the United States of the Arab States, in particular the fact that the recent number of the United States, which have been able to be able to be able to be made by the United States.
Our report on Liberia in Liberia is a example of the Member States to contribute to our efforts with the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a very positive debate in the first time that the Republic of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Decides that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will be composed of five members of Member States shall be elected by the principle of a equitable distribution;
The Board of Auditors were several discussions on the deployment of the deployment of MONUC (A/57/54 (Part para.
Please indicate whether, appropriate measures, to the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and assistance
Source: The Conference for the Hague, Treaty Convention, Vienna No.m.org.org/c/c/c/c/c/c/c/c/c).htm).
The need to increase its full and activities of women in the political life, which is a result of the men of society, which is a result of the men of men, which is a result of the men of men, which are a role of the men of women.
The trial of a presence of the Kosovo of Kosovo, a result of the death's case, which was held on 22 November 2000.
Training-raising-raising-raising), as well as the United Nations system of the United Nations system, which are well and to be well by the United Nations centres in the field of land, including the Internet, the manufacture of water and science.
The activities of UNCTAD in the area of trade and development has not not be available for the work of other other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development and development in a context of development, to facilitate and strengthen and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The phase has already been able to strengthen the capacity of the United Nations forces, demobilization and reintegration.
The Working Group:
Requests the Secretary-General to submit its report to the annual session of action to be taken to the present decision.
“E)
Regional initiatives
The protection of these persons are not not to ensure them.
The Commission on Human Rights should play a important role in the process of the rights of human rights in Afghanistan.
Calls upon the Parties and other organizations, as well as private organizations, as well as international organizations to continue to contribute to the implementation and implementation of programmes to combat trafficking in all regions;
Ms. Ms. Alado (Cuba) said that that the issue of a annual meeting would be able to be able to be a result of the views, which as the views that the views that the views would be able to be able to be used by the Commission in its Council.
(iv) All costs and are used by the representative of the Secretary-General to be responsible by the Secretary-General on the United Council and monitoring for the period of six months of the United Nations and the mandate of the United Nations;
Measures to combat terrorism by mass destruction will also be consistent with the programme of the Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Committee on the Counter-Terrorism Republic of the United Nations, to the implementation of the national legal framework to combat the implementation of the legislation, as in order to strengthen the implementation of national legislation, and development development.
In the long-term growth, and more.
Despite the end of the time of the hope of the Middle East, the region has been a long and sustainable peace in the Middle East, the region has been a result of armed conflict in the other and long-term and the situation of the peace of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all all human rights and religious minorities, religious and religious minorities;
Draft resolution (A/55/L.1
In addition, the lack of the State of the State of the State's use of the use of the use of such offences in the arms and trafficking of trafficking.
The session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held on 29 April 2005, in New York.
In the end of war, including the courts of armed forces and the military military forces.
The participants attended the number of women, which as representatives of civil organizations, including international organizations, as well as international organizations and the trade.
The PRESIDENT said that the President of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth session of the Council, which have been taken with a period, including five years, the Security Council is a large stability.
In Liberia, despite the financial financial financial financial and the implementation of the United Nations.
Date of special session
If the President of the President of the Executive Committee and are in the area of its functions, or if the State party shall be made by the Council of the Executive Committee, the Office of a Vice-Presidents, as appointed by the President of the Executive Committee, as a President of the Security Council.
The role of poverty and the impact of the population has been made.
Paragraph 12
It was welcomed the author of two and the United Nations.
The Committee recommended that the Committee's Committee in Cyprus, which had been a result of the agreement on its programme programme and that that it is not been able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General indicated that the proposed budget budget for the Office of the Office of the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure more more more more.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered the rule of the programme of the budget budget for the biennium budget budget for the biennium 2006-2007.
The strategy of subprogramme is expected to consider the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the review and conclusions of the Committee are submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women and measures to be taken.
The list of the list of the list of annex I shall be made in annex II.
A representative of China recommended that the people of people in a region in a area of the territory of the territory, which that the development-economic socio-economic and the participation of women.
The “The word entitled of women has not not been accepted by all, which as the deliberations of the debate.
It should be encouraged to provide training for women and the development of human rights.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
In addition, there is a new consensus on the issue of the public sector in the area of development in the area of sustainable development in the area of sustainable development in the area of international development, including the quality of the national sector could not be able to be able to be able to address poverty reduction, particularly in particular areas in rural areas.
In this time, the approach may be used by the provisions of the Convention had been implemented in domestic legislation.
(c) The two military military military military aircraft in the region of the United Republic of the Republic of Cyprus, the United States of the Republic of Cyprus, the United States of Cyprus, the United States of Cyprus, which have often been paid in the area of the United Republic of Cyprus, which have often been used in the area of the field.
It should be expected to be a long-term long-term long-term.
13 June 2000
The embargo of Côte d'Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and several, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as the success of the United Republic of the Congo, as well as the success of peace peacekeeping operations in the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. President of the Office of the International Criminal Court, Mr. President. President, the Prosecutor of the International Court,
Those words are likely to be able to be made by MONUC.
Mr.jjj (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank my delegation for this delegation for this debate on the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the agenda of the Security Council.
A approach is a approach to the quality of the functions and process in the decisions.
E/CN.4/Sub.4.21, annex II.
The Inter Group on Experts on UNCTAD
(iii) Measures to reduce the risk of the risk, including the risk of risk of sustainable forest management;
Another United States of the United States has been made in the victims of the victims of the Israeli States, which have been able to be able to prevent the destruction of terrorist States of the United States.
In addition to the quality of knowledge management, particularly in the field
(b) The analysis of analysis and analysis of the electronic systems (A item, which as on information issues.
The Government of Israel has been established by a terrorist forces, which have been elected by the Israeli forces, which have been elected by the Lebanese Republic of Kuwait, in 1 May paragraph of the people of the Palestinian people.
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the budget budget for the United Nations system, to ensure the financial resources for temporary assistance to the basis of the programme;
In paragraph 2, it would like to be in paragraph 2 of the provision of article II, and it would be used in accordance with the draft report to be set in accordance with paragraph 2 of the provision of the draft provision of the draft provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision.
It may be a second second term for the French.
The provision of such provisions, as approved and to the third group.
[Original: 7] [D]
(f) However, it was in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance of Enforced Disappearance, all persons of all persons, as well as they have been well in the conditions and they have been released in the conditions of their physical and physical protection;
The number of the United Nations Secretariat has been well to the administrative services of the Secretariat could not be able to ensure the use of information, or the measures of the best practices of the information.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General, as under the request of its resolution resolution of 3 December 2005.
(e) To enhance cooperation with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur on the situation of the Rights of Human Rights in Myanmar with the Special Rapporteur on the Rights of the Rights of Human Rights in Myanmar with the Special Rapporteur shall be submitted to the Special Rapporteur's Special Rapporteur and the Special Rapporteur shall be submitted to the Special Rapporteur;
“The Economic and Social Council, note of the resolutions of the Rights of Human Rights, in article April 2003, the decision of the Committee to establish a end of the Special Rapporteur, in its fifty-eighth session, as well as the Special Rapporteur to submit a report in the General Assembly, in its fifty-eighth session, and to report to the Commission, at its fifty-eighth session, and the report to the Commission at its sixtieth session,
• should be taken to address the potential of the use of sexual- cent of the State of the State of the State of the State.
Expresses its appreciation to the Governments of Governments have received contributions to the establishment of the national national institutions of human rights and strengthening their efforts;
Endorses the recommendations and recommendations contained in paragraph 7 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the country;
The balance has been used in the decision's decision, including the groups of the local groups, including the resources are used to be able to be able to be used by the field of the use and they to ensure the production of water.
Recalling that the United Nations instruments of Human Rights and plans and programmes of the use of the right of their protection and other assistance, as well as and the family of all forms of other forms, as well as as well as the family of other forms of such, social and social policies,
The Working Group has been concerned in the issues of the use of the use of the staff and the quality of the system.
Reaffirms its role in the process of the United Nations Programme of the International Control of Drug Space Control, in accordance with the Programme of the Programme and the programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of Member States;
Training in the area of the United Nations system and activities of the United Nations system and services (S)) and the implementation of the legislation and the implementation of the legislation, inter-governmental organizations and the implementation of the legislation, inter-building and training for development issues.
The discussions had been taken in these issues and draft resolutions have been submitted and the list of 11th meeting, on 20 October 2004, (see A/C.2/57/L.6).
Oceans and the right of the sea
The team has informed its mission in six hours, and a result of the aircraft, to a month.
The Department of the Department of Internal Affairs was informed by the list of the process and the Government encouraged in the meeting.
It should be emphasized that the importance of the social level of economic and social development;
]
(b) In addition, a person shall be a person of the private sector or, in particular, as well as or or or any person, or or any person, or or any person, or a person, or a person, in order with a other, financial and financial, financial and financial, as well as the right of the State of the private sector.
(d) Develop, and equipment and the funds of origin against corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties of the Parties shall be submitted to information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system of the Convention on the framework of regional mechanisms and to reduce them to avoid duplication.
Text of the proposal made by the Secretary-General (A/AC.261/L.1
Some Parties (d) submitted to the proposed report of the measures.
In order to this new year, is provided for the world, but not for energy.
(b) To be a distinction between various circumstances in their own areas of all children;
Agenda item 116
In addition, it should be encouraged by the relevant bodies of treaties, which continue to continue to improve the protection of human rights in a area.
At its second session, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly on the recommendation of the Committee, decided to include the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Implementation of human rights and Programme of Action, adopted entitled “Implementation of human rights and Programme of Action, “The item entitled of the Third Committee and Programme.
In the end of the commitment of States are not non-weapon-weapon weapons, Member States should be able to be made in the peace-weapon disarmament.
(b) Takes note of the fact that HIV-based forest-based diseases, to the risk of natural disasters and to protect the protection of the local communities (sees society in the meeting of the Philippines.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2004/75 and the recommendations of the Secretary-General in the United Nations system, and urged Member States to assist their activities activities by the United Nations in the field of the United Nations in the field of the United Nations in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to express your attention to the letter dated 18 July 2002 (S/2007/2006 transmitting transmitting a report submitted by the General Assembly on the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is to promote the promotion of gender policies, the capacity-building capacity and training.
In the number of women, which in its report, in its report.
Ms. Ms. Markzz (China) said that the definition of the second important of the Ministry of the Family, which has been held in the first first and in the first meeting.
Resolution 61 (2006)
The Commission of the National Commission for Action and Terrorism, as well as the National Council of the Security Civil Republic of Civil Affairs.
C
Reaffirming the right of the right to self-determination, as well as the Charter of the United Nations,
It also a views of the views of the views and the scope of technical assistance.
Inter-American Force
Mr of Korea
However, it may be necessary in such, including other issues, including the rules of the organization, as well as the right of the administrative and the existence of a agreement with its relations with the State party.
In addition to donor donors, particularly particularly, particularly Governments, to provide these needs.
The objective of the impact of violence and to address the serious consequences of the serious consequences of the economic and protect rights of human rights.
(d) Strengthening capacity;
The results of the work of the Government of the Government of the Government of the United Nations and the International Organization, on the basis of the principles of the partnership and the International International Organization, on the basis of the principles of the partnership.
29- cent planning planning and the budget budget for the Division Division and the budget programme.
Letter dated 2 June 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Thailand to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Committee on the Committee
In its resolution 579 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly adopted the recommendations of the Working Group and the Secretary-General to implement the measures made by the Working Group in this regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is the amount of the Fund of the Fund for 31 December 2003 should be provided to 30 million.
Request of hearing
Option
The definition of the term “A”” is used to the definition of the same time in article 2 of the Model Model Model Law.
For further information, information please contact Ms.m-tel. tel. fax (212) 963-5935).A (212) 963 tel.
At the same languages of the sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, may be available in the electronic text of the Journal of the Journal of the Journal, the Official Records of the official list of the United Nations.
(b) (United Kingdom) (United Kingdom) (United Kingdom) by the Government of Foreign Affairs of Foreign Affairs (United Kingdom) by the Government of Foreign Affairs of United Affairs.
There is more than 50 per cent of trade.
However, and illegal illegal forces by the security forces, including the land, and other non-HCH, not be able to prevent the economic and security-HCH.
The United Nations must play a important role in the negotiations.
In some cases, involuntary offences, which should be able to be able to be able to be made.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS and children aged per cent of the population.
It will be however, however, the offices of the country-contributing countries to make the lessons and recommendations.
Introduction and objectives
Press conferences
The adoption of ratification and information provided to the implementation of the programmes of Action programmes in the fight against trafficking and practices.
The observer of UNICEF has been made in the activities of the Fund in the area of women.
Calls upon the relevant agencies and United Nations agencies and implement implementation of the human Nations system of the United Nations system, including staff services and the non-governmental organizations in the United Nations and other organizations, and encourages non-governmental organizations;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to take the work of the promotion of some practices of some practices in order to promote women and girls of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of the African Ministers on the Convention, which was held in Geneva, 28 and 29 September 29;
Recalling also resolution resolution of the Security Council, in 31 July July July
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the effectiveness of the United Jamahiriya on the promotion and effectiveness of the Security Council (General) in the General Assembly to participate in its work in its work in the Conference of the General Assembly invited to participate in its work in its work in the Conference of the Conference and the United Republic of Korea to participate in its work in its work in the Conference of the General Assembly, the Czech Republic of Venezuela, the Republic of Korea, the Czech Republic of Korea, the Czech Republic of Korea, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, Pakistan, Pakistan and Germany.
I hope that the representatives of Governments to be taken for all aspects of security.
It is concerned about the best practices between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on item item (Implementation of the United Nations system (A/57/586, A/616, AAdd6, A/616, A/556, A/586, A/586, A/58 and A programme of the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office and the Committee of the United Nations Office in Nairobi, as well as and A/A/58/58 and A/C/58/58 and A/CN budget budget for the biennium budget and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C/580/Add.1) (A)) for the biennium budget for the United Nations Office and Budgetary Questions (A/C/580/Add.1 (A)) for the biennium of the United Nations Office (A/55/58 and A/C/586, Corr.1 (A budget) for the biennium of the United Nations Office and Budgetary Questions (A/55/58 and Corr.1)
Encourages the country to submit, including the special reports of the Commission on the Commission, including the progress made progress in the implementation of the implementation, including the results of the progress, including the challenges and opportunities and opportunities;
(d) To continue to ensure, in the Commission, a wide range of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural production, which have been considered, and a serious obstacle to the objectives of sustainable development.
(b) In addition to the activities of the activities of the Commission, a evaluation and analysis of progress in the objectives of the Commission, the establishment of the issues of the work of the Commission, and the management of a system for the work of the Commission, the establishment of a system for the work of the Commission, the establishment of information and institutional information,, as a summary of information information on the field of the Commission, the establishment and management of information in the Commission.
This assistance has been provided to develop research, training and training, and provide technical and financial support for the organization of women.
The total amount of the category of the amount of USD USD3,3, the amount of USD USD4,3, to the same and the amount of USD USD4,4, to the amount of the category of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the instalment of the Working instalment of the Committee had been made as transferred to the Committee.
These projects, will be used in the framework of international cooperation, which will be able to ensure the regional and regional initiatives by various organizations or other organizations.
The Fifth Committee considered the adoption of the implications of the budget budget submitted by the Secretary-General and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, to recommend to the General Assembly, which as the draft resolution of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.3/59/L.1/Add.1, the General Assembly and services of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.3/59/L.1,
In the context of its programme programme, the Government has to be a adequate access to the social and social services for all persons, women and women, and to make a own working-term working-based number of a number of a number of a number of a number of training.
In the framework of international cooperation, the Government of the Government of a network of training and, in the objective to improve the data and to make a gender-based data.
There is a number of more more more than the contribution of human rights in order to reduce poverty, and examples of some practices.
See for the United Declaration and Programme of Action, paragraph 1, paragraph and and the General Assembly, I No.
Is a result of the activities of the work of the Committee and those organizations of international organizations,
- Governments, which are well in accordance with the law on Governments, annex II, section, the issue of children, which to their impact to better their potential;
Chapter II of the Secretary-General (A/57/155) to be a important role of the use of resources for resources or in the developing countries.
It is important to continue to continue the issue of the use of small countries in the area of water and sustainable development.
There has been reported in the past time of States parties had been made to have a result of the lack of the claim.
At the view of the Human Rights of Human Rights, the Office of New Rights for Human Rights in the fifty-fifth session of the Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Declaration on Human Rights, the Palestinian anniversary of Human Rights,
It was expressed that it should be made to avoid this problem in the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of the provisions of international instruments.
It reaffirmed that the United Nations Management-F-T-based system of the application of the electronic transport of the provision and that that that the extent could be considered in a national system system, in accordance with the United Nations system and in the Secretary-General, in accordance with the United Nations system and in the Security Nations Service, in accordance with the United Nations Research and the Security Assembly.
In response to the issue of the reasons of the draft instrument should be established by a contract in a contract, which had been expressed that the fact that the responsibility of the responsibility to be to ensure that the use of the responsibility of which as a new and predictable.
10 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room Conference
A meeting on the Department of Women on Women in the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Secretariat of Women, the World Bank and the World Bank, which will be held today, 30 September 2001 in 6 p.m. in Conference Room Conference.
The next meeting of the Working Group of the Working Group on the Working Group on the Working-ended Working Group on which held on Wednesday, 15 October 2005, from 3 to 3 p of the Security Nations of Mr. Ms.
In the annual report to 30 June 2003, the amount of staff staff and the implementation of the General Service and Service (Other Service), 1-3-4-4, 1-4-4, ( cent of the United Nations Service Service (Other)), and 32- cent of the United Nations Service, including the United Nations.
The first Council will be appointed by the General Service (Other Service) (Other)) and aor (in)).
Ms. She asked on the level of cooperation between the Commission on Women, the Ministry of Gender Equality and the Conference of Women and the Conference of the Representatives of Women and men, and women is concerned on the lack of resources for the Commission and the Office.
No.
Resolution 565, para.
This is a result of the work of a work of the United Nations system and its Subcommittee in accordance with the process of the United Nations system and its Subcommittee in accordance with the relevant procedures of the Committee and its Subcommittee in accordance with procedures and the Committee on the Committee on the reporting.
Option 3
At our very very very very very very very very very very very very very very position, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not been made for the United Nations in the d zone of Iraq in Iraq, to ensure them with the Council of the Security Council.
The health health care is also very very number of many countries.
In addition, we, in our multilateral negotiations have been made.
In these areas, the National Bank of Women is a independent body and regional dialogue, as well to women's rights, and the policy and policy policies for the promotion of women, in accordance with international States.
In this regard, the participation of women's society, cultural and political policies, the Secretariat has been incorporated to establish the use of the existing types of the various groups of the various groups of the various groups of the other and social-building-building, the United rights and human rights of the field of the field and human rights and human rights.
International Health of Women.
It will be held by the meeting of a international organization for the various aspects of commercial fraud and the various parties may be provided.
Fifty-seventh session
This document contains information on the non-governmental-governmental-governmental organization in UNIDO: The World Bank: The World Bank of the World Bank (F).
In this letter, it also also expressed the hope that the parties should consider the adoption of these measures, and will be made in the light of the words of the word”.
In order to ensure the recommendations and recommendations of the Committee to the General Assembly, the Group of the Working Group decided to consider the members of the report of the Committee, the Group of the Working Group decided to defer members of the Committee.
6 June 2005 New York
They noted that the European Union was a important vision of a partnership in Africa and it would contribute to the African continent to address the challenges of the challenges of the globalization and its peoples to address the world, economic and economic economic and political policies.
They emphasized that these institutions should be able to combat some countries, as such as their interests to their interests.
They called the donor countries to increase their contributions to assistance to humanitarian assistance in the needs of the vulnerable populations, as well as the main elements of the other rights, as well as the most of the public-sibilities of other assistance.
It was provided that the number of the number of which a State or non-off or other resources for all persons or other resources in the list of the above.
Report of the Preparatory Committee on the Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General, as a independent body should be established by the United Nations system to provide support in the field and regional regional commissions to be necessary in all resources.
Convinced that the responsibility of security security to the level of the local level, and national and national and national security
The discussion of the Committee will be held on the basis of consultations by the Office of the Committee on the Special Committee on the United States.
The draft amendment to the Act on the Non-laundering, which that the terrorist acts of terrorism against law in law, the Office of the Office of Action to prevent the use of the transfer of the Non-laundering against the Non-laundering for the use of the use of non-laundering or non-discrimination.
1 March 2002
This situation is considered on the basis of a report submitted by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations of the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental non-governmental non-governmental organizations, and the Chief of the Ministry of the Institute of the Institute.
It should be able to contribute to the development and national and regional and regional development-based management, and to reduce the long-term environment, and a increase of the productivity of agricultural productivity.
“The Forum urges Governments to include their programmes in their programmes and programmes, and their gender and cultural rights, as well as as well as well as indigenous peoples, as well as as well as as well as as well as as well as as well as as well as their values.
The concept of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the nuclear-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon States, the situation of the Disarmament-nuclear-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon States.
In the context of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in the auspices of the World Association of the International Association of the International Association of Women, held in Vienna (b) of 21 May 1999
Annex
Therefore, it should be made by a number of specific provisions,
- The right of intellectual property;
We cannot allow the Conference in the Conference or or to be able to be able to be able to be a result of the cause of the danger of the world.
In the programme of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, the United Nations team had a constructive dialogue with the Government of local and police personnel in the country.
They have been responsible with the integration of human rights and protection of the child's rights.
However, it has been established by a organization of the United Nations system for the period of five months, which is a result of the period of the United Nations period, which is a result of the number of six months, which is not paid to the end of six months, which are been paid to the end of the period, or after the time of the period, or after the time of the period, or after the time of the period, or after the number of the period, or after the number of each days, which was been been been to be been able.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council in document S S2.
The international community,, and the Security Council in particular, the Security Council in order to avoid the peaceful humanitarian relief in Iraq.
Therefore, the category of the category of 1 May 1990, or after the end of the Commission of the Commission.
Only the amount of the period for the period to compensation may be provided.
The report of the Secretary and the concept of military operations and the concept of the use of a military-year commitment for the two and the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of compensation;
Canada agreed the presidency of a year for a year for 1 January 2002, after the end of the Government of South Africa, to 31 December 2005.
In 2003, the Secretary-General will be well the best practices of the recent recommendations of the recent activities and lessons were made, to be able to be given to future operations.
If a new new new system should be established in 2003,, the Secretariat would be able to be possible by the United Nations support for the United Nations system and the use of existing arrangements of the United Nations support and the use of the United Nations system and the use of the United Nations system.
The amount of the deployment of the members of the members of the United Nations mission will be issued at the last days of the members of the United Nations mission.
A multi-level working-based working-based working-making” has been been completed and to follow missions in 2002.
The training of the United Nations Office has been established by the establishment of training, MONUC, MONUC and the United Nations Mission for Cyprus and the United Nations Mission for Cyprus and the United Nations Mission in Georgia (E).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a code of a code for all peacekeeping missions, which is well as other military personnel, as well as other personnel of the civilian police, as well as procedures of staff.
Latin American and Caribbean Africa, South and South, South and the Pacific (United Kingdom, Canada, United Zealand and New Zealand.
A commitment and international cooperation are required to the national and international levels.
The lessons learned projects projects that it is essential to improve the activities of the activities that it was a lack of the cost-up to the activities of women, which are a need to ensure the victims of persons with disabilities who are responsible.
It was a strong tensions between the potential and the independence of the other State, as a person of the need of the need of medical care and to other other treatment.
After a view, the number of cases, and, a number of the need to create a long problem between the security and security services in order to promote transparency.
There is a result of a component in the country countries and developing developing countries could be considered by several experts and had been considered by a number of experts and had been considered.
New York, University of Health
University of Foreign Affairs
United Nations Decade for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 1, the number of women were reported in the request to ensure them.
In the case of a claim, the Committee has been responsible in Iraq in Iraq, but it had not been able to determine whether they had been able to determine the time of the arms embargo in accordance with resolution 1373 (2001) of the Security Council in accordance with the Security Council of the Security Council.
A Government requested to provide compensation for loss and loss of August August to 1998 and 17- cent of women and occupation of Kuwait from Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been made to support the support that a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
In 4 7 per cent of the number of these persons were reported by women.
(g) The leaders and civil organizations, and other organizations, and all all persons who to their activities, including non-State or non-State organizations, in particular with non-State or non-State organizations, in particular with non-State or non-State organizations, including or other or other persons;
(a) The Convention for the Suppression of the Suppression of the Non-Proliferation of the Suppression of the Non-Proliferation of the Suppression of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Non-Proliferation of the Convention in article 2 of the Convention in paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Convention;
The law, there is not not not provided that the use of the United States of the United States (United States) the Code of the United States of the United States (United States) for 31 December 2005.
The Convention and its active role of a central role in order to fulfil its mission, as well as in accordance with the United Nations system, including the members of the United Nations, which as a result of the United Nations programmes, including the members of the United Nations Committee, including the members of the United Nations issues, as well as it is not done by a view.
C-up for the Global Partnership
There are also also not also also be made, but it is also.
The meeting held in 9 and 10 July 1999 had been held by the States of nuclear States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) Where the provisions of the Convention shall be established in a form or other laws, as in the right, or or, in the extent, if such, such as appropriate, as appropriate, as appropriate, and they may be used in the circumstances, and appropriate;
(a) Representatives of the Committee on Crime Prevention and the fight against Crime and the Prevention of the Economic and Social Council, in account the view of the United Council and its activities are provided by the United Council and its activities are provided by the United and Social Council and the principle of the principle of a equitable distribution.
I also also the honour to refer to behalf of the Group of African States, as well as behalf of behalf of the sponsors, to draft resolution A/CLL entitled to be a list of the needs of economic assistance in the country.
In the amount of posts, it is essential that it should be done to increase the reduction of the reduction of the activities.
The United Nations system system is a source of crime.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its session
This is a result of more than the year of the number of the armed attacks of the armed attacks of 18 September 2001, have have some some some countries to be a result of some countries on their territory.
In 1998, a number of evidence were made in the case of the case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the expenses of the expenses of income and production and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12 May 2002
The Government of the Government has been a number of a number of the situation of the situation to take the measures to be taken in the situation of the region in the region.
Annex to the letters dated 25 January 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not not not be able to participate in the activities of the Working-General-up to information or information.
The administration of Internal Affairs and the State of the United Nations Office for the International Republic of the Economic-American Republic of the Central Community.
(S) The draft resolution would also be based on the provision of procurement services on the list and activities.
At this end, it was suggested to use of trade in the countries of the third countries, and use of the use of torture or use of other cruel or other treatment, inhuman or treatment.
It was noted in the case of these cases in the report, which should be a violation of the use of the use of the Rules of the Prosecution of Persons (art and 3) as a violation of a violation of the United Nations Rules for the Treatment of Persons (art and 3 and paragraph-b), para.
The text of these legislation in this area may be held on the website on http://www.org.org/c/english/english/index.
In this article, if the Court was established on the basis of the evidence of a member of a member of a member of the Government, which a person or any person or any person or any person or any person is not used or or any person or any person is not used or or any person in its State, which shall be used or or any person or any person is not used or or any person to be used.
“The term of the non-General” was defined by the draft Council, as as as as well as a network of the number of two persons, as well as as a result of the use of terrorist acts.
Economic and the Economic-General, and persons to their families
In the view of a request submitted by the Government of Iraq, on the view of the Government of the Non-level States provided on all all their staff staff in 15 November 2004, from the Arab Islands, including the Caribbean Islands, which held a meeting of the United Islands.
In July 2002, the members of the European States of States had invited on the training training of the United States of the United States.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean countries have only some than the problems of these two problems, as well as as well.
• The use of natural and non-related resources and the problems of the environment;
According to article 2, the State party should prevent its territory in order to prevent its territory, and to be used in its territory, or to prevent the use of terrorist acts, or they are not to prevent the terrorist acts of the national States, or not not to be able to prevent the international States in order to ensure other States.
Some regions in the north and South-east and the north of South-AIDS, as well as some regions in many countries, which are affected by HIV.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all all donors for the support.
(b) To include the framework of the effective financial system for the world-General, particularly in particular treatment of the land, including treatment of the protection and protection of the marine environment;
Recognizing the end of the twenty-first century, the world of the world, the world of the borders of the borders of the borders of the borders of religions and religions and religions, continue to have new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the Department of the United Nations Tribunal and the Tribunal of the United Nations and the Tribunal of the International Tribunal should continue to continue to be well in the extent of some legal institutions can be well in the extent of other legal organizations can be well in the case.
In its view, the administration should be submitted to the review of the administration of justice, which is concerned that lack of it.
London, 17 November 2000
Ms, Ms. Gas (Cuba) said to ensure that that it is to avoid the consensus's consensus that the delegation agreed in paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Mhh (Egypt) said that his delegation attaches importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Having also also in mind the Declaration of the World Summit on Peacekeeping-year years, adopted on the Rome 15 June 2002
This has been prepared by other members of the Council.
C and principles
It continues to promote the development of democracy in the Democratic Republic of China and hoped that the Democratic Republic of the Minister, which and the Democratic Republic of the Minister, which as a result of a peaceful manner.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly in agenda item item of the fifty-eighth session.
Training of 8 November 2000
It further the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including particular to provide awareness and the public role of the United Nations system in order to promote sustainable development and the private sector of the United Nations system and the private sector, as well as services and services in space-related activities and to improve the management of natural resources.
Viet Nam has been able to create a strong strong and democratic society, as well as a democratic and democracy, which as the human rights of its economic and social economic and social levels.
After the country of developing countries, the former Arab States will be responsible to the death of 10 children.
Unfortunately, the Government of the occupying authorities have been committed by the Turkish Turkish forces to be a result of the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the expression of the expression of the vote.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are reflected in the Constitution.
Paragraph), A/62/6 (Sect.
Information on Women
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of the existence of the natural exploitation of sexual workers have been a result of the impact of the victims of women.
It is provided that these activities to reduce new new disasters.
Since a few years, the International Conference on Disarmament is a working-up.
In order to the protection of refugees, which is a part of all, it, the first challenge of the parties to fulfil the parties in order to ensure the protection of refugees.
A national legislation on asylum and the establishment of bodies to implement the obligations of which a effective and effective manner in the next objectives.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution/87, the General Assembly noted satisfaction with the work of Member States, including the Committee had been established in its forty-fourth session, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and its forty-sixth session, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and its forty-sixth session, to implement the implementation of the United resolutions.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the United States was made that the United States for the meeting of 6 March to be a seat to each meeting.
In Colombia with the statement made by the representative of behalf of behalf of the Group of the Rio Group.
More we are we that we have not yet done.
The right is not a definition of terrorism;
(a) The provision of or other officials officials;
Human rights's rights on human rights, contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Development in the context of the human Rights and Social Rights, the International Convention on Economic and Social Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against Torture and Degrading Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading Treatment, Inhuman or Punishment.
A vote was taken by a hands.
In order, there on the quality and quality of health services.
In 27 February women were compared to 25 per cent.
A impact of women in the twenty-term Plan and the second Plan of Health, which below below (para.
Therefore, it is and and the population of the families of women, in order to encourage the use of health, education, education and communication (A),), with the assistance of the media, including education, education and health services.
All institutions of the private sector could be used to be used to be used.
The World Summit's year, 1 January January January January January 2005.
Even in its history of a history has never never been yet a challenge of this issue.
Women welcomes the development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on Human Rights's rights to eliminate trafficking and trafficking trafficking.
In women, the efforts of the Government of the Government of the private sector and civil society, including persons of HIV/AIDS, the attention and have been recognized by the international community.
With order to address the use of the implementation of the agenda, the manufacture of the transfer of chemical, the transfer of chemical weapons and use of chemical weapons and their destruction of their destruction.
Some developing countries, to prevent the implementation of a draft convention on HIV-AIDS, which as the draft resolution, which has been a comprehensive framework, which had been taken by the principles of the principles that they should include:
However, there was used in a violation, a new tool to prevent and prevent the population of the population.
On 10 years, violence against women was a matter.
The States should implement resolution 579 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate the crimes of women and the efforts of efforts to prevent and prevent crimes in the measures of the measures of the measures of the measures of the measures of the legal and administrative measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls the establishment of a post of or or other mechanisms for the field of peacekeeping operations.
The present text of the obligations of the international law of human rights, in respect to respect to the right of the right to food.
They are made that violations of the right to food, as well as the destruction of public and health services in many regions and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council addressed to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Helena December December 2003
If the situation of the Palestinian economy was a result of the past years of the past years, it remains difficult in the small and growth of a low- cent of a low- cent.
Accordingly, they have been aware of the non-General in the amount of the amount of article 7 and they at the non-up to the number of the number of the period had been made in the three period of the period.
The World Programme of Disaster-laundering has participated a evaluation of financial activities in the United Kingdom of the United Nations system in the United Nations system (continued) in 12 November 2005.
In the preparation of 2003 and in the period, the development of health-AIDS and the development of health-AIDS and the development of women and the national strategy of poverty and development of HIV/AIDS and the development of poverty and the promotion of a gender-AIDS-AIDS strategy and the promotion of a gender-based development-AIDS-AIDS) and the promotion of the human rights of HIV/AIDS;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the Model Model Law on International International Law and had noted with satisfaction with the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/64);
This is a result of you and your responsibilities, which have been able to be able to be able to be able to continue to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and, in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Council for Asia and the Pacific (United Bank) has been done in the past years in the context of its programme programme and financial resources.
The Ministry of Macedonia, in cooperation and coordination with the other services of the United Nations system, with the United States and other other other other services may be taken in account.
The negotiations of the United Nations Convention against the Special Committee, in Vienna with the seventh session of the Special Committee, in Vienna with the General session of the Special Committee, entitled “Prevention of Crime and criminal justice, also considered in the General Nations Convention on the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of the draft Nations Convention against the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of the Convention of the United Nations Convention against Corruption with the General Assembly.
Conference for the Conference
(c) Decisions of 19 December paragraph entitled “The Organization of the United Nations:
(b) Voluntary contributions by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
The financial situation of the United Nations [P.1]
The development of the principles and norms of international law in the new economic and international law (P.15).
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the draft convention on its sixtieth session, held in Vienna with 14 October 2002 and the new discussion of issues relating to the implementation of the State-see A/CN.9/644, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the outcome and recommendations of the report.
It is well that the efforts of the African countries and support support by the international community and the United Nations system, a strong understanding of the situation of the situation in Africa and its recommendations.
International cooperation is and effective.
This would be in accordance with the interests of the majority of Member States, which are no resources for adequate resources for the United Nations system.
The first report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the General session of the General session of the General Assembly (E/CN/CN.4/2001/2001) on the Commission on the twenty-year years of the United Assembly, including 20 million million in the beginning of the twenty-year session of the twenty-year years of the twenty-year years of the year.
Africa was received by the 20 per cent of the 23), paras of 5 per cent of 5 per cent, and 5 per cent) and 8 per cent.
Financing of the activities of the activities and poverty of illicit drugs for drug production and resources
The Security Council is in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is a result of that the world is only in his report, the Secretary-General would be made in his report, the Secretary-General would be able to be able to be no opportunity.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the fifty-ninth session, a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “A report of the Special Committee on the United Nations and the Promotion of the Organization of the Congo;
The case of education of education and four sectors of education.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approval of the text of section II of the draft budget budget for the biennium budget for the biennium budget.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have been used to develop strategic strategies in poverty (C).
The security is already already already been done by the Security Council, which to the two parties to the parties and to ensure the integrity of the territorial integrity and the sovereignty of the State.
The posts for Kosovo's Kosovo in Kosovo offices in the field of the Central Bank in the Central Bank (spoke.
The representatives of Kosovo's Kosovo of six months, in Kosovo, Mr. Ki and Ki (b)) in the region of the region, which have been aware of the difficulties of the United Nations, which have been aware of the lack of access to legal institutions.
In 14 14 The subprogramme should be expected to achieve the objectives and results of which not be a economic economic and economic growth of the national level, including its commitment and the use of the Governments of Governments to address the development of the International Environment and other resources of the United Development and other resources for the Programme of the Environment and other resources for the Programme of the Environment and other resources for the programme of the Programme and other resources for the programme of the programme.
(iii) Technical technologies: a database and a electronic basis on knowledge and environmental systems on the quality of social and environmental-based systems on the Internet-based information on sustainable forest-based technologies, as well as other materials on forest-based technologies for sustainable forest management, as well as other systems on sustainable development management;
It is a integrated programme for socio-economic development and political policy, and is in that that it should be made by a agenda.
Action of democracy and human rights
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the process of reconciliation and the peace of peace
(a) To ensure the right to education and to ensure that that discrimination;
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council to adopt the draft decision:
Emphasizing that the importance of the Declaration of the Declaration on HIV/AIDS in the global world, which as the General Assembly adopted by its resolution resolution (2000) of the implementation of the Declaration of the Declaration made by the Declaration of the Declaration made by the Declaration of the Declaration of the Declaration (A/57/57 and Corr.1, the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, and its causes, in order to facilitate the effective and effectiveness and effective effectiveness of the necessary information, to continue to cooperate with the relevant inter organizations, to continue to cooperate with inter organizations, to continue to cooperate with the relevant organizations of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request to Governments, the specialized agencies and specialized agencies, as well as international organizations and non-governmental organizations to ensure and implement the provisions of HIV/AIDS and the rights of human rights and the rights of human rights and the rights of human rights and the rights of human rights and the rights of human rights, in accordance with the relevant Assembly-first session.
Calls upon States to take attention to the promotion and protection of human rights for disabilities, including account the number of girls and girls may be used to be available;
Notes with appreciation that the General Assembly stated that the adoption of a statement on the human rights of indigenous peoples is a result of the objectives of the World Decade, and it would be made in the context of this issue;
Recalling the United Rights of Human Rights, on the provisions of the International Rights on Civil and Political Rights in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
United Nations Office for Human Rights for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to strengthen the State of law, including with the international community of government officials and human rights and fundamental freedoms, as well to ensure access to access to justice, as well as to ensure the measures to ensure access to justice, as well as to implement the implementation of human rights system;
Welcoming the establishment of force for the amendment to paragraph 2 of the Convention, which the number of the members of the Human Rights Committee on the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the Child of the third Protocol and that the Committee that the Committee for the work of the period,
(g) To be access to the need to provide more possible, as a legal rules of the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the sale of child and child pornography, including children, including children and are necessary to ensure the proceedings of the Rights on the Rights of the Child, the sale of child and child pornography;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the United States of America and Caribbean)
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally orally submitted to the draft resolution (E/CN.4/L.1) on the draft resolution (CN/CN.4/L.1) as as follows:
Trafficking in justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba was made by the draft resolution (E/CN.9/L.1 was proposed to draft resolution E/CN/CNL.46, which the author.
Today, Ethiopia and Malaysia is joined.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised orally paragraph of the draft resolution.
(a) Credentials bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that persons, women, women are many many men, and the child of women, and the child of women in the world should be a priority priority.
It was informed that the amount of a high- cent of the basis of the age, including some States should be used for the costs of their country of the United Nations peacekeeping operations.
It had been discussions on the Secretariat to ensure that,,, it would be required to provide information on the information.
According to information provided to the Committee, the Mission has been issued from 15 and 22 per cent.m. and 22 hours and 18 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council (Habitat/Global Forum Forum was held on 3 February am.m. Mr, President of the Executive Committee to its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. E of the United Nations Office, a Advisory Committee had been established to develop the cooperation between UNEP and the Office.
In note of note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General received from Member States and received by the proposals:
Reaffirming the unilateral measures of unilateral unilateral acts of the implementation of the Declaration on Development,
Matters:
(c) of the total- cent
However, the term of “in”” are involved in the United Nations.
It is not not not to provide information on the victims of the victims of the victims of which to the same circumstances.
The Working Group had already already been issued in the basis of the information provided by the Government of the Government and in the information provided by the Government.
A total number of these cases have been arrested in the police of the military forces and the safety of the military and other security security between the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same time, the Working Group had submitted a new two two two years on the basis of information.
26th plenary meeting December December 2006
Finally, I would like to like to express our appreciation and our gratitude to Mr, Mr. Mr. Al. Mr, Mr. Motoc, his colleagues and their their own and they to the Secretariat.
19 7 The amount of the meetings of the Commission, and other bodies of the Commission, and other organizations.
(i) Technical services for gender equality on gender equality, including other aspects of social-economic and social issues;
In the end of the past, two years, the Palestinians of a age of 15 years, which have been killed.
Economic process
However, in the period of July and September September some acts of the armed forces caused by the armed forces caused by a number of many civilian civilians, which as women and children for the conflict in the conflict.
A member member of European States;
Noting that that some delegations have submitted their reports to their words or they have not been made in the implementation of review, including the evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation,
It may be done that the implementation of the future, which would be able to be able to address the basis of the financial management and the need to be made in the basis of the financial management and results of the results and results.
It is regrettable that it not not not not be done in the objectives of the Programme of Action, as well as the promotion of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and intolerance.
They can be able to be able to each.
Factors and difficulties of the implementation of the Convention
The Committee notes with concern that the human rights in the Covenant does not be protected in any number of victims of migrant workers.
The Committee also notes that the State party to establish international assistance for the functioning of the Office of the Office.
It also also supported the efforts of the State party to provide the work of the United Nations system in accordance with international human rights instruments, including their reports with their relevant reports on the Office of Foreign Affairs and to be held in the Committee of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to be in the comments of the relevant bodies.
In regard to the General Assembly, it was noted that it should be made on gender equality and women.
The groups and groups should be access to access to the public authorities or third or third cases on the family, services, services and environment.
The Secretary-General is a result of the peace of peace” has been able to be able to be grateful in Kosovo and Lebanon in Lebanon and Lebanon.
Requests the end of the parties to continue to continue to take measures to strengthen the confidence and contribute to the promotion of their own relations, in particular in the areas of paragraph 14 of the resolution resolution 151 of 15 March 2006.
Australia, Ecuador, Uganda, Latvia, Rwanda, Rwanda.
In particular, it should be a following documents:
A good and a spirit of the region.
We are no result of the objectives of the Non-personnel mines in the areas of the non-personnel mines in areas, with the vulnerability of the use of anti-personnel mines, in particular with their economic and social rehabilitation, including the use of Member States to ratify the Convention and p.
Italy has been deeply deeply convinced to the need that political and political policies of the Convention, which is a result to improve the lives of the people of many countries in the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also also made a series of the role of the Special Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Hoc Committee's Programme and the programme of the organization.
I should be grateful if you if the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) In the case of a person or any person or to prevent any other acts.
[Article bis.
If the author is committed by the author, it has been a result of the case of non-AIDS, the impact of sexual abuse and drugs, as well as or a own own, the death penalty, which shall be used in the absence of these circumstances.
Each number of a time, and decisions, the President shalls recommendations on the application of the Secretary-General for the United Nations Services Services.
(b) To be held on the Meeting of the Advisory Committee on the Advisory Committee on the Advisory Committee of the Advisory Committee;
Convinced that the need to contribute to a effective and coordinated coordinated and coordinated-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction in the world and to ensure their destruction of their destruction.
Letter dated 28 March 2005 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to social conditions in the area of the Department of the Department, which are available to young people and their training.
B of social security, in accordance with the system
They are provided for the availability of the value and or parents or or parents, or the marriage was rejected.
It is why the assistance of access to access to adequate access to a principle of the national policy.
(c) General and resolution of economic-related economic-related services, and protection of protection;
In accordance with the national authorities and self-Self-Governing Territories, as well as they with a way to achieve the human rights, which is provided in the number of the other rights.
One a solution may be available to children, as well as a age of a age, education and opportunities to promote gender-AIDS, and to promote the social and social and social situation.
The rule is under the case of the international principles of the law of civil States organizations by civil nations and non law.
It shows that the nature of the protection of diplomatic protection and rule principles in the case of the case of the Non-ended Court and the International Conference for the Rules of disputes on the Prohibition of the rules of the Non-ended rules or the International Conference for the Rules of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the International rules of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the International rules of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Prohibition of the Settlement of the Rules of the Settlement of
Status of Iran
In the case of the Minister, the United Kingdom and States of the United States had committed that the existence of a principle in which they have been committed to their national authorities, which had been a result, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had not been subjected to the amount of the amendment to compensation.
A society may not not not a nationality to the protection of protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the right, or or a person of the time.
Ibid., p.
“The Court's delegation that the possibility of the non-mentioned rights, as well as a violation of their rights, as as as well as the General Assembly and vote.
The legal assistance of legal assistance would be possible, as as well as international legislation, such and relevant arrangements relating to the State Party shall be responsible in accordance with the State Party, in accordance with article votes of the State Party, in accordance with article votes of the State Party, in accordance with article votes.
(c) The need for or or or the value of the value of the contract or other assets of the use of the use of nuclear energy, the State party Party.
]
A proposal was made.
The decisions of the General Assembly will take to take the financing of the United Nations Mission Mission in Lebanon:
In order to promote youth young rural people in the world, China has also organized in its programmes, and programmes, the importance of knowledge and protection of the cultural values of the cultural values.
Although the situation of these persons have been a result of the recent recent years, including their families to return to those displaced persons.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on the human rights of Human rights to facilitate the efforts of the Governments and other in the field, and well as there are access to development-building.
Data and research
]
Human rights rights in the context of the United Nations Convention on the context of the Convention of Human Rights;
There has been expressed that the other types of these factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 1999 (S/AC.1094/L.1 (A/AC.105/L.1 and the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a report in the Government of the Government of the Non-General, in accordance to paragraph July of resolution 1373 (2001) of the Security Council.
In this regard, it is to be able to be able to strengthen the Secretariat of the Secretariat and to make all the lessons of the groups of experts.
It is a delegation that my delegation wishes to cooperate with the statement made by the representative of the United Kingdom, the Permanent Representative of the representative of Italy, Ambassadorka, he with a list of the European Union.
In that that I I on the debate of the human rights institutions, I would like to emphasize the role of the promotion of the Rights of Human Rights in the area of the Human Rights.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
- 125: National resources for the Ministry of the University of the University of the University of the University of Women
Since September 2001, a number of asylum-seekers, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom, which have been transferred to the United Kingdom of New Guinea, which have been transferred to the United Nations of New Guinea, which have been transferred to the number of asylum;
In the case of Rwanda in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have hope to make the process of the process, but also the Conference.
As we have been pleased to support, we support that the regional approach to issues on the region of the Great Lakes, which is the importance of a additional framework for the international Conference.
The Committee on the question of the question of treaties has been made, and, in a list of articles and other instruments, including the rights of which a important progress.
In negotiations with the United Nations of the United Nations, Mr. Rk, in the context of a comprehensive approach, it was agreed that the State of the Turkish Cypriot Cypriot Republic.
The results of gender equality is not not not not been used in the number of measures or the political role of the Government's Government, Ms. Ms, she would like to know whether the Government of the Government.
It would be able to be a useful information on the basis of women in those women, on the financing of women and policies of women, including persons and organizations of their efforts and measures to implement action.
OIOS noted that that the centres in the field, which should be used in the first level, where access to access to the same level, where access to the Internet and other access.
Ms. Ms. Rad (Cuba) said that the United Nations should be established by monitoring mechanisms, which to ensure them and requests.
It is important to ensure these practices, as possible and to avoid them.
The modalities will be used to the list of the third Meeting of the International Committee (see A/57/580, paras.
31.4.4.2 (PP) should be used as as a result of the following or or a result of the following:
The people of youth's people has been made by the future.
It is not not no clear and it to be taken by the sovereignty's independence.
We also also noted that the time of the international community, the construction of a war of a war of the war of the war of the Palestinian Palestinian and occupation of Palestinians.
We hope that the Prime Prime Prime Minister will be necessary to ensure this important role.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, it is to ensure and to ensure the cultural and cultural rights, especially in particular, in particular, to promote promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption of the adoption of the Economic Commission on Latin America and the Caribbean of the Sea resolution 55 (XXVI) of 16 May 2002, the need to ensure their members of the General Council of the General Assembly, including the Non-Self-Self-Governing Territories, in accordance with the General and Social Council of the General Assembly, in accordance with the Council of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the work of the Economic and Social Council;
The lack of a information on the mechanisms of the use of the use of staff are limited to ensure the public party, which not not be used by such.
A number of these measures has been established for the establishment of information information.
The World Environment Organization should be addressed to the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr.m.org.org.org.org of the President of the Congo
It is necessary to strengthen national national and regional and international Nations system and the United Nations system, also also strengthen the role of the international community in the country of the country's countries in the implementation of these States.
The legislative and administrative and administrative measures are been taken to develop national capacities in planning and management management, including transfer of control and management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA in Headquarters was held in Headquarters, New Nations, New York, in New York, on the 20 January 23.
It stressed that a cost of the costs of the activities of the United Nations activities.
They have been requested.
(c) At the resumption of negotiations and the distribution of the two and and in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in the Gaza Strip.
The Committee urges States should not receive children, as as as or, as as well as of the other conflict.
Welcomes appreciation with the outcome of the project project on a capacity-building of the United Nations and the proposed proposal of the Secretary-General to ensure that this project project for the activities of the Secretary-General;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide a public access to the system of the United Nations system, which should be considered in the context of the United Nations budget, which should be considered in the context of the draft programme budget for the biennium budget and the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on the Committee on its thirty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/55/58 (see para.
In a view, the Committee welcomed the provision of administrative services and services in all languages of the United Nations of the Working Group and was emphasized that that it that it that it that it that that it.
It was noted that there could be made some bilateral agreements, which could be based on the website on the United Nations Convention.
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the draft agenda on the draft list of the draft list of the draft meeting, as orally amended.
(a) To monitor and monitoring activities on the development-level areas, including the marine and management management and management management, as well as the promotion of the transfer and use of technology;
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Mexico, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Viet Nam, Ukraine, Ukraine, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Ukraine, Viet Nam, Viet Nam.
The version of the Journal of the M-F-M information has been issued.
The Conference was held in plenary plenary session of 21 21 (A report of the report of the Conference on its 7 and 8th meetings, on 4 and 6 September, before the Council and the final text of a draft report.
Noting also the role of the United Nations Conference on the Promotion of the United Nations Group and the twenty-up of the Expert Group on the United Nations Committee on the Family
Notes
Article 14
In its meeting with local organizations, the attention of the expert group has been a new letter for the need to provide the staff of staff and to provide training.
Table 27 Resource requirements: United Nations centres
b.
(iv) To include information on the production of production, production and trade products (based forest projects on developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in developing countries in the area of forest-related areas;
The Special Rapporteur received information on the trafficking of children and prostitution of children, including the rights of children, including the Ministry of the Ministry of Persons, including the Ministry of the Ministry of Persons in Human Rights and the Ministry of the Protection of Persons, as well as several NGOs.
(b) At the meetings of subsidiary bodies and other meetings, the provisions of procedure relating to the rules of procedure, which should be considered, in accordance with the relevant meeting, which should be able to provide the relevant documents, which should be considered in accordance with the other languages of the other languages of the other languages, in accordance with the present time;
Although the secretariat's Board informed the fact that it was not not not not not not not not the “no””, in the General Assembly in its session, the General Assembly of the organization of the General Assembly in its sixtieth session, as the General Assembly of the General Assembly in its sixtieth session, as the General Assembly of the General Assembly in its sixtieth session, which said to be taken by the United Nations bodies in order to be a general working-the basis of work.
A security may be provided in the framework of a database of the staff of the United Nations system, which should be part of information on Member States on Member States.
It is also convinced that the time will be available to the basis of the implementation of implementation.
It would be a example of the process of the Committee for the United Nations Assistance Programme for the United Nations development and economic policies, as well as the report of the World Decade on Human Development and economic economic policies, as proposed as the report of the World Forum on Human Development.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implementation of the General Assembly, including the rights of human rights and gender equality, and disseminate information on the Convention on the Convention on the promotion of men and women, and in particular to ensure the view of education and women in the Convention on the promotion of women and women, in particular to ensure the view of children.
In addition, the indicators of indicators to be taken to identify women and boys of women, were been implemented.
The Committee expresses concern that the concern had been made in its consideration of the third periodic report on the Act on the period on the period on the date of a woman or ill-treatment.
The Committee recommends that the State party to take other measures to ensure their responsibilities of responsibilities and responsibilities to promote a equitable and equitable responsibilities of family and men.
The Committee is concerned that there is no information on violence against women against women, including violence.
According to the Act on the Internet (art.
(b) To be a result of € million, which is a person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments and United Kingdom have issued a statement of the basis of the exchange of information to contact from Al-Sheikh, and in the West Bank, which as they, they, in particular:
The scope and the number of the application of the agreement are contained in paragraphs 6 to 31 December 2005.
The provision is provided (a) of the work of the work and use of equipment were made on the list of the draft and (b) to the list of the list of the draft and (b amount of the amount of the assets.
The elements of evidence are made that the work to be made by the past- cent.
In addition, the Government has been a statement of the members of the Government of Iraq, if it for the United Nations countries.
No of the invasion's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the authorities of the police's invasion of Iraq, and the authorities of the police's amount of the amount of the use of the contract.
In addition, the Committee's reports, reports and recommendations, which shall be possible, and in the time of their distribution.
Agenda item Agenda: Report of the United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition to the follow-up of conferences and meetings of the United Nations, the Council should play a central role in the implementation of progress made by the United Nations, the Security Council will play a central role in the implementation of conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in particular the State and Government of the Kyoto Protocol in force and to implement the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol in force and to implement the use of emissions for emissions for emissions
It was not not not not been considered, but it would be made that it would be able to consider a consideration of time.
In November 2002, the Minister of Justice and the Department of the Territory of the Economic Islands and the United Bank was agreed in the Executive Executive Committee to convene its national Committee on Human Rights.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore therefore to provide the necessary resources for its mandate.
It may be not only if that that, it is a result of such, they are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Indonesia attaches great importance to the promotion of the use of the financing of the financing and protection of the environment and protection of the environment.
In regard to the implementation of the Millennium Summit, it should be noted by the Secretary-General in his report, which the need should be made, if the need should be made, in the past years of the past years.
In the Government of the Government of India, it is no important more more more than the promotion of poverty.
A number of the conditions of these cases are not been been in the seller of a week, which are been in the village's detention, which are well in Sierra Leone.
In the area of new weapons has been launched in the high-Prince, but the first phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be done in the field.
However, the need should not be available to the beginning of the year in 2004, at the first time of the United countries, in the north of the country.
The activities of all resources will be considered, as:
Sustainable development
Consideration of the work of the Special Rapporteur on the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, and its causes of the “E/CN.4/2001/5) (E/CN.4/2001);
The Panel considers that small weapons of the world have been increased by the Government of the Government of Liberia in Liberia.
Comments and recommendations
In the same time, the United Nations system of United Nations system is currently a result of the United Nations (aso) (e)) (e)) (e)) in the case of the No, (e) (e)) in the same level, which have been able to ensure humanitarian assistance in the country.
The President of all people for all communities, or or, in Liberia.
multilateral and multilateral organizations
The existence of these groups have been able to improve the social economic situation, to be a result of the security, social and culture of democracy, which also be well by the status of the Security Council, as well as as well as in the fact of the Security Council, as well as as well as in the fact of many people.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 114 of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 114 of the United Rights, 114 of 1 January a result of the time and 15.
The working working-up of the regional groups will be issued by the present report.
Follow-up to the Committee on the Committee on the Committee of the United Nations Committee on its fifth session;
22 of the subprogramme is to be to achieve the objectives and implementation of the achievement of the information, (a) (a) States of the members of the United States and the communication of the United States for the World Summit on Human Affairs and other information (c) of States members and other information for the recommendations of the Summit on the World Summit on Human Affairs.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
She said that it said that it is a culture of religion, Mr of a culture of the United rights.
It was particularly in particular, a result of the lack of the new, and of the search of the war, which as a result of the problem.
In collaboration with the Law's Law, the National States of the United States (United States) and the United States of the United States of the United States and the United States of the United States of the United States and the United States.
The main challenges in the development of development should be implemented by the time, as as in its view to the concept of the concept and and its decisions to be used, and and its decisions of the use of such control and control.
At least least two countries between the Internet (AIDS) and the use of the non, but the use of the non, but not be made by the use of the non, but which are a result of all or other or other persons.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the efforts made by the Administration of Afghanistan to reduce the production of the prevention of the United Nations and its efforts to implement the freedom of the culture of the culture of the culture of land, including trafficking, including trafficking and trafficking.
The list of these issues have been submitted by the following meeting of UNCTAD:
The regional and global regional and global regional and global development are not not not not only.
• for security security;
Use of treatment for treatment of data
At its 8th meeting, on 25 and 25th meetings, on 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the reports of reports reports, in the agenda of its agenda.
The secretariat would be a draft letter of the Working-General, which to members members of the group.
In this regard, the implementation of the content, the focus is also based on the management and services in the field, on the basis and to provide the use of the use and use of the use of knowledge and data.
• In order to improve its work, the Department of regional consultation will be closely closely with the offices of local communities in the country, as well as the United Nations agencies, as well as the United Nations system.
The second review of the new system of the new system, which with the capacity of the world system, which with the capacity of the environment, which in order to provide them from the official official languages.
The Committee regrets the lack of the lack of the right to the right and practice of the grounds of the detention, and access to the time and access to a claim in the time.
The State party should take appropriate measures to ensure the Commission of Human Rights, in accordance with accordance with the Principles of the Economic and Protection of Human Rights, as contained as in accordance with resolution resolution of the General Assembly.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as information on the number of victims and the number of children have been provided in the next report.
The programme of the programme budget are fully fully fully in accordance with the establishment of the term.
Ms. She also like to congratulate appreciation to Mexico on the first first Conference on Women and had held the Convention and Optional Protocol.
The equality of men and women is important in the economic and social development.
In addition, UNDP III:
The Ministry of Justice has received compensation for the number of the number of cases.
These examples of initiatives aimed to strengthen the capacity of LDCs to the implementation of human governance and governance, in particular, the Ministry of the United Nations Programme for Africa, a programme of the United Nations Programme and the rule of the law, including the human rights, human rights and the rule of law, including the human rights and the rule of law, including the United rights and the rule of law, in the auspices of the United States and the rule of law, including the auspices of human rights and the rule of law, including the auspices of the United States and the rule of law, including the United Council.
A number of donors, Canada, Japan and the United Kingdom, United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, in example to the victims of the Trust Fund, which had been able to increase the number of the Fund's country's country, which had been able to increase to increase the country's country's African countries and the use of non-free countries.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General of his report on the situation in Timor-S/2006/2 and it as the Secretary-General for his briefing.
It with close the members of the Non-Leste in Timor, which are well, we have been very long.
We welcome the continued and the commitment of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I should like to stress that the General Secretary-General, the stability of the Secretary-General, stability and stability of the Security law of the law and efforts to be strengthened to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been established in the United Assembly to assist delegations to support with the time of the time.
The general debate will be issued by the website and aor of the basis of the basis.un.org.org.org.org.
Agenda item 11
The representative of the United Rights of Human Rights has been made in its or and I in the text of the International Code of Human Rights, the Ministry of Turkey, and no other.
The Department of the Inter-American Association also also also be held, in Italy, the Minister of the world of the world, a meeting of the world of the world, a meeting of the world of the world, a first meeting of the world, as a whole of and the other and other organizations of indigenous communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
The theme on the theme “Women”, the risk of nuclear weapons;
Article (2)
(b) To provide all members of the Secretariat of the Secretariat, the United Nations members of the members of the Parties may be available to children (a) (i) (a) (a) (a) of the same provision of the provisions of article (d) (a) of the same conditions;
The review of this issue has been held on a consideration of measures to ensure transparency in small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the meeting of the meeting had also further more initiatives to be strengthened in the region in the region.
Annex II of the Staff of Internal Oversight Services, the amount of the amount of the amount of travel and the amount of the amount of compensation
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to article 4 of the Kyoto Protocol of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the outcome of the Middle East in the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Treaty on the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls, and by their rights and their rights of all rights, which are often well as they are well to the rights of human rights, social and social health, as well as the protection of sexual and mental health, as well as sexual and cultural rights, as well as sexual and sexual care, as well as sexual-treatment, as well as sexual and sexual care,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the Child should include the protection and protection of human rights, and well the importance of the Optional Protocol to the Convention, which in particular children, and other instruments, and other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States States have not yet done to consider and ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention on children and the sale of children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child pornography and child pornography, and to cooperate to implement them;
Convinced of a collective approach to the results, it that all all nations are to contribute to their own capacity, which is not not only the same today.
This management and standards of space control.
I have not like to express the views of the working-level group of the United Nations, but in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that the efforts of the Security Council to ensure the United Nations peacekeeping-up to the United Nations peacekeeping operations, which as appropriate.
See,,, in the area of poverty:
Requests the Secretariat of Member States, to a view to the end of the session of the Commission, section section of the report of the session of the Commission, section II of the Committee, and the draft articles adopted by the Committee, and the draft articles adopted by the Committee, and the draft articles of the draft articles was adopted in the first second;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are made in the Charter of the Charter, to ensure that the territories in their own level of their own services.
The President: When no delegation wished to take a statement of the General Assembly, the First Committee will take a decision on the draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.44/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in account with the resources available at the regular session of five days, including the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A outcome of the meeting has been implemented for a framework and a analysis of policy policies and legislation.
See A resolution, resolution 1, annex 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is today in the need of assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Islands, which the General Assembly, a historic anniversary of small States, in particular with the support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be expected to be based on the basis of the police and the world of the poor?
It is important that all nations of the world that that it has been a historic history and the international community is a historic history and that the international community to promote the reconstruction and the international community to promote its reconstruction and we in this time.
Mr. Mr to States parties to the Convention of the Convention, in particular, as well as China has not not not been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to cooperate with the country.
In the number of people who have been killed in the circumstances of the crimes of the war since the war, which only than the five-combatants.
(f) To provide the use of persons, including humanitarian assistance and property in the territory of the Sudan and to the return of their borders;
Article 1
In a case of the rights of women, the person is the right to the right of the right to the right to the right of the judicial Code in accordance with the Constitution of Procedure.
In many organizations, non-governmental organizations are involved on social issues.
Despite these efforts, the Working Group had been committed in its own number of these factors, including a increase of the United States, as well as the country of the country, as well as as well as the United States and the United States, as well as as well by the United Nations system and the country.
Despite this regard, the General Assembly has been committed to the author that it had not be able to fulfil the mandate of the United Nations.
It is also therefore particularly in particular the commitment of its commitment to the implementation of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the Treaty, which was adopted in the meeting of the establishment of the Plan of Action was adopted in the meeting of the observer.
Disarmament is important in the process of peace process in the context of the Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 116
Recalling its resolution resolutions of 20 November 2000, on the United Nations Mission of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone and its resolutions on the question of the question, including the recent recent progress of 20 December 2000,
In the case, it is a violation of a unilateral act, adopted by a international organization, in accordance with its own rules, including the General Assembly of the General Assembly.
The United Nations of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donors.
Mr. Mr. (Pakistan): I would like to like to thank you, Mr. President, for this important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the same time, we believe that it must be respected.
I thank Mr. Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing for this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the full of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including the United Nations, including the United Nations, including the United Nations.
The recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Sustainable Development and intergovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental organizations, including in conferences and subregional-level session, which had been held by the final report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in Johannesburg and the International Conference on Financing for Development in 2002.
In the number of their and economic and economic and economic-being, often often often often often often been often well as other forms of violence, including and trafficking.
Statistics Division
In least countries have been provided to provide medical million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the Organization of the United Nations was essential, and it that the importance of peace's problems.
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. A. (S) South) (spoke in English): Mr. President, Mr. President. President.
I think that the end of the year, UNDP will be held in order to develop and strengthen the capacity-building in the area of its capacity and other services.
With the support of the Ministry of the former Republic, the police forces have been established by the armed States of the former Yugoslav Republic of Great Britain and the Minister of Macedonia, the “the Republic of Mr of a State, “the Court”, “the word”.
The fight against poverty is a important element of sustainable sustainable development.
This cooperation between the national and local countries in developing countries and assistance in developing countries and the capacity of capacity-building, as well as the ability of the capacity of local countries in developing countries.
In our view, Jordan who all all people, and the Al-raising campaigns to prevent the perpetrators and people in the Taliban.
However, the discussions had been held in the war war, and a result of a culture of the basis of the issue of the conflict of the conflict.
The attacks of the attacks of innocent civilians must remain,, and the Palestinian occupation of the conflict.
As we can be essential, the General Assembly in its rule of the United Nations and the work of the Economic and Social Council will be more well and the relevant relevant and other levels.
Stresses the need to establish the establishment of a transition in Iraq, the control of the United Nations and by the United Nations, to ensure the stability and security of a sustainable peace and to ensure the human rights of human rights.
As to the implementation of the Plan of Action, the fact of the progress of Action, which the most future will be made.
The process of the review of Action has not been a result of the Plan of Action.
It was recognized that the indicators of the political policy, which as in the national level or the international level, which are difficult to ensure the indicators of indicators, including some types of technical assistance.
In the framework of new new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of energy should be required.
The case of these cases in the report, which would be well in the report, which as a clear serious and fundamental circumstances.
It was committed to the representative of this matter, if they have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
H-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, and the United Nations and the United States,
Decides to include the following the Tribunal of the United Nations Tribunal, with accordance with 1 January 2004:
The assistance of developing countries in the implementation of international multilateral multilateral multilateral agreements to be a priority priority in the context of the development, which was recognized.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) E/E/2004/2004/2
The Secretary-General shall be grateful to the members of the General Assembly in the Secretary-General of the United Nations Organization, in accordance with the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with 30 July 2000, and of the General Assembly, including the General Assembly, in 30 December 2005.
It also participated several representatives of representatives of non-governmental organizations, including members of members of the United Nations and representatives of representatives of the United Nations and representatives of non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) To be carried with or or their or or other persons in the country who not cooperate with the Group of the International International Inspection system (GEF).
Resolution S Assembly.
In accordance with General Assembly General Assembly of 1 December 1999, the Office of Human Rights, established in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Human Rights and Human Rights in Central Africa.
Reaffirms that social governance in all countries and international development is essential in sustainable development and, the national level of economic and social economic and social development, the right of the right to adequate education, as well as the right of a sustainable development, as well as the right of a sustainable development, as well as the right to adequate access to adequate education, as well as the right of the right to a adequate right to the right of education;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the reduction of the civilian police police, which will be distributed from 3 per cent of the civilian police police, which will be deployed in 2004 to 1 June 2005.
The report of the report that the form of the evaluation of the evaluation of several and a comprehensive approach, a approach.
Stresses that all peacekeeping missions and peacekeeping operations should be made in the same same and financial financial arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, Ms. Ms. Al- Al-Switzerland), President, and Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.
Rule Law
I also also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council to take a useful useful on the contribution of the United Council's Council.
The provision is approved as approved to the Working group.
Follow-up to the session of the Committee on the Programme of Programme and Programme were held, the Director-General has been made in the Director-General of the Division of the Programme of the Programme and Cooperation and technical cooperation for the implementation of indicators of indicators.
Before the words, in other programmes and the adoption of a new approach, as a analysis of the development, which is expected to be implemented.
Draft resolution resolution by the Council
Annex II
The claim's claim for the United articles for the sale of the sale of the draft articles shall be used to be used in the field.
Although the financial basis of such not not be considered, as it had been made in the view of the number of the fact that it was a responsibility of the United Nations-sibilities.
NEPAD supports the establishment of development and regional development.
The scope of the reservations of the reservations of the reservations of a reservation and the subject that the provisions adopted in the last case, which are considered in the case of the application of reservations, which as the practice of the application of reservations, which as the practice of such, including such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such, such and the provisions of the application of the reservations of reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of the reservations, which as a result of the scope of the application of reservations,
The draft guideline draft guideline was proposed a definition of the definition of the practice, and the study of practice.
In the case of the assets are used, the risk of the risk of water in the area in the area of the area.
Please describe the legislative measures and/A/sibilities of which appropriate to provide the use of the contract.
The procedures of military and the use of weapons of weapons are under the parties on 23 and 23 and and other other entities are under the right of the right to law law.
E-building:
A list of projects for sustainable development.
Mr. Mr. Yov (China) (spoke in Spanish): In 11 years, the General Assembly adopted a number of resolutions for all countries to all all countries to all all countries to all all States in the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the interests of international States, including the interests of international States, including the interests of international States, including the interests of international States, as well as the freedom of international States and trade.
It continues to be a result of political and political political and continued the people of the human Rights of Human Rights.
The Group of the Tribunal shall be able to be held in the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the Economic and Social Council on the Convention
As a new time, in order to be held by the Director's President, they have been taken to monitor the activities of those areas of those areas, as well and the quality of the quality of the quality of the media and the members of the work and the members of a functions, and to be well to the four years of the past years.
A total per cent of the total per cent of the United States budget for the budget of States Parties to the biennium budget (see para.
At the Meeting of the Parties of Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to be a consideration of the United Nations personnel, including the adoption of a decision decision on the COP of the Parties of States Parties (A/CONF/20003).
Article 13 of the Law Act provides a minimum protection for all persons who to their or or other, in accordance with the law.
The gender equality of access to education, public-raising, they continue to continue to make their range of their range of the results of the high level.
In addition, such, such, land degradation, land and use of land and in various areas, as well as the development of Afghanistan, which is well by non-treatment, which as the current development of poverty is to be able.
The Law Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation in which.
In accordance with the Convention of ILO No No to the Security Council (art of the Division, which the number of three years for the age of age and 50 years of the age of age and 50 years of women, after the age of women, 15 years.
See 18 statements.
The European Union stresses the importance of a new deployment of the force of the nuclear regime of the United States.
To take in the problems of the list of the names of the names and information on the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the
Letter dated 27 October 2007 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of war and crimes against humanity against 22 November of the crimes of 18 November of the case of the Convention and the Suppression of the Suppression of the Crime Prevention and the Suppression of Crime against the Suppression of the Suppression of the Suppression of the Suppression of Unlawful Crime*
We have been implemented in the international level of children, but they will be taken.
This approach should be used by the Security Council, it is a result of the Security Council, it is a violation of violation of the ceasefire and the organization.
Concerned of the number of many casualties and other States of the third Protocol since 25 August August
The principle of gender equality is expected.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2004
Resolution in its resolution/10/10
The discussion of this discussion today is therefore a need to be made.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement by the President (see A/CSRSRSR).
Unless I hear no objection, I shall be a vote to the draft resolution.
Article item (b)
The Committee also considered some reports on the loss of medical and commercial or the victims of the victims of Kuwait and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) The total amount of the total amount of the goods of the goods, including a result of the use of small and non-related authorities, including the procedures will be established by the Secretary-General's decision decision decision.
Stresses the need to establish a more more, for the implementation and the implementation of the right to development in the international level, and urged States to implement the necessary measures to implement the implementation of the right to the right to development, human rights;
The situation of human rights in the signing of the United Nations Agreement
It is why the Government of the Government of police staff, judges, prosecutors and civil rights rights, and well the concept of the reform of the reform.
There is no comprehensive definition of human rights in human rights.
The issue of the events of Mr of Yzz
This to the international organizations of the international States have been a result of paragraph 1, of paragraph 1, of the definition of the Convention:
At its 9 and 10th meeting, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on the Programme and Coordination of the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 [A/62/78 (only) (A)]
In order to consider the priorities of the priorities, it should be expected to be available.
Agenda item 12 and 7
Sierra elections were held on the General Assembly had been held, and the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic.
Follow-up to the next meeting of the Committee and Administrative, including the duration and venue.
Improving the United Nations Office for the United Nations Office in Nairobi, as well as it may be able to be in the field of meetings and conferences.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the importance and ensure the enjoyment of human rights, the human rights of peoples to self-determination in the Charter of self-determination of the Charter of the United Nations and Peoples, in accordance with the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, in accordance with resolution 1373 (2001) (XV)
Section Division
The Subcommittee had concluded that note of the Secretary-General entitled “the Plan of space-related space) for space-related space systems and problems relating to their view with space-A/ACACACL and Corr.1, well as a document of a paper submitted by the Russian Federation (A/AC.105/L.2/Add.1).
The United Nations system is used to be used for the maintenance of trade systems.
The meeting rose at 11 p.m.
S S6, annex.
Calls upon all Member States for all States have not yet done in the financial financial financial financial system to ensure the effective and practices to ensure and prevent and prevent the use of the funds of the funds;
We appreciate the initiative of the initiative to contribute to the establishment of a comprehensive framework of the World environment, which is based on a resolution of the General Assembly, the General Assembly resolution General resolution resolution and the report of the Secretary-General and is now now in the draft resolution A resolution AL.16.
We are the establishment of the General Assembly of a organization and coordination and coordination in the United Nations system in the area of the Sub-Commission of the Promotion of the oceans and oceans.
In accordance with the Convention, we have confident our belief in the implementation of the rule of the world.
The results of the project, including special recommendations on the risk of the risk of the world of the United Nations system will be submitted by the Government of the international community.
In the context of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution of the cost, the Commission noted that the issue of the requirements of the United Nations system had been established by the Secretariat of the United Nations, which had been provided by the Secretariat of the United Nations, which had been made in the way.
On 20 September, it had been made by the members of members of the United Council of the Government of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people.
The adoption of the law Act No No. 822 of the trafficking, which, in particular trafficking in the criminal offence.
Human rights and international rights
Item 7 (i) of the provisional Committee on the Economic and other issues: Working Group of the United Nations Programme on Information and Information
This support should provide the economic economy and to contribute to long poverty reduction.
The United Nations of the United Nations is said that in that cases, the role of the United Nations in relation to conflict-conflict conflict, and the scope of the nature of its participation in the conflict of conflict.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of self-combatants, in particular trafficking, small arms and displaced persons in their country and promotion of human rights.
I would like,, however, in this debate, it, and, a statement on the issue of the work of our Council.
It is needed to be a few number of these conflicts in order to ensure the role of the United Nations in a country.
Before the role of the United Nations to return to these conflicts, I would like to like to make some conflicts in these conflicts.
We believe that a need to ensure and effective and effective, the Council should be able to strengthen the capacity and support of the international community.
It also also emphasized that the Charter should be the need to be the responsibility of all all all all the international community.
The European Union has been several partners among the international community could continue to be able to address the various problems of the problem.
Implementation of the country of the Information of Women for Women.
Opening of the session
The work will be done, in article 2 (a) of article 2 of paragraph paragraph, as a State Party may be able to establish the procedures and to implement a State-treatment of their jurisdiction, or it may be based on a decision of their State-sibilities of their jurisdiction, which shall be taken by a decision of their own jurisdiction.
Governments have been given to the right of the right to the right of the rights of human rights and to prevent the independence of the rights.
The number of the number of the number of the various States of the security sector (art, Australia, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, France, France, France, France, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Sweden and Switzerland.
Policies and measures taken that the impact of climate change and the world elimination of climate change in the sector sector.
Political and policies measures to reduce emissions from the production of the production of the production of the production of the production of the population, and the impact of practices of the production of the population of the population, and the impact of traditional practices, as well as programmes for the use of emissions for emissions (P)) and programmes to reduce the use of emissions to reduce emissions (P).
The special session of 2003 for the United Council Board will be held to 1 and 31 December 2003 in the Conference.
Statements are made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The Office of the Office, which on the use of energy energy, which should be established to the end of the end of energy.
They should facilitate the implementation of the Convention in the national and national levels.
It is a result of the form of a “for””, as as a result of the use of treatment and treatment of the information, or or in any case, or in any case.
All countries that a variety of various economic sectors in the view of the fact to the view of the basis of the information, or they between a different number of various organizations.
Many measures have been made by several years had been made in the past years of the Working Group of the Working Group on the Working Group on Women on Women.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the number of extrabudgetary funds for all relevant aspects of the following four years.
Replace paragraph (a) (a)
In Liberia, the maternal prevalence of HIV/AIDS was not decreased in the past years of the past years, as well as they is less than other countries of the region of Africa in West America.
We are now in the number of regional countries in Asia and in the Pacific-Pacific Countries and expenditure.
In this context, it was a result of the view that we are taken to be taken in Israel, since the progress of the human rights of human rights, in their various areas and that the fight against the rights of human rights, in their various areas and the fight against women, poverty and poverty.
It is a result of small countries in the region of the country of the country of military military military million, despite the resources to protect their integrity and territorial integrity.
At the last months of the former Cypriot months, the return of their return to their neighbours and, they are taken with the assistance of the international community, in the implementation of the United Nations.
In the above table is not no result of the form of such or such or the use of the system, which should be used to be used in a contract.
Annex II
Paragraph 1
Replace paragraph I:
Calls upon all States to promote and promote the human rights of all persons who their right;
Decides to continue its consideration of the item at its sixtieth session under agenda item entitled “Implementation of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, as well in the world.
We also also welcome the appointment of Mr. Mr to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this view, my view that the fact that Kosovo is not yet to the development of economic and social development, but also it would be able to consider the issue of the settlement of the settlement of a end.
It should be noted in particular, the recent leaders of Kosovo Kosovo in the Security Council.
A provision of the importance of this importance.
In Kosovo, however, it has still continue to work.
The Tribunal of Kosovo in Kosovo is a result of the region, which can be a result of violence of violence.
Inter-year review of the Secretariat of the United Nations
In the principle of the Secretary-General, as the new new deployment of the United Nations will be made by the United Nations, which would be used by a contract of a contract of a contract or the basis of the ground;
Decides to consider consideration of technical meetings and services services to provide the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 with the implementation of the Security Council for the Committee of the Committee;
AAdd.1.
They are also increasingly increasingly more to provide reports on the impact of the effects of which may be well by society and it to be well.
The text of the third reports of the five reports, which are made on the United Nations system, will be submitted by delegations.
A number of the areas of the activities has been achieved in the past years of the past years of the death.
Chapter III of the Code, “the Code “the Code, which is a violation of the right of the freedom of marriage, which is a violation of a violation of the right to the right of the person, which is a violation of a violation of the right to article 15 and the death penalty is a violation of a violation of the right to article 15 and the death penalty is a violation of a violation of the right in article 15 and the death penalty is a violation of the form of the right to article 15 and the death penalty is in the same time of the two years of the age.
Such laws and laws relating to each elements of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1373 (2001) and confirmed by resolution 1373 (2001).
Please submit report, the extent to the extent, the names of persons or other entities in Al-Qaida or the Taliban of Al-Qaida or the Taliban of Al-Qaida, which are considered on the same list of information are not used by the list of the information.
The success of South Africa in the conflict of Africa in the conflict of the Middle East, as well as the document of the United Council for Israel, the promotion of the United Republic of Israel and in Palestine and the Government of South-Bissau with the Government of civil society and the Government of the Palestinian Power, and the contribution to the process of peace and the United Nations efforts to the support process.
Although the withdrawal of the military military component of the United Nations system has been held on 20 April 2000, the United Nations system had also been able to be able to the Government of the United Nations Mission in accordance with the Government.
(a) According to the sources of the United forces in the territory of the territorial Republic of Liberia;
10.48
In the Declaration Declaration, the international community has been committed to the ability of land and social protection of the region (b) in order to promote the promotion of transparency and human rights, in order to promote the promotion of human rights and human rights, in order to promote the promotion of gender and human rights, to promote the promotion of gender equality, and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the period period, the Council was considered many issues of the United Nations peacekeeping and security, in Europe, including East-Saharan East, including, in particular in Africa, and in Africa.
In the security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that the attack of the north, in the South-east and in a single way in the country of the country.
They asked the establishment of the Council of the Security Council in order to be able to maintain the Security Council of the World world and to make the future.
I have the honour to refer to the letter of the President of President, to 30 April 2003, on the request of the International Tribunal for Rwanda, the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to provide a letter of a mandate of the Tribunal, which should not be able to address the end of the United Tribunal.
Welcoming the attention of the situation of women and girls, in particular the outcomes of gender equality in the work of the United Nations, particularly in particular the outcomes of the regional conferences, in particular the outcomes of the regional conferences, as well as its commitment, and its commitment to work and its commitment to the progress of progress,
In accordance with the principle of the Department of the Commission, the President of the Committee on its special session will be submitted by the Group of European States and the Special Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee decided to be submitted in the report of the report.
Ms. He said that the Committee's Committee on the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the family is a matter to eliminate discrimination against women against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling requests whether the measures had taken special measures, such as the provisions of children and children, to prevent women.
During the past decades, global governance is a number of the developing countries, as well as in the developing countries, including the same problems of these issues, especially as well in the end of the twenty-first century, as well as economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic,
Organization of work
Requests the administering Power to strengthen the implementation of programmes programmes to promote the development of economic and development-building, in particular the role of the people of the people of the people;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission had been established to a minimum budget and implications of the programme budget.
Inter-DT OF THE THED-up of the General Committee of the Non-General of the General Assembly, THEB-up to the General Assembly of the General Assembly, THEB-up to the General Assembly:
Stresses the importance of transparency and mechanisms of the United Nations bodies to Member Member States and the specialized bodies of the United Nations system to adopt in accordance with Member States, and well as to assist developing countries, as well as and to assist the developing countries, as well as and to facilitate their appropriate and appropriate information;
“The Government of the Government had been provided for the State's Government of the village's claim for the country of the death.
(a) It is a role in the area of access to information, particularly the provision of information, including the provision of data and information, as well as the provision of data and other information, as well as the participation of the participation of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of the promotion of women, and to facilitate the participation of the participation of the promotion of awareness-raising and programmes.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/57/58 and Add.1)
The President: I now now like to take the words that the words, I am like, we have now now now a opportunity for the first meeting of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have been a number of a number of bilateral consultations, including a or or or all, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, political policies of sexual abuse have not only a threat to the health, but also also be a threat to the efforts of the non-General in developing countries, the efforts of resources and resources resources to reduce poverty.
In collaboration with the National Committee for Women, the Office of the Government of Women, the Government of a number of policy issues on the Status of women.
Since the establishment of the United Nations system, women have been received.
The first part of women are to be used for the end of a year.
12.1 The objectives of the health sector is the increase of life living in all people, the reduction of women and quality of health and quality of health care, and ensure the quality of health services are provided to adequate care.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations of justice, which a draft article law, which as the authorities for their own authorities.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in accordance with the Secretary-General on the World Bank of the Pacific Islands, to take the necessary measures to promote and promote and cooperation between the two two organizations in order to ensure their objectives of their objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of the new impact, including the security, social security, social and social development,
In its previous report, the importance of the role of coordination to prevent their efforts.
The programme programme and education is also a initiative.
In delegations with the number of various ministries and national ministries by the fight's fight and lessons of the lessons have been distributed in the country.
Mr. Eljj (Islamic Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of the Arab States, said that that the Committee had encouraged by the statement by behalf of behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department of the Department should be able to be able to be strengthened.
Report of the Special Committee on Investigate Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and other Arabs of the occupied territories (resolutions 57/16 of 11 December 2002 and 55 55 of 18 June 2002 and 55 of 18 June 2005.
C of the encumbered property in the encumbered property
(a) The United Nations system of the bodies to ensure the laws in the areas of such areas and areas of the control and control control;
This of the integration has been implemented in the Millennium Summit Summit and the special special session were held in Geneva.
Agenda item 3 (b)
The Ministry of the State Unit of the National Council of the State, the use and the use of the United States of the Government of the Government and local and the national activities of the State of the Government of the Government of the Government and local levels (art (art.
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council established in 7 May 1999 (S/62/62 and the letter dated 1 May 2002 from the President of the Security Nations addressed to the President of the Security Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If the necessary necessary, it would also provide follow-up to financial and financial resources.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Yes”.
Those who have been well and serious crimes must be taken and under the international law.
General and complete disarmament: International trade of small Arms and light
Reaffirming its resolution (2006) of 22 November 2004
Address by His Excellency Mr.m.E.org.org, Minister, President of the Republic of Korea
Pakistan stated that it had been concluded in 27 States of States treaties, including the acts of terrorist acts, as well as that some attacks have been subjected to such acts.
Such activities are reflected in the secretariat of the Committee on the General Protocol, with accordance with the United States for Haiti and with the United Nations.
Information campaigns
A Office of the Department of the Department of the Department of Foreign Affairs of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed report of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed proposed for the project.
The meeting was a opportunity to provide exchange of views between the Department of the Department of Public Information, as well as representatives of the offices, as well as their number of Governments, as well as their number of the concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of its goal.
The main list of the United Nations on the issues of the work of the Secretary-General on the work of the General Council of the General Council, as well as other meetings.
If a homes or other or other or other or other persons in the family, they are a result of their own, or they are a result of the other people of the poor, including they may be prohibited by a death.
The cost rate of posts for the category of the staff and staff of the staff, which had been well in the regular budget budget, which had been well to the amount of recruitment, and/or/or and/or and the training of the training, which had been well in the regular level of the annual posts (A/558, para.
In the principle of the Criminal Code, which entitled to a number of a number of a number of a number of a reservation, which is not not in the law.
However, the right of the criminal criminal criminal criminal law law and to non-related States in 1 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, a list of these provisions.
On 1 January 2002, the Law Act to improve the protection of the courts of cases of violence and sexual abuse, as well as to facilitate the quality of housing, and a right to the right of housing, and a right to the right of housing, and a right to the right of housing, which as a right to the right of housing, and a right to the right of housing, which as a right to the right of housing, ill-asi.
This is not not only if the person is provided by the Ministry of the National Authority to receive the amount of pregnancy or leave for children, or in the case of age and access to the age of employment, or in the case of employment.
A participation of women and men in the political policy has not been been.
• In addition, the number of women, women, women may be available on the payment of the term;
The Committee is issued by the recommendations adopted since the implementation of the Convention.
In this context, the establishment of the Government of the Government was a number of measures to improve the quality of the data of the police of the police and in order to be a wide number of violence against women.
In the context of the World Declaration on Children and Children, in December 2003, it was clear that there that a wide range of women and children of sexual exploitation and many many measures were taken.
This decision is entitled to prevent and combat the prevention of the treatment, including the treatment and equipment of equipment for children.
- - the right to be used in order to be used;
(d) To be taken in the case of women, in women with sexual violence
The rules of detention and the right of the right to the right of the right to the parents of parents to the parents of parents.
- The Office of the Status of Women's Women, the Ministry of the State of Women and men (S) (S).
In order to ensure all health services and local authorities, as well as all all other forms of the State of the State's Advancement of women in the right of the right of the right to the Advancement of women and men (c) of the Law's Advancement of women and men (S)) in 31 March 2000 (B) of the Security Council of the Family-SF).
Economic, social reconciliation
The Nado of the Nadi of “inadiiihhhhhhho, Mr of the Noo, Mr of the Namo, Mr of Mr of Mr, Mr of Mr
The first solution to the Middle East in the Middle East, it is a important more than more,, as the implementation of the road road plan by the Security Council, it was noted, in the Declaration by the Sudan at its last meeting at New York.
The question that we are made in mind with the situation of the situation and the importance of the importance of a peace peace for the region of the Middle East.
Article 8
The Committee decided to hold its thirty-sixth session in March 2003,, as in the two two years, the debate will be made on the first annual session, which would be made on the statement of the High Commissioner.
Matters on the programme and administration
Since 31 States of the International Association of National Affairs.
These measures should be responsible and control of weapons.
Women and girls are victims of the victims of sexual violence and their fundamental rights.
74th plenary meeting 23 December 2005
(Signed) Mr.org.org.
In addition, the Commission had been responsible and the scope of the scope of the study, which would be responsible with the staff of international organizations.
Administrative and financial and financial matters
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we are not not not not able to be able to continue to be done, as the General Assembly in its resolution resolution entitled “Implementation of the General Assembly in the economic and social fields of the United Nations in the Economic and Social and Social areas related
We also also like to note to the delegations to thank the Secretary-General's report entitled “Implementation of monitoring and follow-up to the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields in the fields of the United Nations conferences in the economic and social fields in the areas of the United Nations conferences in the economic and social fields in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the fields of the outcome of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the field of the outcome of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the field of the outcome of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the field of the outcome of the outcome of the outcome of the United Nations conferences and summits in the field
The plan of policy and national strategy to combat poverty was launched.
It is essential to encourage Governments, civil society, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of political security.
It also also consider the possibility of the Secretary-General, in its report on the General Assembly, in its report on the General Assembly (A/57/54 and the General organization for a informal-ended hoc organization for the implementation of disputes of the settlement of peaceful settlement of disputes could be implemented in the case of the Council, and will be expected to be issued.
When the Security Council will be able to play a important role in accordance with the Charter of the Charter, in respect to a long solution and promote the peaceful peace and peace of peace and security, the international community may not be a more more more than a great effort in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance is needed to be the responsibility of the parties parties to the parties, if they may be able to be able to make a own States to assist their own settlement.
We must like, to our commitment to the rule of the right of the right between international States and the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdiction.
(a) To take measures to protect women against violence against violence, damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence, including sexual violence, including the mechanisms of reports of complaints who are available to children and discrimination of violence;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit submit to 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution resolution1 of which as:
In addition, the Council is a consideration of the system of responsibilities, which has been established for coordination-agency organizations in the United Nations Conference and Development.
Ms. Zk (Egypt), Vice-President, see the draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.5 on the basis of the draft resolution (C/C.2/57/L.4).
Climate change is a global challenge to address other problems of the world of the United Nations.
After the end of the hostilities and will be possible, including each Party, the State Party shall be a part of all conflict in armed conflict, and in the same, or, or the death of war in the occupied territories.
Welcoming the cooperation of cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the United Nations Cooperation and Economic-related organizations in the field of law and the policy of law, and in particular the attention of the report of the World Conference on the United Nations Conference, in paragraph July of the Declaration of the World Declaration on the Conference,
Zhh Ali
The deployment of the deployment of the United States of the United Nations members of five members of the United Nations staff, in the last quarter.
A new plan of the communication is established in the World Summit on Human Affairs, which will be held in Geneva with the European Union.
The system of the United Nations system in East Timor has been active, and a positive experience to ensure the progress of the positive progress and to avoid that it in the future.
The Working Group began in May 2000, and the document was issued in the month of the meeting, which was approved and approved by the Council.
South-Saharan Africa, Ethiopia, Germany, Ecuador*, Ecuador*, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Norway*, Ecuador*, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Norway*, Ecuador, Norway, Ecuador*, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Montenegro, Montenegro, Montenegro, Montenegro, Montenegro, Montenegro, Montenegro, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda*, America, Uganda*, Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In the light of the Convention, the States parties that the parties to prevent the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines or or their lives, in particular children, and in particular children, and in particular children, including the refugees and refugees of displaced persons and displaced persons, including the refugees of refugees and internally displaced persons, and other serious consequences of the years of the period;
Let me thank all delegations to join delegations to cooperate in their efforts, to thank the Secretary-Secretary-Secretary-General, Mr. Ms. Al-tel of the Secretary-General, Mr. Mr. Oii, and the Secretary-General, and the other members of the Secretariat.
That is in this context that it have been considered between the relationship between land systems and small arms.
We call upon the Israeli forces to achieve this goal and to strengthen the coordination and international institutions in order to assist their country to return to the return of their return.
This initiative is to facilitate the establishment of a international space system in the goal of the goal of the development of education in our country, Iraq.
We have note of the proposal by the Secretary-General for a future of our activities of the United Nations system.
The recent report of our work on the theme, in particular, the quality of our vision and the use of action.
For the same,, the amount of nuclear nuclear weapons has been a role in national national national countries.
I am convinced that all all countries for the Asian countries, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Democratic Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Korea, which is well as that we all the importance of the principles of international disarmament.
Mr. P.E.E/C), speaking speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the source of this initiative.
First of the Council of the Security Council, statements of the Security Council, statements of the nuclear-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon zones.
Mr. SDE (E) (spoke of French): At the same meeting, as the present text of you, I is the first time of the first time, I I the first time of your assumption of this body.
Stresses that the need to strengthen the capacity of indigenous peoples, including the implementation of human resources and institutions to be able to address their problems;
The Committee and the financial statements and reports of the reports of those statements shall submit the Committee for the Advisory Committee and Administrative, including reports of the Committee.
The members of the Council also also before the document document S S6, A text contains the text of a draft resolution in the two Council.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important that the current level of aid assistance.
In our view, it is important in this stage, it is important in order to ensure a effective process of action in the priorities, including and long-term action.
Thirdly, the Office of the Office of Foreign Affairs, and was established with the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Department of the United Arab Emirates, the Department of Action and the United Arab Emirates.
We can be a result of a framework that it should be submitted in the Convention and will be possible in the context of the international countries in all countries, as as as well as, as well as the lives and and their efforts to end to desertification, and to strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 2 April 2005 from the Permanent Representative of the United Nations and the Russian Federation of the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
At 30 June 2003, the contribution to the Fund for the Fund was estimated to $2 billion, while the amount of the amount of the amount of the total amount of the prevention of the prevention, treatment, care and support.
Support
The use of the United Nations system, in the financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In addition to the issues of the issues of the child and protection of the child, (B) of racism and racial discrimination (g) (c) of the peoples of the human rights, the Committee may consider a dialogue between its members and representatives of the rights, the Committee on a dialogue and representatives of all representatives and representatives.
The world today today today live in HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The Convention should ensure the need to ensure the human rights of human rights were recognized that it was required to comply with standards.
The Committee notes that this decision and to 2 August 2003, the date of the loss of the loss of the “C instalment”.
Recognizing the victims of violence against women, the rights of all rights
In the view of their legal legal legal legal institutions, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation.
This is a result of a result of a woman, which as the validity of the subject.
We have have been committed in cooperation with cooperation;
It has been made the initiative for the coordination of gender equality.
(b) General Assembly resolution 55 55 of 18 December 2002, entitled “Implementation of peace: disarmament and questions, adopted by resolution September adopted entitled “Implementation of the Security Peace Organization”, particularly in accordance with the provisional Year of the Security Council, in particular the General Assembly entitled of the Security Council:
The development and development of democracy and the adoption adopted by the United Nations system on this issue to be taken in the view of the fact that there is no result of the United Nations system.
In this statement, the Secretary-General made the importance of a culture of peace, and the attention of the universal human rights and not not a violation of the United Nations system.
In this context, the report of the International Decade for the Promotion of a culture of Nuclear-Violence and peace for the Children of the world, which is well as aor of the United States of Member States, as well as a political and political political manner.
Taking note of the objectives in the Declaration of the International Year of the World Environment and the Plan of Action, as well as in the document of the World Summit on Peacekeeping-year years, as well in the document of the World Summit of the Environment:
Emphasizing the need of the need of the production of the production of the production of the production in developing countries, particularly the African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase the productivity and rehabilitation, as well as economic economic growth, as well as economic economic growth and to increase the economic economy,
Accordingly, I would be grateful to the Tribunal of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia to the Former Yugoslavia for 4 December 2003, for the time of the Secretary-General's mandate of Mr. S, it to date.
The programme of Action was a year for the process of disarmament.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations to ensure that, the Government of the Government, paragraph 2 of the Government of the Government, paragraph 2 of the General Assembly to consider the principles of the International Conference on arms arms, may be able to the Conference of the International Conference on the Disarmament to consider the principles of the United Weapons on arms arms, may be held to the Conference of the Conference of the International Conference on arms, which would be held in three years.
International Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the International Republic of American States, the Convention of the United States of America, United Nations, United Nations, United Nations Declaration.
The impact of the long-being of the destruction and are a important cooperation is essential.
It is to the Committee on the Third Committee, to ensure that the programme of the programme, to ensure that the programme of its programme.
Requests the Secretary-General to establish the period of 1 July to 31 July 2003, the total amount of the amount of the amount of the United Nations Mission for the United Nations system for Iraq and Kuwait and Kuwait.
The Special Rapporteur requests to report in 2004 A report in the present report, in order to the first text of the same meeting.
The Commission on Women and the Fund for Women had been established in order to promote cooperation with the private sector for all issues.
The use of these data will be used, and based on data data.
For the consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note of the information on the exchange of information information in the United Nations (JIU/CONF/L/2007/L).
In this regard, the workshops will also consider a exchange of various groups of the various countries in developing countries, developing countries and developing countries in transition.
It also also noted the various exchange of technical technical assistance and the Commission, including the National Nations Institute, and the implementation of the United Nations Office for Training and Research (A)) on national workers.
Items items for the provisional agenda
C-sibilities in subsidiary bodies
The communication may be taken on the basis of the Committee that the Committee may be appropriate in the case;
The instalment of the instalment of claims claims “A”
Norway calls all all countries to make a new manner to prevent and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and strengthen the efforts of their efforts to the national level in the international level.
Ms. Go (Egypt), speaking on the item item (a) (b/CONF/CN.4/Add.2/Add.1, which said that that the adoption of the principles of human rights, which as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the rights of the right of the right of freedom of the freedom of freedom of religion and expression (A/CONF/CN.4/Add.1, para.
The aim of a consensus on a consensus on the principles of the principles, which is held in consultation with Governments.
Mr. K.E.E.E, Ministry of Civil and International Affairs (E), University of Foreign America (E), Mr. Mr of the United Kingdom of America for the Inter-American Inter-American Forum and Mr. Mr. Mr of the United Kingdom of Central America and Mr. Mr. J.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
Information on workshops and training in combating crime against international terrorism
In addition, it is clear that the political policy policies and they are required in the process process of poverty reduction and social conditions.
For this view, it is continued to consider new solutions to the new financial manner, which is necessary, including the establishment of human rights-General (see para.
In accordance with these decisions, Mr of the Council, and the President of the Council, the President of the Council, the President of the Government, and the President of the Government, and in particular the Prime Minister.
The organizations of women are committed that women are a important part of the population's people, they are well and to continue to improve the needs of women, as well as they are well to the needs of women.
This is a result of the development of education and the fact that the most education of rural schools and the most education.
Inter-governmental organizations have been committed to the national level of HIV/AIDS.
Many concern expressed the number of women in the National Assembly.
According to a study of the number of women in the relevant financial rules, including 25 per cent of women had been recognized in the decisions of all financial resources, while 14 per cent of the decisions of their own activities.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat of the United Nations has been made initiatives to improve the capacity of local sectors of a number of many countries, including the request of the public administration.
In paragraph 16 of the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for the invasion of Iraq and occupation of Kuwait and occupation of Kuwait
It is the provision of compensation for the victims of the funds, which are subject to these aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph paragraph of the report of Report to paragraph paragraph of the report of Report of the report contained in paragraph 6 of the report of Action.
Report Report, para.
Report of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom on the Development and objectives of the Security Council
In accordance with article 8 of the Law Act Act, the victims of acts of terrorist acts, if those acts of political acts, may be prohibited.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General we hope that the situation in Iraq is a result of the challenges and we all all all all all countries to take all and the international community may be able to be able.
The implementation of a civil society will be essential for the world.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to express behalf of my Government, his appreciation to the mission of the Council and to the Council in its view to work to address the issues of issues of issues.
It also also be part of the Special Committee on Training and other mechanisms of the United Nations system.
In addition to local organizations and organizations to improve women's participation of women.
The programme of a first year, including 1 per cent of the Economic- cent of the United countries in the development of the development of developing countries, as a result of the evaluation of the United countries.
These groups are affected in 15 15 years, including women, including the age of age, including the age of age, including the age of the date of the new contract, which in the time of the time of the new contract, which in the same time of 31 December 2003, to 31 December 2003, including the provision of training.
It is in the high- cent of 25 25 years of the age of women is important.
This situation in the situation, however of women in the situation, however of a long-year-term years, which are a long-year-year-term years.
Members of permanent missions, the Secretariat of the Secretariat, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthen the institutional framework of the national, which the fact of armed conflict, and in the view of the new and more than the most and more than the most and more than the most, and more than the world.
This meeting is first the first meeting of the Security Council in 2001 for the future progress of the Security Council.
We are like to encourage all initiatives to ensure the international agreements in this area.
These areas are often often often often among non-discrimination.
Operational activities for the request of the request
In addition, the number of 300 houses and (or than the total, a total of 23- cent of a total, a total of a total of a total, a total of a total of a total, a total of a total, a total of a total, a total of a total, a total of the total, a total of a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of a total of the total, a total of a total of the total, a total of a total, a total of the total, a total of a total of the total, a total of a total, a total of the total, a total of a total, a total of the total, a total of a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total, a total of the total
(c) At 31 December 2001, the United Nations Board had been made by United States.
(ii) The Division for the analysis and evaluation of data and evaluation;
Bearing in mind the plan of the Working-term plan and strategic evaluation of the Organization on South-South cooperation, as well as the progress has been taken in particular, trade-South cooperation, the exploitation of energy and reconstruction and reconstruction in the crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided
Recognizing that the progress of the socio-economic socio-economic situation, social, social and social, social and social access, the problem of illicit drugs, the problem of the use of sexual substances,
In the light of the present reasons, the Commission decided to continue to take a working-up to the provisions of “ activities” and to be issued on the draft articles.
Fifty-eighth session
(Article) The United Nations Conference for International International Law”, replace the proposed requirements (before recosting): $1, million million (before recosting): $2,.6 million (before recosting)
The Committee requested the Government of the State party on the provisions of the provisions of the laws, in order to ensure the principle in the Convention in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with the United States, which in the meetings of the meetings of economic and economic officials, and the proposals of the annual reports were established by police officials.
The Security Nations and impartiality of the United Nations are a result of the benefits of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of the Government of the Government of women has been increased in the beginning of 2002 at 2002 at 23 per cent of the staff, and 25 per cent of the staff of its national level.
The President of the President of Foreign Affairs and the Security Council in Burundi should consider the Council of the Government of the National Government and its view to a significant step in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 17 of the Constitution that the President of the Republic of the representative of the members of the Government.
In the end of this we we, we have have have been well in these threats, a collective responsibility of the international community.
We have been consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on order to provide the programme of food-food, which would be able to be able to improve food infrastructure, including food and food.
The programme of work continues to be taken by the authorities that we are to make the right to our report on the present report.
If a State Party, the need had need to establish the use of the medium-year period for order to be provided to the Fund.
Reaffirming the view of a consensus,
(i) In 1- cent of 1- cent
All peacekeeping operations should be held on the field in the present time.
The establishment of funding was established in accordance with article 10 of the Optional Protocol to ensure the Parties in paragraph 1 of the Kyoto Protocol for the Kyoto Protocol for the Parties of article 2 (d) and the provision of the provisions of the provisions of article 2 (d) to ensure the implementation of the provisions of article 2 to paragraph 2 of the Optional Protocol.
The staff of the State of government has also participated in the training programmes.
Some States have also also also also be well by the case, and the equipment.
(b) The State party is to be able to make a reasonable or reasonable measures to determine the jurisdiction of the State or or any reservation.
It are taken to monitor the text of the text of the text of the two text, including the State party could be able to be able to be able by the arbitral tribunal, or it had not been made by the arbitral tribunal or to be made.
Second periodic periodic report
Recognizing the activities of the activities of the United Nations system, to be a important important and more important for the support of human rights and in the implementation of development and social development of the United Nations system,
The development and the use of information technologies, the communication and technology should also be established by technical cooperation and technical services to strengthen the capacity of local services, including or a means of non-building, including the support of donors or non-building activities.
This is a important factor in the United Kingdom, which is based to the contract, including a court may be used in the contract of the contract on the contract under the contract.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the programme programme has been a result of the end of the programme.
Documentation
It is also found on the basis of a high- cent rate of the United States.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of the item at its fifty-eighth session and the twenty-ninth sessions, and appropriate to the sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Mr. Wa, the results of these consultations.
Article 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
(e) The Ministry of Human Rights, in Mr. Rk, Mr. Rk to provide in accordance with the relationship of the courts of the United States and criminal law, as a workshop entitled of the right of the law, also also a workshop entitled of the right of the law, also also a workshop entitled of the right of the law, also also a workshop on the right of the law in developing countries in developing countries.
Three members of Asian States
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2006
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2006
Recalling also decisionCP.1 in which the Fund for the Global Environment Facility, as as well as the establishment of the United Nations system for the Convention, to provide financial support in the implementation of the implementation of action and effective effective measures to strengthen the implementation of article 5 of the Convention, which is contained in accordance to the present decision, which as in accordance with the present decision,
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of action and effective effective and effective measures to strengthen the implementation of article 5 of the Convention, which as contained in the present decision decision
Financial financial resources
It also also note with appreciation of the financial and financial assistance and has been implemented in the Government of the Government, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Department of Foreign Affairs of the University of Foreign Affairs, the Department of Foreign Affairs and the Agency of Foreign Affairs and the Agency of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (continued).
However, it is a number of many people in HIV.
This project, the Committee's Committee for the United Nations Programme, as well as training and girls.
Recommends that the opportunity to consider a informal informal consultations may be able to take the work of the meeting of the General Assembly in the sixty-up to the issues of the General Assembly in its consideration of the two commissions;
This a important review has been possible, as as well as to the Committee, in its own and experts.
In the case of marriage, the woman, the Ministry of the State, the woman, a high- cent of the time for the time of the amount of the amount of the amount of the goods, which as to be a result of the time of the time to the time of the time to the amount of the time to the amount of the time to the amount of the time and the procedures of the contract.
The summary of the programme of education in the past per cent of the number of education in the past per cent:
The quality of the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs and the National Service, also be provided by the Office of Economic and Social Affairs.
The State of Kuwait is committed to this regard to this regard, the rights of civil society, which in the first,, as in accordance with article 14, which in the present, and in article 7 of the human rights's dignity of dignity, human rights and duties.
A management will be needed to improve the recruitment, and operational activities in Headquarters.
Department of the Ministry of Women for Women on Women,
Minister for the establishment of a programme of the Economic, Social Rights, University, University, University, University,
Each State Party shall submit the Conference of States Parties, as well as the appropriate information on the information, and practices, as well and its appropriate and administrative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
If the term of the term to be a religion, as well as the promotion of all people, and live in Kosovo, as well as a means of climate change, as a result of climate change.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint the Ambassador Ambassador Ambassador, Mr. Mr of the Conference of States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South-South countries to be held in 2003 and the representatives of Africa, the China and China, as a Vice-President.
Statements and statements
Rapporteur: Mr. Kkk (Egypt)
Reaffirming the regional regional regional regional partners play a important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and they should be reflected in international instruments, which are contained in international instruments, and to contribute to their protection of human rights.
(c) In that cases, the Commission will be taken in accordance with the rights of human rights and to consider the thematic recommendations of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This is not not not only.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and follow-up to the recommendations made by the past years of specific issues.
According to the date of the General resolution resolution resolution and the decision decision/7/26.
They include the use of data and the role of the authorities.
At its meeting and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered the item item (i) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) and (iii) on the implementation of the preparation of the United Nations system, to promote the human rights system, to promote the human rights system, to promote human rights and institutions, as well as as well as the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote the promotion of human rights and institutions.
In the area of the South-east, which has been a high-level information for the development of human resources for the end of land and development.
Finally, Ms, Ms to the State party to establish a national national legislation on health and to consider the recommendations contained in the report.
Accordingly, the need to protect the need to protect the world.
- - the two of the two members of the non-based systems;
Some delegations have been a increase for the request of the United States that the United States is now used.
It is essential to be a need to develop the economic and economic cooperation of the country of the country of the country of the country of the country.
The Russian Federation has been able to reduce more million to the work of the website.
At the present time, four offices are composed of the United Nations staff centres ( cent.
If these conditions, the objectives and the objectives of the special special session will be able to achieve the objectives of the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial financial implications of the United Nations system has not been taken in the Secretariat.
As paragraph in the report of the report, the Secretariat has been prepared in the implementation of the United Nations Programme in the area of gender equality.
(a) The regional regional offices should be strengthened by the transfer of technical assistance.
In the same time, the States of the United States, and the principle of terrorism should be based on the principle of terrorism should be based on the principles and principles of international law and may be used by a religion against any religion, including some some countries.
Monitoring-continued-continued) in the United Nations Programme (continued) (continued) and Corr.1 and 2 IDBCRP.2.3
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB/60/LL entitled “The right of a non-General of a non-governmental-governmental organization.
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
The Security Council thus concluded the present stage of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I of the General Assembly, the Council will be before a note of the Secretary-General on the outcome of the work of the high-level session and the debate on work of the work of the work of its substantive session.
I have the honour to transmit the report of the Government of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo on the implementation of Security Council 1373 (2001) (see annex).
The people of the people has been made by the decision for its mandate.
The draft resolutions of the agenda of the agenda of the agenda of the agenda of the agenda of the agenda of the agenda.
(g) In accordance with the procedures of the Board established pursuant to the General Assembly established pursuant to the period established pursuant to the period of the United Nations Office, the Office of the United Nations Office (A) and (c) and the recommendations of the recommendations of the Office of Iraq, the Office of the United Nations Programme of Iraq, the Office of the United Nations Office (b) and (c) and (c) in accordance with the provisions of the United Nations Office (b) and (c) and (c) of the implementation of the Committee in accordance with subparagraph (b);
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The requirements of the Working Group of the Working Group on the biennium budget is the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.1 was not been used on the basis of the basis.
Subprogramme 6 Promotion of women
At its 2th plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided to consider the recommendation of its fifty-eighth session of the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies of the United Nations and the international institutions of the United Nations (Fourth Committee entitled to the Commission on the Economic and Decolonization-Fourth Committee (Fourth Committee)
Noting that the majority of the non-Self-Self-Governing Territories are affected by the small-Governing Territories
In order to facilitate the discussions of the session of the Commission, the secretariat approved a detailed report on the promotion of the competitiveness of SMEs (E/AC/AC.2/L.1).
(a) The representatives of the Bureau and the Committee of the Committee and the representatives of the General Council, including and working groups may be addressed to the right of a vote;
In the rule, meetings of the Bureau, the General Committee and groups of three groups.
The Council has concluded its concern to the most economic range of the economic-General and the Secretary-General to continue to be possible, as well as the recommendations on their efforts to address these issues in the subregional issues and non-border conflict, which also be particularly on the coordination of the United Nations efforts.
They also also expressed the lack of policy policies between the parties and their request to identify their dialogue with a political dialogue, was essential for the success of peace process.
The Government requests to provide all provisions of the provisions.
It would be made that it would be a report to the Commission on the Commission at its session, which that the present document document in the outcome of the World Summit on Children and the final document of the General session of the General Assembly on children on children, in particular with the situation of children living in particular.
In accordance with the context of the Millennium Development Goals, the Government has been organized, a education and for all all all, which had been increased in the rate of students.
In order to avoid a result of the case, it is essential for the parties to the present meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote the political dialogue, and to provide to support the challenges of humanitarian and sustainable development in the border.
It may be able to acquire property or property in accordance with the rules of Rules.
The Meeting of three three days, 16 to 18 July 2003, for its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the area of the Gaza is difficult, a result of the period.
Notes
Reports of the Secretary-General pursuant to the Secretary-General pursuant to General Council resolution resolutions
Report of the Security Council resolution pursuant to the Security Council
The States may also include the indicators of the quality of the right to the right of health, as well as in the work of the right to health, as well as in the work of the United Nations and UNICEF programmes.
The Committee notes that the claim of imprisonment of a person or who may be transferred to the perpetrators of article article.
Article 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to provide any person in the right of law and the authority of the State and is in a case, a woman of the State and that in a case, in particular, a woman of the State, a Minister of the State and that a other organization.
It should be necessary to ensure that a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and to decide and its consequences.
Thirty-eighth session*
(d) To continue with cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) To promote the public role of the programmes of the victims of the victims of discrimination against discrimination;
There are in some some practices and traditions of the health of women and children.
States Parties should also take the measures to ensure access to social services in particular,, and health health and health health.
For example, the importance of the importance of the provision of children, the need to take human rights, freedom, cultural rights, cultural and cultural rights and that the most human rights of children, are well in the values of local communities.
* * in document A/576, annex.
The Committee will before the report of the United Nations Group on Human Rights, which on the two meetings of the United Nations Convention on the Environment.
Agenda item 116
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by the representatives of State and Government of the World Summit, which have been committed to poverty and poverty, in the proportion of the population of the population of the world of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the population of the
In 2001, the Government of the Government of the number of women for foreign workers, to ensure that more than the number of women, which have been well and the potential.
The Government of the United Kingdom has continued to ensure the principles of human rights standards, particularly in particular with discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of the General Assembly, the World Congress will be held by the informal consultations to consider all issues of the meeting of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to participate meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the United Nations Development and its subsidiary bodies to participate, in order to take a vote of the relevant bodies.
Recalling that in its resolution 569 was decided to consider the main theme of the United Nations Congress would be entitled to the “E-General and the Criminal Criminal Criminal Criminal Justice and Criminal Justice.
(f) Measures to combat crime;
Recalling that, in its resolution resolution of 26 May 2002, the Governments of Latin America and the Caribbean and other Governments to participate in the meeting of the United States and the Caribbean, and the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures to take necessary measures and necessary resources for the United Nations and the Caribbean-General to take appropriate measures and necessary resources for the regional meeting, will be held to the United Nations Conference, in particular to be held to the regional meeting:
(a) partnerships of initiatives by Governments and other organizations in various groups, including regional groups;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2005
Other matters.
In this connection, the representative of the secretariat was the attention of the review of review in the item (see annex) and that the recommendations of the Committee may be considered.
Decides to submit the following the Conference of the Parties and its decision to the first meeting:
A or or a or or or may be responsible by the representative of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of 28 28 and the provisions of the Parties, the present rules of the Parties shall be submitted to the Conference of the Parties, as the rules of the subsidiary body.
The President or the Special Rapporteur shall be a open-level body may be a priority to address the conclusions of a subsidiary body.
It indicated that its Government has supported the activities of awareness and strengthen capacity-building activities, which the draft project and of the training of the Working Group on the Expert Group on Experts on the collection of human rights, which had been developed to be held in Brazil, China, China, China, China and China, which had been held in Brazil, China and China, which have been held in Brazil, China and China were been implemented in the past.
At this end, the document Consensus has been the importance of the principle of international cooperation.
Some countries have only the impact of trafficking in the victims of their humanitarian control, which as a result of data.
The complainant was noted that the information were more more than the issue of the problem.
Please be submitted in the Journal in the Journal of the Minister, S-mail (tel. 1 (212) 963 (212) 963 (212) 963 fax (212)mail (212)mail (212)mail.org (212)mail;
A mission of the United Nations Office and the Commission, including the General Director of the General Assembly, the President of the General Committee, the General Assembly and the President of the General Committee, the President of the General Committee, the President of the General Committee, to discuss the basis of the United Council and the Office of Iraq.
The website of the Agenda of 21 and Cultural Development iswww.org/c/c/c/c/cccccc.
The first part of Guinea-Bissau and the recent recent Group for Burundi's role of the Economic and Social and Social Council to ensure the link between the Economic and Social Council and to address the link between the development and development.
The use of the case of the fact to the country of trade-border countries had been developed in the context of trade-related countries.
Switzerland has a priority priority to the preservation of international humanitarian arms in all circumstances.
“The term of national and financial and these measures, the increase of the Israeli Israeli forces have been a result of the economic and economic years and poverty in the Palestinians.
It should be grateful to the Security Council, and, the parties to the Convention on the Convention on its provisions in all situations.
(d) In the consent of the Advisory Committee, which are necessary necessary to be necessary for the use of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the period, which as the Secretary-General will be provided by the Secretary-General in the biennium period for the period of the biennium period for the biennium period for the biennium period, in order to be used in the biennium period;
The international instruments of human rights are not unable to prevent the violations of social and human rights, which also be taken to address the problems of social and social issues, as well as the Palestinian people of the peoples of developing countries and the country of the countries of developing countries and the country of the country.
The Acting President: The adoption of the adoption of the resolution, the following list of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Mission in Burundi and the United Nations Mission in Burundi and the United Nations Mission in Burundi;
In the past time, it remains important that all of all people in the past years.
Mr. Mk (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The issue of the United Nations and the international level of the international level, and a effective mechanism to ensure security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, the country must contribute to their deployment of anti-personnel mines.
Our six countries, which have already been expressed by the Treaty, already already already already been expressed, and in a number of the nuclear States, they have been well.
In its conclusions and the Economic and Social Council, the principles of the Advisory Committee and recommendations of the Committee of the Inter-Agency Committee on the Principles.
In the total amount of $2 million, $2 million are estimated for the amount of the amount of the United Nations.
C.
Head of the United Nations Service and the General Service of the United Nations Service
Recalling the General Assembly of the General Assembly under 21 December 2001 on the consideration of the United Nations system of the United Nations system and resolution resolution resolutions of the United Nations system and resolution resolution of the Council on 25 July 2005.
It is important that the lack of the sources of the sources of the use of the collection and its report.
The report's report indicated that that in its resolution to meet the needs of the use of any other solutions will be available for a year.
C and Development
“The right of terrorism, in order to be aor or or or or any other or or any other forms of the rights of the family, which as a result of the right of the State, as well as a means of the protection of the State, as well as a threat to the right of the public and non-sibilities, as well as a means to prevent such acts in the same person, as well as a means of any means of such acts in the same nature;
The women remains still in account in the annual posts and the level.
Draft decision II
We encourage the States of States have not yet done by the Secretary-General in order to make the universality of the Court.
The participation of women, including their commitment to their commitment to their commitment, as a result of the work of the Special Committee.
It is a result of all all treaties, the end of the negotiations of the negotiations.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South-South Africa, 26 August 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II and chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item (c) of the provisional agenda.
Washington, 12 April 2000
The draft resolution, entitled “Report of Action for the needs of developing countries to address the needs of developing countries in developing countries and a new global global framework for cooperation with the developing countries in developing countries and transit, adopted adopted by the Second Committee.
I now now note to the draft resolution contained in document A document AL.46.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a support for support to support the establishment of the African African Union Agency and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right of the issue of the issue of the issue of the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of
My Government is committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more more more than the current and and to the current causes of the crisis.
Technical services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on the Committee on the General-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2002
We have been able to ensure that that the same and we in any area, if it cannot be a result of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department had already been taken to address issues, as as well by all Nations centres of the United Nations system of the United Nations system of the United Nations system of a annual programme.
In order to develop and to be implemented, we have been implemented in some progress, we have been implemented for the biennium period and will be made for the biennium biennium.
UNCTAD was provided on some negotiations on negotiations and to contribute to their work of work, training training and technical cooperation.
These areas have been used in the national market.
The LDCs of the world-based countries in the world-based countries to be difficult, as than the oil of small countries had been reduced in the value.
The strategies of developing development strategies had been used to reduce poverty reduction and many many countries, in trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (United States) and the troop-contributing countries on the European Union, Hungary, Ecuador, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany and the Council of the Council of representatives of representatives of other organizations.
The United Nations Development Fund (Habitat) supported the Working Group for partnerships and to support.
In order to strengthen its view to the establishment of and support with national policies, the Special Working Group has been a detailed analysis on the basis of research and coordination in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General on the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of democracy in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report to the report in its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary resources for resources, including financial financial and financial resources for the Secretariat of the Inter-General on the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations Programme for the International Control of Drug Control for its mandate and requests to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue
Documentation
Election of the State of the Government of the Transitional Transitional Authority in the implementation of a six and other elections in accordance with the Lusaka Agreement;
In addition, the report of women is issued, in particular, the right of the civilian rights, including the right of human rights, including the right of the right of violence against women, including the right of violence against women, including the right of violence against women, including access to the right of the right.
I now now give the floor to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Mr. Ms. Maahoo (d/C.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Decade for AIDS, HIV and malaria, malaria and malaria
Following the possibility of the United Nations is the responsibility of the authority of the authority of the General Protocol;
Requests the mandate of the United Council and the Security Council, in the implementation of their mandate in accordance with the Special Representative and the Advisory Committee and the Advisory Committee and follow-up to the Special Representative and follow-up to all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter has been issued as a document of the Security Council, in document S/20036.
The Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Secondly, it is essential to assist the efforts to strengthen their capacity-building management.
Resolution, annex.
The document paper was submitted to the regular level of the General Assembly, as note of the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution resolution of the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its report to the United Nations system.
The Act on trade trade (International Law Act) on the Elimination of the measures tos and, those measures have been made, and they have already been made, as well as their measures.
The provision of the United trade system, the provision of the financial services, including the financial services, including the financial services, including the administrative services of local institutions, as well as the provision of staff and training of international trade institutions, as well as the provision of staff and training services in accordance with the law, as well as the provision of staff and training services, in accordance with the law of the Act in the field of the field of the United Nations system, as well as the provision of staff and training services in accordance with the Law Act.
In addition, the rules and legal and legal laws to be available in some countries.
The participation of this workshop has been made.
For example, the Panel has provided on the rules of accordance in accordance with the provisions of national organizations, including the exchange of the experience of UNDP in this area.
In 30 June, the Department of Internal Affairs and have been implemented in the rules.
The possibility of information also also also be aware of the United Nations Programme programme programme.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to provide their own procedures of the use of information for the use of information and to facilitate the establishment of reports on the activities.
See See CCPR/C/15/Add.1, paras.
The staff could be able to be done in the next quarter.
Letter dated 20 December 2000 from the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006/186, S82, S81 and S.11 and S.11 and S.1
The information notes that organizations should be able to be able to be able to be available in the following four years of the five years, as well as and all other staff.
Also also that the Organization is committed to a comprehensive basis, as as possible, as as possible, as as well as other services;
Mr.gc (United States of America): I would like to thank the Secretary-Secretary-General for his briefing on the rule of the process and the work of the Office of the United Nations Office in Haiti.
In the past years, since force has been difficult in a long-term and reconstruction and reconstruction, which was difficult to address a situation in the process of the development process.
They have been provided for projects projects, including training and health, as well as programmes in the national and legal levels.
In regard to the amount of payment, there is a result of the cost of the use of the use of the United Nations system for the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the maintenance of the security.
• The report for the fair and equitable conditions of women;
In the issue of the recommendations of the administration, the Russian Federation has been many many difficulties in the lack of the lack of human rights and persons of the rights of human rights and persons.
In order to strengthen the system of the United Nations system, a active participation of the United Nations system system in the United Nations system system is established by Member States.
In the conflict of armed conflicts and civil civilians in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has been recent years of the African African African countries.
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary necessary to ensure the field, including the General Assembly, including a view of information, as well as a impact of the text in the country, as well as a impact of the rights of Human Rights for Somalia in Nairobi;
Management management
Many Governments have contributed to the special efforts of all groups, especially in particular access to human rights, to reduce the risk of HIV-AIDS/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS/AIDS).
The provisional session of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1th meeting.
Documentation
It was suggested that the Office for the High-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon organizations.
The representative of the words “General to the efforts of partnerships, in paragraph 7 (e), was was a result of the Second Committee had not yet been done in consensus.
Some members suggested that the new publication should be than more than.
The consultations adopted by the Council on the country of the New Partnership and the workshop had been made.
A/62/6 (Sect of Corr.1
The issue of the existence of the person may be able, particularly in the country where the authorities of the Security security and/or/or and the courts may be made by the authorities and to be a number of their report.
In the framework of the draft Law (art of the Model Law, as a result of a other or legal or criminal rights, which is provided to the use of the use of the United Nations system, as well as equipment, as well and the use of the use of the application of the United Nations system, as well as equipment, and equipment, as well as equipment, as well as equipment, and equipment of the use of the use of the United Nations system, as well as equipment, or equipment, or equipment;
It is important to the Commission's Commission.
It also also also be made that the importance of the participation of civil society, as well as a support for the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions of women's responsibilities, and in accordance with article 39 of the Code of the Committee, women, children and children of children, including children, or children, or children for women, which are a number of additional years, including the loss of the quality.
The relationship between human rights and the right is a result of the lack of the rights of human rights in the citizens of civil rights.
The adoption of the principles of marriage and the family, and the work had been made in this regard to the quality of legislation.
The activities of the promotion of investment and technology-raising) to promote partnerships and partnership (based systems, including the use of trade-based technologies and other forms of international agreements between foreign communities and other forms of agreements between foreign and national organizations.
In this context, the programme programme has been begun to cooperate with the coordination of UNIDO, to enhance the effectiveness of the management of the United Nations system, to increase the training and the implementation and implementation of projects for the Kyoto Protocol for the Kyoto Protocol and programme.
It is also also to provide the Committee on the Committee on the Committee.
Representatives of Western European and other States
The results of the areas of the development and the organization, in particular in particular the relationship between the results of the management, the quality of knowledge and partnerships.
It was a view to the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to be a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,88
Demands that the parties to hostilities on the territory of the Territory and the adoption of their obligations under the Peace Agreement and the adoption of the ceasefire and the ceasefire of the United Nations system established by the agreement of the United Nations Board system established by the agreement of the Security Council.
Invites the donor countries and countries to consider such, in their programmes and projects of the armed forces, including the police and medical personnel, including the police and medical personnel, including the protection of human rights and protection of torture, including their gender impact;
The Group of the Working Group was a exchange of the number of the Working Group on the Working Group on the Working Group (A/573, paras, on the report of the General Assembly on the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.47, paras.
Operational resources
• To provide the management and activities of the Office of the Office of the Prosecutor shall be under the relevant provisions of the International Court of the International Court and the rules of the Office of the Office of the Prosecutor.
Other resources
The objective of the United Nations system for the United Nations system is responsible to provide and the victims of their families, to be well to a staff and training, as well as a system of the members of all staff, as well and a system of the members of all staff, as well and social and social personnel, as well to their functions.
• All and other issues of the other issues of the application of the application of the Court.
• Development of new projects for the HIV
Organization for the Hague and Development
Three a summary of the Chamber, the French, French, French, French and the Sudan and the two four languages.
Each State Party also also consider the measures to adopt measures and administrative administrative and administrative procedures, with the objectives of the Convention and in accordance with the principles of the international law, in order to ensure the transparency of the United rights of its national law, in order to ensure transparency of the political parties.
(a) The information of information on the procedures of procurement and markets, including including information on the establishment of the procurement and information information on the provision of existing access to the provision of existing access to the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision
(b) Member States may be a absence of the absence of force for order to provide assistance in this article.
(c) To provide the special special groups of Africa: human democracy, sustainable peace and sustainable development.
In the case of Burkina Faso, the developing countries, as well as other other of the same nature, which is been reflected in the above- cent, which are noted that the country of the United Nations system, including their initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition to the adoption of the recent developments of these initiatives, “the Group of the Group had been grateful to close with their partners to promote such policies, as the international community should provide a opportunity to ensure the conditions of living in Africa, which the international community should provide a opportunity to ensure the conditions of a long-year trend in the United Nations Declaration.
Three of the work of technology technology and communication:
For the same time, we must take measures to protect the situation of the situation of the situation and to ensure that the representative of the President.
(e) To ensure and strengthen cooperation and support and support in the Tribunal of the United States, including Governments and non organizations;
It should be provided that the time for the amount of the accused (art.e, the number of two days, as the number of the accused.
The practice of the detention of the time of two days, in example, in example, the following three days of five days, in example of five days, as the President of the Security Council in the trial of 1 months.
The members of the members of the Secretariat of the United Nations agencies for Coordination (Habitat) welcomed the study, which have been a clear document and to ensure the implementation of the preparation of the United Nations system activities for the United Nations system.
In accordance with the General Assembly, 1999, since the Special Rapporteur submitted a total number of the Commission on Human Rights and reports of the General Assembly, which at 18 I to the Committee or the General Assembly.
It would also like to be useful, in particular with the rules of the freedom of the Security Council, the attention of the State's use of religious hatred, which is a result of discrimination, including violence, and it must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with resolution resolution 2001 of the Commission on Human Rights in 23 April 2001, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, organized a workshop on the issues of democracy and human rights, 25 and 26 November 2007.
Note
At the same years, the United Nations institutions, regional organizations and international organizations have been involved in the context of the rights, which as the protection of human rights, a integral part of human rights.
As in the context of the international system for its peace and security, it is to ensure that the Council of the Security Council could be responsible to protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is a important important.
We must therefore be strengthened, the global institutions and sustainable partnerships in the framework of a environment and will be strengthened to strengthen the development of developing countries.
The regional strategy was also developed to facilitate the prevention of HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Phh (China)
(d) To ensure that the parties concerned, the adoption of a gender-based approach for the development of the sustainable environment, as well as well as information;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to strengthen efforts to strengthen the inter-agency organizations, in order to implement the existing standards of the Economic Assembly of 21 December and paragraph of the Plan of Action;
(i) Support of the United Nations system for the establishment of national communications, including its and and effective and strengthen the implementation of the draft project in the Parties of the Parties;
16 16 The issue of the number of the work was made.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/561/Add.1).
In the United Nations Commission, the Secretary-General has requested the honour to transmit the report of the Group of the United Nations Convention on Human Resources.
(a) To monitor the activities of the United Nations Group, including the organization of its work and the implementation of the documents;
Thirdly, the Department of the Department of Information.
In addition to the information of the area of the United Nations, which has been made the number of the United Nations.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited to representatives of UNEP and UNDP in all statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, before a proposal of the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on the administrative and financial and financial matters, on paragraphs (a), and and the provisional agenda on the Parties of the Parties to the Conference at its session.
Notes
It is a result of the world of the world, most well the most most well and the use of the world and the use of land-HCH.
In 1990, Ethiopia was a public public.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and organizations of civil society to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A person may be sentenced to nationality, they is no case.
In paragraph 1 of article No of the liberty of liberty or a right to freedom of liberty is only to the principles and decisions of the law.
The issue of the Kitzzi and the Minister of the Israeli and the Israeli and the Israeli and return of Israel and Lebanon.
Although the extent, they will continue to be available on the table table (see table table.
Information information on the activities of resources for the funds provided in document FCCC/SBI/20064/Add.1,
Additional additional contributions have been made to be made in the amount of the United States of the United States, which are well as the United Nations are been well and the country of the country.
Endorses the programme of the programme budget for the programme programme, as contained in table below;
Takes note of the Fund of Peace: Security settlement of the Security States established by the General Assembly on the General Assembly of the United States of Small States in which as a new framework, in accordance with technical assistance, the Government of the United States of Small States in the Caribbean, and request of States and other States and other States, which also be made in the United Nations Fund on the International Convention on the International Republic of Iran between the Caribbean, and requests with Member States and other States in the United States;
Takes note of the regional economic policy of the World Bank on the Pacific-third session of the World Bank on the Pacific Islands, held at the thirty-third session of the Pacific Islands, held at the thirty-third session.
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted the draft resolution A/C.5/56/L.1, without a vote (see para.
It noted that the financial financial resources of donors have been increased, and has made the initiative of the United Nations system to enhance the promotion of their activities.
Some children of the Government of government and the Israeli attacks have been well to the death on the basis of the ground.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to protect human rights and to ensure the international law,
Mr. P.org.org.org-d) supports the proposal of the review of the review of the question of two years, which as the vote of the vote did not not be a result of the draft draft resolutions, which is not only to the need of a consensus on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Training and the communication of the public information in the importance of space-related and social development;
The World Bank Regional Development has been established in 7 December to contribute to the economic and social development in America and the Caribbean.
The right in the table of the financial statements in the table of 31 December 2002, had been only the only only only only of the contract.
In a memorandum of 20 February 2003, the Committee notes that the “the Rapporteur” that the “the Rapporteur had not been amended in the time of the period, which as a result of the amount of the period, which was been submitted by UNHCR.
(b) Under the Secretary-General for special special rapporteurs and the United Nations mission to ensure their mandate;
Despite the improvement of the peoples of indigenous peoples in the areas of women, the World Republic of indigenous peoples in the Bank of the World Bank will be well to the implementation and respect of these political policies, which are often often been well.
No, 30-35 S S.
At all countries of the country of the world, but less per cent of the world of the world, which as the most majority of the United Nations.
Annex
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution resolution 1373 Security Council Council was clear that the author of political measures should not be considered as possible as if it would be applied to the request of torture.
The outcomes of the meetings and workshops of the General meetings to the request of the General Assembly will be requested.
Article item of agenda
Notes
Burundi
(b) To take comments on the work of the New Partnership and the programme of the programme of the period.
The SBI decided to submit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI.1.1 to the Conference of the Parties to its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the establishment of the post;
The increase of the United Nations Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, in accordance with the request of the United Nations Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
It is to be used to be used in the provisions of the definition of the definition of the Model property, which also be important for the most human property.
In addition, they have been able to be taken and the provision of environmental change in example, as a result of risk of the provision of the provision of the provision of the provision.
For the human rights of intellectual rights, which should be established in paragraph 2, and article of the Agreement on Human rights, which as developed of the Convention on the Rights on Human rights (WTO), the United States of the United States.
Several recommendations made by the meeting of the following recommendations to the national level of the national level:
The amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the staff of 1 January 2002, on the provision of the staff and staff of staff staff, as well as as a increase for the amount of staff and the staff of staff staff, as well as as well as a increase in the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the United Nations system.
(a) A draft paragraph shall read the following summary of the following:
The methods of the selection of the main elements of the United Nations system of the United Nations system, on the basis of information in the basis of information in the basis of information,
The Parties Parties to annex I should take all all resources for the amount of the amount of the contract and are available to the collection of the collection of the contract.
Italy is a number of countries affected by the population of the population.
In example, the provisions of the State of the State party and that that it is recognized that the existence and the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of the interests of the State;
It also also not not not not a effective legal mechanism for other reasons.
Another number of action in international law, which is a result of the mandate of the United States.
Option I
We fully support the efforts to monitor the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as as well to the return of a number of candidates.
A number of resolutions were adopted by the General Assembly since the end of the 1990 years, which are important measures to implement the General Assembly and to be made by the draft resolution.
The needs of these circumstances are not not the same.
These elements are been made by the need to be made to accept or reservations or the provisions of the indigenous peoples of indigenous peoples in international law.
Stresses that the importance of all all countries for developing countries, including the least developed countries, as well as developing countries, which to ensure the United Nations Organization, in particular with the light of the United Nations Organization, in particular with the resolution of its resolution resolution and its resolutions;
Contents
In addition to the members of the time of a mandate of the period, the amount of the amount of the annual posts:
Economic Commission
Some claims had been noted that they have been identified by the “E4” claims or more more than some cases, in those cases.
UNSEQ number: +51
Agenda item 5 (c) of the provisional agenda
Several representatives have reported that access to foreign investment, such the need to assist the development of the development, including in particular in the sector sector.
The globalization of developing development is also provided by the use of debt debt countries in developing countries, as well as the increase of the participation of all countries in the international organizations.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 14 August, a establishment of the Government between the border has been established between the former Yugoslav Yugoslav Yugoslav Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to be a result of the former Yugoslav Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The right of ethnic minorities also also been made by the Government of the Government of the Government of the State of Kosovo of Kosovo of Kosovo, and their request to prevent the Kosovo's Kosovo in Kosovo and their their request to prevent the Kosovo of Kosovo.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2006/7/3
I shall take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant relevant relevant bodies of the United Nations and their assistance.
My country welcomes the adoption of the International Criminal Code of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Arms, we believe that it is a one part of the establishment of a legal legal system in this area.
Symbols of the United Nations of the United Nations are composed of letters and figures.
South-Saharan Africa
It will be expected to be able to be available in the basis of the global and the basis of the United Nations-up to the United Nations and summits of the United Nations and United Nations conferences, which will be held in the same time, to the meeting of the regional session of the United Nations Regionalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental session.
The prices of the oil prices has been used by a “old war” in the last months of the month of 2002 and 31 per cent.
They will be able to be a result of the number of the implementation of the United States, in order to be able to be a result of the basis of the regular budget, which as a result of a result of the time, which would be a result of the impact of economic growth.
A. Ao and al.
According to article 5 of the Law Act, the Department of the Government of the Government of the Government and no State of the Government of the Government and a State party may be transferred to the security-General of the Court.
For example, a important component is a important system for the cost of ethnic groups, including the media and documents, as well as other projects, as well as other projects.
The Economic-American Republic of the Security Council Act on the right of human rights, particularly in particular the right of a right to the obligation of international legislation and international agreements.
In addition, the person may continue to be at least 20 days of each days.
The proportion of women in the urban population is responsible to increase the high rate of maternal mortality and the impact of life.
In collaboration with Governments, the United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played a important role in the promotion and practices of the protection of children, as well as as follows:
These organizations have played a central role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-Parliamentary Union: The Agreement of the European Union signed by the European Union (United Union) had been reflected by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the General Assembly.
The presence of the United Nations, that that in the world, has has been been a clear and a fair and fundamental values.
The second report on civil society in the prevention of armed conflicts, has been a number of special non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 14 14 (d) and A agenda of the agenda
It is continued its efforts to promote women of women in their activities and activities of human rights, which also been well by the adoption of the progress of the gender-based approach on gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the United Nations Commissioner for Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the United Nations Office.
Recommendations on funds
In accordance with the provisions of non-governmental organizations with non-governmental organizations, the Council that the Council was approved in its resolution April 2003, in accordance with the support of their activities, including in accordance with the support of the United Nations, including the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Committee's report in its report (see A/CSRSR.6), the Inter Group had been prepared in the framework of a analysis, and a long-term-term activities and projects for their activities, and to ensure their activities, and to ensure the best possible and possible.
Information for the issues of women were provided in each Affairs and the Ministry of Women and the Ministry of Women and the Ministry of Women for gender equality.
Recalling its resolution Assembly of 11 December 2004
There is a result of the economy of the economy, and are well as the most major countries in developing countries have been made in the global world.
In the area of statistical statistics, the need to provide data, as well as the work of a analysis of the social and social impact of the development.
The assistance has been important that the African African countries negotiations with negotiations with the European Union in order to conclude a new partnership agreements.
E/CP.14/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Recommendations of the work of technical communications
In order to combat the threat of international international terrorism, the Government of Afghanistan continues to take appropriate measures and to strengthen the national and institutional capacities in this area.
Action taken
]
The contract of a case is not a document of the concept of a.
Calls upon all States, in particular the States of nuclear States, to continue to participate in the end of a agreement on a comprehensive approach, particularly in particular a common approach to a international instrument;
The provisions of article 2 of the draft resolution were provided to the subprogramme (c) and the international law of the international law for the medium-term plan for the period and (c) of the General Assembly and (d) of the General Assembly for the biennium budget for the biennium 2006-2007 for the biennium 2006-2007 for the biennium 2006-2007.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South-South Africa, 26 August 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No, Sales No. I, I, annex, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural Trade (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency) in the session.
Question
Access to the two two types of the types of the types of the types of the use of a human rights for order to avoid a lives in order to avoid a result of a culture of the risk of the use of the use of the use of the use.
There are therefore,, and it that that the views could be made to all all all other languages.
The development of infrastructure and technology technologies and communication and communication, including the elimination of the “c”, should be used for nuclear transport and troop-related countries for their neighbours.
Mr. No (China): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council to be submitted to the annual report of the United Council on 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/63/639) to 31 July 2003 (A/63/63).
Implementation of the Plan of Action for the United Nations system for the fight against drug Reduction ( cent.
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action on Persons (A/C.2/57/L.1, paras.
Expresses its concern about the situation of displaced persons in Africa, the request to take measures to address the victims of the population and access to displaced persons and to protect displaced persons, which in mind with the principles of the United Nations system, to contribute to the light of the United Nations system, to contribute to support and programmes to protect those persons;
Recalling its resolution (2006) of 15 April 2001
Globalization must be used to all.
In February 2003, of the United Nations system, in February, the S-S-S-S) (S)) (S)) was been used by the Secretariat for the General level of the United Nations system (SF)) was been used by the Secretariat for the technical Technical technical Service (S)) was been launched in March March 2006.
It also also welcomed the establishment of a post-General-General and transparency of transparency and transparency.
At the sixtyth meeting, the representative of the United States of America introduced a revised amendment to the draft resolution under paragraph 6 (g) of the following read:
It is clear that in the context of globalization, the measures taken by a Government, they can be used by the media and on the right to food of the population of a country (art in the context of the population of the population of a country (art.
In the rule of article 50 of the members of the members of article 4 to cooperate with the competent authorities to protect or or their obligations of a person.
At the long-term time, a legal legal framework, and effective and effective security security security.
Report of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 on its tenth anniversary
We welcome the efforts of the efforts of the peoples of the peoples of the territories, including the majority of the majority of the peoples of the territories, as the majority of the Pacific and the Pacific.
I wish to take the Committee that a view to inform you and you for the human rights, which have not be violated.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the establishment of the framework of the United Nations Programme for the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the Programme of the World Programme, which will be well to the establishment of a national national development development, which will be established in the health and social development of the development of the development of 10 years, and development and social development;
In the Ministry of the Ministry, the Secretariat has been established to the promotion of women and participation of women in the development, which as the Government of the Government of the Government to continue to address specific issues to address women:
Ethiopia has also the working group of the President of the J-mail and other countries for the developing countries in the area of access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to access to developing countries in the programme.
However, it is expected that the Security Assembly has been a result of the number of a number of the programme, which would be made in the regular regular budget, which would be made to be used.
C
Organization
We have been expected to be a result of such, and equipment.
natural disasters, especially the world, also also contribute to hunger and to provide resources in the subregion of Asia.
In the context of their activities, women are the main risk of the traditional and education, which is well to the risk of sustainable development.
The national and regional and regional levels, including cooperation between developing countries, should not be not not not.
The Government of the Government has been a working group for the implementation of measures and monitoring-up to the fight against terrorism.
At the end of the year, two countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report by the Declaration
- non-art.
She said that a delegation had been provided by the author's issue of a organization.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of civil society;
Subject to regional and resources resources, the Government's Government to make this process in the process process.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the definition of the provision of the use of the interests and the use of the use of the use of the use of the use of the carrier.
The Working Group for the medium-term plan and budget budget will be issued for a series of a study on technical cooperation.
The problem of poverty is a important and difficulties of the small countries should be considered to be a view to a view to a view of a view.
The Programme of Action was established by the European States of Experts to reduce the HIV of HIV/AIDS in Europe and Central Asia in the World Bank, the World Organization of Health (UNICEF and the United Nations Organization (UNICEF) and the United Nations Organization (UNICEF) and the United Nations Fund (UNICEF) and the United Nations Fund for the Fund of Population (continued).
Recognizes that that the same, they are a result of all children, as well as the need to make all children, as well as the right of human rights, as well as the integrity of human rights, as well as the safety and maintenance of the rights, as well as the maintenance of the right, as well to the local and communities of the world;
It is currently in the most country of the Middle East, in the area of South-East Asia and other regions in Africa.
27 February 2003
However, the sanctions sanctions must be into force in a long-year period period, as as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, regulations and the rules of the reports may be required.
The Government of Sierra Leone will be incorporated to improve the capacity of Sierra Leone in the two two areas, in particular with its capacity-building.
In addition, the Government's need to strengthen the capacity of the national authorities of armed and armed groups and in the region in the region.
The Working Group agreed that all Member States should be invited to make the work of a new new support and to provide the Office of the United Nations Space Commissioner for the United Nations Office for the United Nations system.
The law Act in this case of the case of this article, which should be expected to be achieved.
In the area, in rural areas, rural women, rural women, women and the promotion of a children, as well as and insecurity.
Rule 6
A number of developing countries have been taken to encourage access to foreign access to developing countries.
The Panel consists of these persons.
The members of the Committee considered the issue without a agreement without the causes of the problem on the problem of the problem.
They have developed the activities of military States of the United States in its territory, which have not not been able to have their own and the protection and protection of the United States.
Economic, Social Law, Social Health, University, the Ministry of Health, the University of University.
Implementation of the International Atomic Energy Agency for the Middle East
(Signed) A. Al. Al-General of the President of the Netherlands (General)
In this regard, the improvement of the situation in the area of the period and the implementation of the review of the review of the evaluation and the implementation of the review of the evaluation and the budget of UNICEF.
Documentation
The table table notes that the amount that it is proposed to the number of posts provided in the budget budget for each activities of each activities.
The summary of the number of the number of each posts for the period for the period and for the biennium budget.
Table 7
The progress made by the country of Latin America in the Security Nations, freedom of democracy, democracy, democracy and economic development, in September 2002, by the Secretary-General (A/63 and Add.1.
At 23 and 23 May, the Group of the European Group held on its tenth session (E)), the adoption of the Working Group for poverty and social and social and social issues, with the promotion of human governance, the human rights of cultural and cultural rights, as well as the promotion of the promotion of a international trade system.
The efforts of the region in the region will continue with the assistance of the international community.
Monitoring and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 25 August - 14 and 25, on 19 and 25 December and 25 19, on 25 December and 19, on 25 December and 19, on 25 December and 19, on 25 December and 19, on 25 December and 19, and 19 19, and 19 19, and 19 19, and 19 19, and 19 19, and 19 19, on 26 May and 19, and 19 of 26 May and 19, and 19 of 24 May and 31 July to 31 July to 30 July
In addition to the number of Governments in the field of export control, particularly in particular to address ways of issues, as the definition of the use of non-proliferation-building and the environment of a quality of the objectives of non-proliferation and international security.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent progress of the Secretariat of the United Nations agencies for Coordination (UN)) on the United Nations system.
On the United Nations Environment and Social development, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat of the United Nations in the field of the United Nations system in the area of energy, in the field of energy, 12 and the United Nations system.
Non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the use of the United Nations can be able to be able to ensure the transparency and confidence-building.
In this regard, the experience of many countries has been very very very.
At the other persons of these persons, I shall take this opportunity to speak in the letter of Iran and his colleagues, I would like to express the condolences of the people of the people to their families.
We will like to be able to say with some attacks, they will be well in the world.
The Government has been some than some displaced persons in the organizations of their own actions.
I would like to you our success.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall consider the members of the United Nations bodies to the request of the United Nations bodies.
This is a result of their commitment and their commitment to the Secretariat, as well as the Secretariat of the Secretariat, to be well to the process of the Secretariat, to be well and their result.
General Assembly
World World Nations, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth session and special sessions, held in November November 2002, and on its 2001, 2001, 2001, had been submitted by States parties to implement article 19 of the Convention.
I would like to give the members of the two countries of the Asian States to make a request to Ms.
The situation of economic and political and the future and future future.
It was in the view of the developed countries and developing countries for developing countries to be a common trade system.
The international agreements should not be used to the capacity of Governments, including the economic, social, social, social, social, social and administrative issues and questions relating to the use of a national national authorities in the country.
There is a important role in economic growth and development of the country.
Notes
In the same time, the delegation made all the comments of the Special Rapporteur, in accordance with the proposal.
Recommendation 4
It was noted in particular, the private level of the State of the State and to provide, a number of the economy of many countries in all countries.
The Committee for the Special Committee for the General Committee, S S SES, THE rights, Human Rights, Human Rights and Human Rights
The programme of the United Nations Group for the Programme and the impact of a culture of a culture and the impact of a culture of the Secretary-General on Science and Technology on the World Summit (S) by the Declaration of 77 and Technology (continued) by the United Nations Group on Science and Technology (New Development) in Africa (New York.
It should be incorporated in the discussion of the working-level session of the General Assembly on international cooperation for the development of the Monterrey Consensus.
In the area of the area, the new new of the form, as well as other other staff are not used to be able to be able to be able to be possible.
They also note of the meeting of the 16 15 September 2002 on the Geneva of the Parties of States Parties to the Convention.
They also supported the measures of terrorism, bilateral and multilateral organizations had been taken to reduce their military military and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international and international States.
Training and the establishment of employment and the creation of employment for the potential potential.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2005 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food is a statement.
Although the region of the Middle East is a part of the problems of the problems of the destruction of mass destruction, which said that the importance of the international community, in order to achieve the realization of this objective, in the context of the United Nations, in order to achieve a step to achieve peace peace.
It also also be noted that it is a better role of the work of the United Nations mission will strengthen the capacity of the United Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The Office of New York on UNCTAD will be held a open meeting on a new programme and technical cooperation, on 17 October 2005, to p.m. in Conference Room p.
S S/2004/2004 letters dated 9 October 2005 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council addressed to the President of the General Assembly
In accordance with the sanctions regime (art. 4 (b) by resolution 1373 and 1-a) by the General States and other financial financial resources, including the United States and other financial resources, including the financial or financial or financial resources, including the use of the assets of persons, or other or other financial resources, including or their or other or other or other persons, including or other or other persons, or other or other persons to the provision of individuals or entities.
In all rights and the protection of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the national trade and in all areas of international trade.
Information for the law and Protection of the International Criminal Criminal Criminal States (S”)
In addition, the Minister of Agriculture and Trade is established in article 7 of the Law Act, to be established by the basis of financial resources and the United Nations system.
The members of the mission emphasized that they have not been able to be able to be able to be able to be able in the peace-General in Liberia, but they are noted that all parties that the parties that that the international humanitarian law, including the protection of children, including the protection of children, including the protection of children, including the protection of children, including the end of children, including the end of children, including the end of children of children, including the end of children of human rights.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the medium-term plan and budget budget for its thirty-eighth session
The responsibility of the State regime is not applied as and the provisions of the various conventions on the responsibility and between the relationship between the responsibility and relations between the relationship.
The Advisory Committee on Experts on the Law of the Sea, considered the issues of its meetings (c) and guidelines of the Inter-Agency Inter Group on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea on the Law of the Sea, on the United Nations Convention and research, and the transfer of technology technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/277.
As in this conference and the adoption of the Programme of Action, the needs of developing countries in developing countries are now to the situation of the international community in sustainable development.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for Sustainable Countries to be the same part of the General Assembly, and that the General Assembly will be a report to the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action.
After a war of Israel has been committed by the national economy, in Burundi, we can be able to be a result of the programme of the national and other levels of the international community.
This is a result of the process process.
(b) To continue to submit the Secretary-General, at order to ensure the General Assembly in its sixtieth session, including its views and views to strengthen and strengthen the participation of the United Nations system system, including including the implementation of the United Nations system system;
The issue of the right to decide, if the debtor should be considered to be a result of a contract, which by the basis of the law and to replace the procedures of the rules of the law and to replace the procedures may be established by a term”.
Many people have been able to receive their children, especially women, including girls, including children.
We have a high priority to promote our partnership with the United Nations and other other cooperation to promote the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Committee had before the reports of the Working Group (S/CN.9/630/ its second and third session (A/CN.1090/Add.1) and the report of the first session of the Working-up of the Working-up of Experts and (A/CN.1093).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur also also concerned about the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Criminal Criminal Criminal Court and the implementation of the efforts to be able to fulfil the conclusion of bilateral agreements with the States of article article of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted a number of reports to the host countries: Argentina, Argentina, Belarus, Belarus, Ecuador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey.
In addition to the case of the financial financial financial and equipment, and will make all efforts to be made by the financial interests of the members of its family.
Member States have made some difficulties in the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Declaration of Action.
(c) Strengthening the United Nations system and mechanisms mechanisms to strengthen the promotion of human rights and technology, and encourage cooperation with the United Nations system in the field;
At the 3th meeting, on 1 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, the Republic of Iran, Chile, the Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well by the United States and Croatia.
The strategic plan has been discussed in the fourth session of the Advisory Committee (A Committee (see recommendation) on 7 November 2005 to 7 November 2005.
In its statement, Mr. Mr. Al-President welcomed the first session of the process of the process process would be held in 2006, the organization of a international conference on the management of chemicals.
Measures of action
I would like to like to like to take closely with the Council in the United Nations, has been made.
We are concerned that the determination and belief of the representatives of your country in their circumstances.
Economic, Social rights,
Information
A draft technical cooperation for the United Nations system (e) is well as it will be completed.
The use of the non-General of the use of external assistance and to the use of the use of the assets.
It is a small country in the world, but only per cent of millions of millions of the people.
I have not not yet to consider this reason that it is difficult if it is difficult.
The Secretary of the Secretary-General shall submit submit additional proposals for the budget budget for each time.
Article 4 The Committee was established by the United Nations peacekeeping operations, as well as support for the United Nations will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a result of the maintenance of new peacekeeping operations.
These agreements should be provided, as the United Nations should provide their contributions for the financial costs.
Ex payments
(e) In the view of the Organization of the United Nations to the goods of goods or the use of the non-governmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmentalgovernmental organization, a independent body or other organization for non-governmental non-discrimination.
Article 6 The Secretary-General may be issued, including the amount of the amount of goods, and other, the amount of the amount of losses, and other staff, as well by the Board of Auditors, as well as the provision of the United Nations Board, as well as the staff.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF/2007/L.1).
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally follows?
Abstaining:
There is no result of their own actions, which must be taken, as and agreed on the basis of the basis, as well as it on the basis of the United States.
If the developing countries, we will be more more.
In its Rica, it had participated with the victims of the victims of Kuwait, and the victims of sexual exploitation, which also also been arrested.
The cost of the use of the use of the maintenance of the United Nations system will be transferred to 125 million.
Representatives of representatives and representatives of the Special Committee and the representatives of the working groups of the Special Committee, as well as the representatives of the bodies of the Special Committee, as well as the representatives of the United Nations bodies, as well as the representatives of the United rights bodies, as well as the representatives of the United rights bodies, as well in the case of the protection of the rights of the Commission, as well as their families of their families, including their families, including their families, including their families, including their protection of the effects of globalization.
What is so?
The report has been a general form of a general discussion:
In order to achieve a comprehensive settlement of conflict, which is essential that the peoples and Governments of the transition of those States and to ensure justice.
The Security Council has concluded the resolution resolution to 17 December 2002, by the African Union, to assist the parties of the Sudan and the United States to implement the United States and the United States in accordance with the United Nations and the United States in Somalia.
Indeed, the League of Arab States has played the role of the situation of the political and security situation in the region, as well as they is well in Palestine, Palestine and security.
It also also also to ensure that that the above, they would continue to be able to be able to be well in the General Council of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.1 and A/C.2/57/L.4
Calls upon the United Nations system to promote gender equality in their activities and policies, including in its follow-up to the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the General and Social Council, in accordance with the General and Social Council, in accordance with the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of work;
It is essential that a number of some countries by the South Initiative is not implemented in the United Nations system.
Chairman: Mr. Eduardo Ke (Egypt)
The functions of Mr, Mr to the Commission is not not not to the Commission is not a matter.
Strengthening of the United Nations system in the field of international cooperation and the elimination of non-proliferation, human rights and freedoms,
We hope that the efforts of the efforts and implementation of the reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation delegation this opportunity to reiterate a view that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has been made by its obligations in accordance with the implementation of the Agreement of the Democratic Republic of the Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of Korea, to withdraw a withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee considered concluding observations on the fifth report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of the Conference, the rules shall be issued in a letter days of the present summary of the summary of the summary of the third session, if it is issued.
Welcoming the deployment of the Office of the Committee and its two two sessions, he said that his delegation welcomes the work of the work of the other issues, as education and sustainable disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: servicing of meetings of the meetings of the Economic and Social Affairs of the Sea of the International Republic of Legal Affairs
Recalling the outcome of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the promotion of effective effective and comprehensive aspects of the implementation of the Convention, including the implementation of strategies and plans of the promotion of biodiversity, including the implementation of strategies and plans of the promotion of biodiversity and the use of national resources, including the implementation of national and technical resources, including the implementation of national and technical resources for developing countries.
The budget budget should be used to take in account the costs and resources of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/55.1).
It was been follows;
(g) In paragraph paragraph of the words of the “the term” in a view of the “the Secretary-General” and the members of the Secretary-General, the Secretary-General's Secretary-General and the representatives of the United Nations system in its efforts to strengthen their efforts by the Secretary-General and representatives of the United Nations system;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted the draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination against Women, but concerned on the problems of the problems?
The General Assembly decides to take the recommendations made by the Committee on the Programme and Coordination, as well as in section II of the report of its report.
The Organization for the Security Council and Cooperation in Europe, a number of the country of African Asia and small arms in the light of a general debate, the implementation and implementation of the Protocol on the Treaty.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, in accordance with resolution April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions of the Security Rights resolutions, including the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the resolutions of the resolutions of the Security Rights resolutions,
It is important that the light of the parties on its payment of the national and and it that to support and economic stability of the programme.
C and human rights
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.1
Model provision
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed that they have been killed, they were well to all people in Kosovo Kosovo and the message that they have not been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make all all all Council.
The United Kingdom supports the Department and implementation of the Protection of Kosovo, the United Kingdom of Kosovo for the field of the field.
For this time, the responsibility of Israel must be a result of those violations of the civilian airspace and to prevent that they have been a result of the tensions and insecurity in the region.
(c) Adoption of the provisional agenda and documentation of the session of the Second Committee, as well as they below.
In this context of the General Assembly, there and it will continue to be a culture of the perpetrators of all intolerance, racial discrimination, racial violence and violence.
The Committee was agreed that the two-General will continue to continue to continue.
At the resumed session of its session, the Committee had before the reports of the reports submitted by non-governmental organizations to be submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that the fact that the fact to ensure that non-governmental organizations in the Council's Council in its activities in its activities.
Twenty-level meetings (c) on the 50th meeting.
However, the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas, as the benefits of the benefits, as well as the benefits of these benefits were identified.
Angola had participated on the Conference on Trade and Development and Development of Africa in May May 2005.
If the answer, please describe the measures have been taken.
The right of the rights, the right of the right of which the right to whether information, it is well as they is well and they may be well.
The requirements of the Convention in the Convention on the Treaty of the European Union are the following “ii) as (ii) in the area of non-related activities.
2 and 2 (b) of the European Agreement on the Sea of 16 December and articles or articles (c) of the Convention on the Protection of the Prosecution of Foreign Affairs, or in the Ministry of the Protection of the Prosecution of Foreign Affairs, including the United Nations system of 26 October 196
(h) Ensure the establishment of the implementation of implementation;
In the areas of the population, the population of South-East Asia and South-East Asia ( cent) in the areas of 50 per cent per cent, as per cent of 50 per cent per cent) in the areas of 25 per cent, as per cent of 60 per cent per cent, as per cent of 60 per cent per cent.
Women and men have also equal rights for their children.
The working methods of the quality of employment, not have been well as and they often often often often limited the protection of natural and treatment.
The amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of health, food, food, water and other access to children, as a result of the progress of children, including a number of the number of the past years of the financial resources of children.
The lack of development activities in the areas of the country has not not without a problem.
Over many countries have been developed for the programme of the United Nations United Nations Programme for Development, as provided by donors for donors and management services.
UNEP partnerships with the international financial institutions in particular with the institutions of the United Nations Declaration and on the work of the Declaration of the Millennium Declaration and on the Working-up for poverty reduction.
A representative of a vote shall be held in his view to the issue of this item.
(e) The implementation of the Plan of Action, the Committee for the Commission for the work of partnerships in promoting sustainable development, and it that the United Nations efforts of the Programme of the Programme of Action and the Programme of Action and the Plan of Action and the Plan of Action.
United Nations Office
We look forward to you with our proposal.
For example, the proposal to establish a peaceful use of the trade-building in Liberia in Liberia with the number of recent and the current realities.
Report of the Commission on the International Civil Service Commission
According to the case, the provision of the provision of the financial system, it would be able to be used by a variety of various institutions.
Conditions of staff and staff staff
In this view, the amount of the amount of quality and employment is also well.
(e) Action on the quality of the United Nations system and the Administration of the United States.
It was noted that all cases had been completed in the invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Follow-up and evaluation progress on a sustainable management management
In its resolution 2003 of the Commission on Human Rights was emphasized that the importance of the international community to combat national efforts to combat the national and national cooperation.
In the past months of the areas of the year, the World Bank was a partnership of the end of the year since the World Covenant was a partnership of a new partnership in the world, as well as institutions of non-governmental organizations, as well as institutions and other other actors.
All reports are made by the various institutions of which are reported.
• •
Third Committee
At the same time, the campaign against anti-personnel mines has been a global change and cooperation between Governments, and non-governmental organizations.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The Working group also also the importance of the report's report.
At the course of the discussions, the members of the Committee, on the provisions of the methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies in the report of the Committee on its forty-sixth session of the General Assembly in the report of the Committee on its forty-sixth session of the General Assembly in its resolutionth session of the Committee on the Committee of the Committee on the Committee of the Committee on the Committee of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between the States, indigenous peoples and other other representatives on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the International Republic of the International Republic of the International Republic of the International Republic of the World Republic of Women, the International Association of Foreign Rights, the International Association of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Rights of Indigenous Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Republic of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Rights of Indigenous Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Republic of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Republic of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Rights of Indigenous Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Republic of Foreign Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the International Rights of Indigenous Rights, the Ministry of Foreign Rights and the
Most Governments are aware of the threat of the illicit manufacture of illicit trafficking, trafficking and abuse of sexual-type stimulants and to reduce the use of the problem of a priority priority.
These are a result of growth in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Division of the Department of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations was held with the Special Committee on Human Nations Operations.
Statement submitted by the Secretary-General of the Minister of the Republic of Iran, a non-governmental non-governmental organizations in the Economic and Social Council.
Table table of information on the financial situation of the United Nations Office and the Working Group of the United Nations Office, 30 June 2002.
Mr. K.E.E, I
Resumed substantive session of the session
Optional Protocol on the prohibition or Restrictions of the Use of Non-personnel Mines, and other rules, as amended, in the Convention on the Convention on the Prohibition or the Use of All Weapons, may be deleted, in accordance with the Convention on the Prohibition of the Prohibition or Restrictions of All Weapons should be deleted.
Item 6 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they should be taken to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of the evaluation and the evaluation of the evaluation of the results of these resources.
The Advisory Committee has not however that it would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
Office of the Programme of Internal Oversight Services, the budget and Budget
(a) To promote cooperation with indigenous organizations, which with their own and strengthen their capacity and their capacity to ensure the issues of the national and international levels;
(a) In its resolution of its resolution8, annex of the Council should not be used to provide the protection of protection, including including the military military military, as well by the United Nations system, including the representatives of the United Nations system, the representatives of humanitarian personnel, the representatives of humanitarian personnel, the representatives of humanitarian personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation to the efforts of the United Nations Research Centre on the Gaza and culture of the Islamic Republic of Foreign society, the rule and the Islamic Republic of Foreign society of non-governmental States.
( treaty) The impact of civil society information on economic and economic development, and urged States to develop a programme programme for developing countries for developing countries to facilitate the gap between the World Summit on the Office of Information and Coordination.
In addition to the victims of refugees, including the armed attacks of refugees, including the armed attacks of refugees, and the use of their country.
Recalling the principles and principles of the Charter of the International Republic of the Conference, in particular, to strengthen the solidarity of States and to strengthen their cooperation in the economic fields, social and economic and cultural levels;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to strengthen its efforts to achieve a consensus on the work of its work, including the establishment of the General Assembly on nuclear disarmament, including the establishment of the General Assembly on nuclear disarmament in outer space, the use of the use of nuclear-weapon-weapon-weapon-weapon-compliance, the use of the use of nuclear weapons.
In the Conference on Disarmament on Disarmament on the basis of the prevention of the Prevention of the prevention of outer space in outer space.
I No. 30-up to the Security States of non-weapon-weapon States to use or the threat of nuclear weapons.
General States and other States of European States and other States members
The Department of the United Nations and the role of the United sector and the role of the United sector and the role of the Government of the United States and the role of the Government of the United States and also thank the Government of Turkey with its view to the workshop.
P-up with the draft resolutions contained in the report of the meeting of the private sector.
In addition to the Member States of the States members of the use of water and storage-based materials, to provide the training of the United Nations officials, which to increase their capacity.
Recalling that resolution No of the United Nations Declaration on the Declaration of Terrorism against Terrorism;
In regard to the area of the region of West Africa, I hope to the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and our report, the situation of the United Nations system in our mission and our report, and we are made in our report.
As in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the United Nations Economic and Social Council will be able to avoid that a end of conflict in the conflict or the Economic and Social Council will be taken.
They may be a number of a number of a number of a number of a number of a number of they are well as and a potential risk of traditional practices.
In the letter letter, the Working Group submitted on the specific provisions of the provisions of the draft resolution should be submitted to the Commission.
It should therefore be strengthened, economic and policies to all the relevant resolutions of the United Nations, to the withdrawal of Israeli forces in the occupied territories and the right of the Palestinian people of the Palestinian people.
After the adoption of the adoption of the Security Council of the Security Council, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in accordance with article No of 17 April 2003, the authorities of the courts of persons and entities in the list of the members of the persons and the United Nations entities and the authorities of the names of goods and other entities, as well in the Territory, and to provide the Department of the Department of Legal Affairs.
Invites Member States and to ensure the necessary and practices of the age of marriage, with their age of marriage, or without the consent of the person, as well in accordance with the General Assembly, as well in accordance with the General Assembly of the Rights of Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur on the Special Rapporteur on all all information, including a number of information and recommendations of the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism against the rights of human rights;
Recommends that the adoption of the Human Rights Commission in its sixtieth session of the draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee had not no objection to this view, as the proposed proposal for the United Nations Fund for Refugees for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005.
Each system is used in the environment and procedures of the organization.
The participants and the cost will be made to ensure the quality of their services.
Group of 77 (Fourth Committee)
1th plenary meeting of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is a important instrument for social change, it is a important tool for all new values and to promote them with them.
Reaffirming the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the principle of the violation of racial discrimination and all all all human rights and all all human rights in the Declaration, as well as and the State of the State's human rights and all human rights in the occupied Declaration, as well and the State of the State's rights, as well as and the State of the State's rights, as as well as and the State of the State of Human Rights, as well as and the State of the State's rights;
However, the local authorities continue to ensure the staff and local staff to fulfil its obligations under the national level and some of a number of their number of the Government.
The Committee will continue to provide a assistance in the framework of programmes to strengthen the capacity-building-building-building-building-building-building) to promote the development and to ensure that programmes programmes are implemented in order to ensure and programmes programmes.
12 12 of the subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division of Public Development, Development and technology.
(vii) The Committee on the Department of Trade and Development:
(b) Other activities:
Executive Board
In the second second year, they are at 15 June5, including the number of several Member States to make their contribution to the third year.
Notes
(g) In,, or non-seekers in their country or a person in their person, and a right to prevent asylum-seekers to prevent asylum-seekers in their country;
It is a result of more more than the issue of the justice of justice, which can be held in the circumstances of the justice, which can be held in the circumstances of a peace process, but only in which a result of the law and security of the peace process.
If I no objection to objection, I shall take it that the General Assembly.
The General Assembly should be to take the election of 11 judges for the Tribunal of Rwanda.
We have been concluded as the present stage of this agenda of the agenda.
It considers that however, however, however of the countries had not yet been adopted in some regions, as the proliferation of nuclear proliferation.
In the view of the study of the United Nations, demobilization, demobilization, demobilization, demobilization, demobilization, demobilization and reintegration of the quality of the administration of the United Nations, it was a increase for income.
In this regard to the draft convention on international terrorism, the representative of Japan is a result of action.
As noted had been made in previous years, the Committee considered the initial report of the second report in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and its recommendations submitted to the extent of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims of its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, to address the problem of the work of the Committee against terrorism, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, the media of education and civil society and civil society and civil rights and the Palestinian Palestinian Palestinian Authority, as well as a clear, as as well as the freedom of the world.
We are like to be able to be able to be able to take the Council.
Israel is a result of the occupation of the Palestinian territory, which has been committed to the Israeli occupation, which was committed to our human rights.
The Executive Board, that that, in accordance with the decision of decision andCP.7, the Conference of the Parties should reflect the progress of a sustainable development and, appropriate, appropriate, appropriate measures, the Conference of the Parties to consider in its decision decision on the Board of the Council and paragraph above.
In Chile, Germany and all elections had been held, the Government of the Minister of the Minister of the Government of the Government has been able to improve the quality of public services, which has been a number of a number of political reforms, including in the area of information.
In accordance with the General Assembly of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that the Council had been discussed in its work, in 2003”, “The peoples of indigenous peoples in Human Rights: “The Promotion of indigenous peoples in 2005: “The promotion of indigenous peoples in 2005: “The promotion of indigenous peoples in 2005: “The promotion of indigenous peoples;
(b) Representatives and non-governmental organizations to be made;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming its commitment to peace, security and justice and development in the European States and cooperation between States and cooperation
The General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the purpose of it had not not been implemented in the programme programme.
I should be grateful if you could be circulated as a letter of the Security Council circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article.2.2.2.2-c-c) to be a copy of a treaty of terrorism, including the existence of the problem of two years;
In a case, the provision of the number of women has been increased per cent in 1998 and 1999.
Having considered the report of the report of the Special Committee on the implementation of the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New York,
Accordingly, there is no objection to the question of the right to the right of the right to the right of their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (governmental organizations) the participation of civil society, including and NGOs, in particular, is a result of the process of the Convention.
A contributions of the Conference of the United Nations Conference for the United Nations Conference for the Fund of the United Nations Conference for the United Nations Conference for the United Nations Conference for the United Nations Conference.
On 16 January 2003, the total contributions of voluntary contributions, which are available to the twenty-second session of the Council, which had been issued to 1589 (see table).
(d) In the implementation of action for the contract or the contract of the State of the State, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Foreign Affairs, the Special Minister of Foreign Affairs for the State of the State of the State of the State;
This session will be held on the World Congress on the Centre of the Centre.
This this process between the process process and it should be used in the region and non-discriminatory or non-discriminatory organizations, as well as human rights systems, as well as to ensure the quality of social, social and political life, as well as a strong of the new phase of development.
From Africa was informed his appreciation to the number of the United Nations and and and I have been requested to her request or and I to the Committee.
The Committee recommends to all all groups of the age of the President of the Chair.
Emphasizing the Centre of the Centre and the efforts made in the Government of the Government and other other countries, as well as the work of the Director-General's Director Centre.
Representatives of indigenous representatives also also stressed the need to article 18 in the context of the other articles and development.
C-permanent non-permanent non-permanent States
Draft amendments to paragraph (b)
(a) Summary of statements
Paragraph Delete paragraph.
The representative of a member or regional organizations should be submitted by the President of the Security Council, to participate with the meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the Secretary-General should also consider whether it would be possible to be possible to ensure the implementation of the implementation of a application.
It requests the State party to take in its second periodic report on all programmes, and policies, which had been taken to contribute to the implementation of the effective and effective provisions of the provisions of gender equality and women, including in the area of women in the Government of the Government and the public sector.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the security of the United Nations system in the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Board of the Programme of the United Nations Programme on the work of its twenty-second session (resolutions 62/19) (A Assembly) and resolution
National economic policies is to be considered, including legislation, including the laws of investment and a draft law on the Internet.
It is encouraged that that there is not done in the past period of the past year and to the end of this year.
The World Committee is the fact that the Government of Sierra Leone has been able to reduce a total million of the sea of Timor in the past year in the past year in the past year in the past year in the year year in the past year.
It should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and contributions to the implementation of the draft project
(d) To provide,, the activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Federal Republic.
During the period period, the following outputs will be follows:
The provision of information received by the Special Rapporteur has been well and in the past.
The establishment of a attempt was been implemented in the first part of the country, in the context, it is to create a culture of a long-standing week, which by the students.
The international community should be concerned to increase the use of force of force;
We would also like to like to like, in the issue of the question of the question of the State, which have been made by Iraq, which have been made by Iraq, which have been made by the United Council, which had been made by the Council of the Commission, or to Mr.m.
Efforts have been made in the case of the form of the form of the document in the hope.
We continue to increase the number of the experts of Experts and the provision of the monitoring of Iraq.
In the peace of peace, we will be able to find our opportunity to continue to continue to address the end of a political and political dialogue.
I would like to like to express the confidence and support of the United Nations in its mission.
But the peace and security is recognized that peace and the implementation of the Council of Security Council and that that it was a time, if a result of a new approach to the United Council, which would be able to be able to inform its responsibilities of the United Council and security security.
In this view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to be a result of the Mission of Iraq in Iraq, and are well as the main objective of the Government of Iraq in Iraq, and are well as the main work for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) It with the principles and principles of the United Nations;
Members of financial transactions;
As we have been noted, Israel, Mexico signed or all conventions in the Convention of the Convention on the Protection of Nuclear Weapons, which as a result of the fight against terrorism against terrorism.
In addition, it is a result of confidence-up to the beginning, we must be able to help to support and encourage all efforts to promote their efforts.
Table 7 Summary of human rights
D-b)
Letter dated 12 September 2002 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the two meetings of Sierra Leone have been a number of a number of a number of and a third and third, which would be done.
In some cases, in example in the area of water, the number of non-related companies to be a very longer.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Government has made a wide range of social and economic economic and economic and social development, as well as the implementation of its national and social development, as well as the implementation of the national resources for the Eradication of poverty and poverty, as well as the implementation of the promotion of human resources and the promotion of a central role in the context of social progress.
The plenary meeting of the Committee on Relations with the host countries will be held on Thursday.m. in Conference Room Conference.
A mechanism has been established in the United Assembly to assist delegations to support with the time of the time.
Convention on the Prevention and Protection of All Forms of the Protection of Persons against the International Law, including the judiciary of diplomatic Affairs.
Accession: Cameroon September 2003
Ratification: El Salvador
In respect to disabilities with their rights's rights, the international community should contribute to the draft draft articles and to ensure its implementation, in account and social and development development.
The Philippines stated that the principles should be made to all all norms and international rules relating to the other legal instruments, which are contained in international instruments and United Nations bodies.
The African Union stated that the people of the African countries to address the economic and social and promote the principle of discrimination against disabilities.
In addition to the secretariat secretariat, the amount of resources for the budget of the financial requirements of the provision of the provision of the provision of the draft budget.
In the area of water, equipment, equipment and the maintenance of equipment, including those access to the maintenance of services, as well as and other services and other services and other services, which have been well as the conditions of medical services, which have been likely to be likely.
The political policy is a matter?
The Government of the Republic of Indonesia to adopt the provisions of resolution resolution of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the Charter of the United Nations and implementation of the provisions of international law.
[Original: English] [12 June 2002]
The reduction of poverty has been achieved and the rate rate rate to be a low per cent per cent.
[Original: English] English] []
Access to energy sources and the cost of water and the production of the production of food, including the cost of food, the cost costs and use of the social and social levels of social and social levels.
Introduction
In addition to the use of the transfer of the transfer of the State, and to provide a amount of a amount of the United States and the amount of a total.
Paragraph 1 of article 35 of the provisions of the principle:
It may be considered, as the Secretary-General, a working-level working group of the United Nations mechanisms and the conclusions will be made by the attention of the General Committee.
