It is therefore concerned that the laws that aim to combat terrorism are responsible to ensure the United Nations peacekeeping agencies and to the intelligence services of the special powers of monitoring and investigation, and to refer to justice.
Ms. Chzzznas (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur's future programme of work and that it intends to include missions.
First, it must increase the representative of the Government, particularly in the institutions of security institutions, and to strengthen efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All the Afghan factions — including war and the Taliban — are benefiting from the illicit traffic in narcotic drugs.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, and that there is critical issues that it is urgent to address.
The Committee requests the State party to provide a wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including the State of State and members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
If additional funds have been available for the purposes of programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget is expected to increase, as suggested that the highest day.
Adoption of the report on verification
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the budget budget budget, a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website of the website, to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Structure
A new guidance guide analysis in 2003.
Data data (see the replies to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appears to show that the impact had been reduced to the access of women for unemployment.
In this context, the need to focus on the needs of the least developed countries because the participation of those countries in global trade is still marginalized and, as far as a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is our Governments.
It is now in Iraq, in Iraq, a priority of priority.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is a effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
There is a need to be released.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The revised legislative reforms, among others, require technical assistance, including the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security in ports in ports and training of staff, particularly in the area of detection of travel documents.
Noting that Governments of certain Territories have sought to meet the financial control standards more required,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex of its decision 1999/114 which contains the guidelines on the implementation of the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The assessment of the education of girls in the Horn of Africa and Africa has been able to find the causes of the problem, which has already been identified, the extent of domestic tasks and the financial destruction of girls to the family are the main social factors of girls to the family, the main social factors to prevent women's education, as well as the lack of textbooks for boys.
Mr. Cowin (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will be held at the time that we are able to address the Secretary-General's appeal to discuss the future future role.
In my view, it seems to think that there is still a number of acts of acts to allow for future generations of future generations.
In this period of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year, for services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPIN No. 23/2001 (SAMURA)
The initial judgement was sent to the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently concluded this judgement.
The Government claims that those persons have been arrested for a demonstration with the forces of the opposition forces to reverse the legal government.
Mr. Yawowi bbbooo, lawyer, former parliamentary, President of the Committee on Action for the renewal of the Plan (ECA), a political Party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a six months and detained in the prison prison in Lomé, despite the use of appeal.
The Working Group, with view, requests the Government of the Government to adopt necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be held in response to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate ways and timely deadlines to carry out their deliberations of decolonization.
The settlement of this issue will be only of the way to strengthen confidence.
These major initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples of the peoples under colonial domination in order to create the necessary safeguards in a dynamic economy.
Only the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and maintains the legal and political authority and legitimacy of the international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges of peace and security.
At the time, the United Nations must not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend and provide greater support to the Iraqi people.
UNDP is currently currently a focal point for HIV/AIDS to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate the work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its previous statute, the organization, on the proposal of its joint coordinator and consultation with the Executive Board, has taken an exclusion of a complaint of Ms. Elitaita, regardless of its status in the organization, which had been the work of the Commission's Commission on Human Rights and that it is responsible for respect to the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, in terms of article 3, its activities by the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the International Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If there was some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the common right, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, as part of the insolvency law.
Following a discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received a support of support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also part of numerous international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money Laundering related to the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Persons, and the Inter-American Inter-American Convention on International Criminal Assistance.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a school system of the system was that it had become necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of international public service.
(c) The issue of information is or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-standard rights;
In a case as in the other, the position of the market of the market cannot be considered automatically.
However, the portfolio of commercial activities of the United Nations includes the highest value of a added value of the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1/L/Rev.2/Rev.2 Protocol 12 February 1980.
In 2002, counsel reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, including the staff's staff.
As a part of the documentation of the Group, these three documents will be available to the session, but they will be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as well as all other documents requested by the Group.
C. Future sessions 45 45
The three options are not mutually beneficial.
However, when the Republic of Haiti, the Republic of Haiti is able to take action.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its part of the most visible, the electronic format of the symbols in the author.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2th plenary meeting on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also is the principle of the principle of the case by the Rome Statute on the basis that the Court of the Court or the Council — is entitled to review in the first case of individual criminal cases to conduct or the staff of a non-State State in the Rome Statute on acts or omissions of a non-State State in the Rome Statute on acts or omissions of the United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General follow to the adoption of resolution 14 (2002).
The International Criminal Court, as well as the International Criminal Court, on 90 States, has become a reality, taking into account the election of the election, in which the year, of its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Declaration of Chemical Desoret has been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have to be directed to combat and deploy weapons.
The first consignee of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia has been identified.
According to the British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin has been introduced in Somalia by vessels from the South Asian and West Asia.
Singapore
The political unrest that have characterized its first year in the power to have completely devastated the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish a effective protection system to ensure that the United Nations staff and associated personnel are able to carry out their missions in security.
Although it had started its work, less than two years ago, it has already received tangible results.
The Friends of the hurricanes that the subsidies for fisheries should undermine the environment and the exhaustion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has also been used for the development of a common language for the United Nations on conflict prevention, through interaction and experiences.
The consultant was also responsible to propose other methods of financing for future costs under the post-service insurance insurance.
The procurement services between UNDP and other donors have been implemented by the Office of Support Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7 Distribution of the expenditure of the subprogramme for the operational period for the period ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve in the field and housing offices.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of 16 accused for male husband was women.
The Church is probably the most powerful institution in the civil society.
In practice, the police has identified a police officer as a result of a victim of violence in home or sexual abuse.
The financial Centre of the Territory is headed by a Legal Officer and staff provided another legal opinion.
The pregnancy of teenage pregnancies are still a major focus in the rural areas and has generally been concerted to marriage to marriage the same time as possible to fear the situation of the situation that it would only be a punishment of the family involved in the part of the village of the village.
Non-governmental organization
No efforts must be made to re-establish without delay that the process will ensure that it is more than more than 30 years and still on biological weapons.
The legislation is of great importance to Armenia, because it creates a appropriate legal basis for a future of the United Nations control system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particular issue for our time and is essential in the building of a world guaranteeing the development of nations in peaceful harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission of the Mission to join a solution to a solution to practical issues relating to the commencement of new new border crossings in the Kosovo and Montenegro border border.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the policy of the rules of the statute.
I join the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information that he made.
India will be necessary to provide further information on its observations and will be invited to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Committee
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee will re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Para (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhdidi (Cuba) and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
It is particularly concerned to continue to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure the presence of the Internet, including the “Question of Palestine” in the field of the United Nations to the United Nations in the area of “Peace and Security””, and to strengthen its collection of the documents available as new and former.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
48th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before their intention to give the floor, I would like to make a few remarks at the time that Japan took the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Committee had to develop the item at its next meeting, in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know on the vision of France for the future of special measures.
It covers the past period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also the final assessment of the mandate of ISAF III prior to the command of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is based in principle of a single State appears, it is unfair to address it.
Mr. Rayvv (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the delegations of the United Kingdom and British Kingdom for their very comprehensive outcome on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and mitigation of drought effects through sustainable development policies constitute a major challenge to the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has completed the introduction of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved by the Secretariat to the United Nations Office at Vienna to provide support to the efforts of the Secretariat to the United Nations Office at Vienna to provide support to the efforts of the United Nations Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of the reform of human resources management.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy to combat drug control based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Security Plan of the border between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of this region is to consider all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia claims to implement all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, requests that it is the main requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without preconditions of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the implementation of immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Working Group on Information and Communications Technologies, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the autonomous authorities in Kosovo is crucial to break the power of this crime and is in the way of concrete results that we wish to take their ability to exercise their ability to exercise their responsibilities.
If the situation is to return to peace, UNRWA must address the requirements of a conflict situation in a phase phase of recovery and development, and called on the end of a special fund of the United Nations as a result of the United Nations Development Programme for the Implementation of the Peace Peace Agreement.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 expenditure for the maintenance of premises, due to non-off costs for 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali of the health policy and standards of services for the host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoiding duplication of activity and conflict.
Preventing prevention and control
1.14 During the rate of the use of computers and the detection of the Office's work.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To the word “technical technology” after the word “I”” to the first version and insert the word “and” after the word “b””, for the text as follows: “Other and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are duly duly reflected in the values of the public service, particularly in the direction of conduct, management of resources, management of resources, transparency, accountability, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 13902);
Any action initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us have been, and we are now able to put to Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past, and in conjunction with all neighbouring countries in the subregion.
It would be able to lead to accountability that can improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The export Authority is invited, prior to a certificate, to demand the exporter that it is a statement that the rough diamonds exported are not diamonds of blood diamonds.
Further progress is made:
(c) To examine how the recommendation of the Board of Auditors for the United Nations that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs of the United Nations system at the headquarters of the Tribunal in the headquarters of the Tribunal to be followed, in particular the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the communication of the present evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the collection of weapons of weapons had reported delays and the operation of weapons of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual arrangements and real aspects, in this regard, was fundamental and not ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva, from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the opinion of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial, financial and cultural education, including vocational training and measures for the families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the Convention and the parents (including particular initiatives to address persons who are illiterate or not benefited from school education, civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including the sub-esteem of the region;
(d) The difficulties that continue to raise awareness of parents for their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the treatment of the child and other circumstances in its placement.
It was therefore what the approach should be adopted to strengthen and improve the conditions of human rights and its control on persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter of the decision as “the illegal, unfair and irresponsible””, and reject the demarcation process.
C. Inter-up of the session of the United Nations
Figure 10.
The United Nations reform as such as this is not our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), where the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of assistance to the most widely requested.
I hope that you will have the support of the aide-memoire, as a tool for the evolution of the priorities in the protection of protection and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in protection of protection is a result of the resolutions and the relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to refer to the very important statement of Security Council resolution 1502 (2003) by Mexico and adopted by the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian population must not be taken hostage by the factions of war to deny their access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund on their compatibility with the relevant rules of the United Nations, and subsequently submitted by the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision in the fourth session of the World Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council of the Human Property Council Council, through the Council of the Human Property Principles, the links between the Agreement on the aspects of intellectual property rights, which affect trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures in respect of impunity and accountability and promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council stressed many occasions on the importance of the importance of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Dialdoo (Colombia), Mr. Vachdo (Colombia), Mr. V.org (United Republic of Iran), Mr. Machin (United Kingdom of Iran), Mr. Machin (United Kingdom of Iran), Mr. Sachin (United Kingdom of Iran), Mr. Machin (United Kingdom of Iran), Mr. Machin (United Kingdom of Iran), Mr. Sachin (United Kingdom) and Mr. Vhirov (Belarus) took the seats reserved for the part of the Council Chamber.
I would like to emphasize the first points on the situation of drug trafficking in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing contribution of the United Kingdom to serve as the fight against drugs.
States cannot act in isolation in the problem.
(d) Effective management systems and internal control systems;
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the procedures of extradition and streamlining the requirements of evidence relating to the offences which apply to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of the criminal offences, where they are or where they are outside other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article has not been intended to demand the continuation of minor offences.
The State party should consider the possibility of obtaining a final judgement in the case where it cannot be obtained by the author of the offence of the offence may be prosecuted for death, hundreds or injury or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Oversight Office adopted a draft guideline with the support of the Office of the Financing of Programme, which was subject to the systematic review of the monitoring mechanisms of country offices on the appeals of funds, the management of other contributions to the resources and the preparation of reports to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre comprises three five training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, and private companies, as well as private companies, as well as private and private companies, as well as private companies, as well as private companies.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes of the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods that will be used for the destruction of the destruction, location of all of the destruction of destruction and norms in respect of security and environmental protection.”
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament Disarmament.un.org/M.com.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Creedom of external debt and development” (item 9 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
In September 2000, at least 127 Palestinians have seen their homes in the Israeli military forces, which had invaded cities with the Israeli military forces with the support of tanks, troops and helicopters and destroyed the houses of explosives as well as their inhabitants.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in this effort.
On this issue, I cannot take place in the details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting I thank Ambassador Muñoz, President of the Committee of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), his report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council and on the threat of the threat of Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain on the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- administrative and financial implications of proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries reported examples of other of the official statistics of official statistics, which includes and publish statistics in their own area.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2001
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements to the Review Conference of the 1995 Review Conference and 2000 and requests the speedy and complete implementation of 13 measures to be agreed in the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations have often used radio and television to inform civilians from the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of hostilities, when the civilian casualties are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chair
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Democratic Republic of the Lao People's Democratic Republic has informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the review of human rights issues, as reaffirmed by the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The alarming incident of Karayin, 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will meet the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the situation of the emergency, resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of a conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more detail.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the time that he was granted, the President shall immediately withdraw the right.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for the regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to States parties concerned and to the parties concerned, in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested entities.
States parties shall be submitted by the Secretary-General, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures that have taken to implement their commitments under the present Convention, in a period of one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, will conduct the visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Makasa region were carried out during three consecutive years:
On 12 October, soldiers have entered force in the home's home in Mambasa.
All persons who were interviewed confirmed that there had been many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects from the law.
Natural security crisis
Once the appointment prepared, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions regulations under the Act on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific and the Pacific-Pacific organizations, and supported by two words (a.g. New Zealand and China), prepare the model provisions.
Review of the review of the reclassification for the benefit of States
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Of the 42.8 million million to finance costs of the year ended 30 June 2002, only 32.4 million, or 66 per cent of total, had been disbursed to the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office to establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of candidates received by the Galaxy system, and to ensure that the necessary resources are available for the training of the services of the United Nations system, and to ensure that the necessary resources are available for training, the organization of training and the management of knowledge and knowledge, in the context of a new mobility policy.
The Advisory Committee recommended further to the Board of Auditors to provide a assessment of the capacity and professional skills of OIOS to ensure internal audit services of the administration and investment of the Fund, as well as the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pensions, and to report on its evaluation at its next report on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a computer system
Financial institutions are required to notify any suspicious transaction transaction and to monitor closely.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who or facilitates the entry on the national territory of a individual who is known, or there is good reasons for the fact that there is a foreign immigrants or the intention to request asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women's participation in previous tables.
- The creation of formal committees in the institutions to assess the situation of women and to report.
13.3 The Government is determined to provide a pension pension regime as possible as possible as possible as possible as possible, as well as the fact that the persons who have any professional activity to assume their family responsibilities can be disadvantaged in the context of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Law 1996 on Violence in the Family) which, inter alia, in the case of arbitration proceedings and judgements of protection, and provides a large number of powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next review of the Charter will also be particularly in light of the possibility of refusal to be formally brought to information services.
Emphasizing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, non-militaryism, aggression, occupation, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment of human rights and women's rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women's rights in relation to law law on the right of persons to movement and to choose their residence and home.
Workshops
The Working Group could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the legislation on procurement in electronic commerce.
- Requests information under article 44, paragraph (1) of the Act on bank institutions in the report with the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions to United States institutions (A.g.chchenen_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited growth growth in the region, the uncertainty that they had established in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was to be declining in a number of minor cases.
Such plans include improved improvements, the establishment of early warning systems and communications-seekers between areas and communities in disaster and the authorities.
UNESCO, IMF and several agencies to the latter would encourage the conservation of biological diversity in the context of which remote sensing and IMIS will have a broad place.
The various issues have been discussed and draft resolutions were presented and discussed by 11th meeting to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/57/PV.11 to 15.15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the fact that the Representative of the Secretary-General continues to call on the Guiding Principles on Displacement of persons in their own country in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and the other concerned actors, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL has focused on preparing its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of two judges shall be provided in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Section 1
Elections will be held, including presidential elections, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief of Yayakak and the Horn of Lubangang v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is governed in a part of the codes of civil and Criminal Procedure codes in the United Nations system.
It published and disseminated in all countries of the document containing the procedure to monitor and the need for registration of births and marriages in order to bring awareness of public awareness and its active cooperation.
The Government's response to recommendation 462, in its development plans, the Government followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, acting through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolution of the nature of requests for assistance, as well as the increasing need of certain types of technical assistance to support and strengthen capacity-building, in particular the capacity of the national institutions, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvv asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and it is at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide more important support in the national reconciliation process, restoring social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/255, which also stressed that globalization does not take due consideration of the human rights, the interdependence of the savings that would not reflect the right to employment.
His country continues to continue to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/5.
At the date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 439 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration set out in paragraph 1 of article 14 of this instrument.
Consideration of the reports of the Committee
However, the periodic report, particularly the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts, which are traditionally concentrated on ethnic minority and tribal minorities.
They said that there had been a violation of Denmark in paragraph 1 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in the support of this claim, as a decision of the High Court of the region, on 5 February 1999, a incident of racial discrimination does not constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person to the meaning of article 26 of the Act on Civil Liability.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the President, acting with the consent of the Council, a invitation under rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Council to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report is submitted to the future in the context of the proposed budget budget.
A description of the general and summary of the activities will be given in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of the GHG effects and the type of technical assistance (for example, power, construction, production).
Environmental change, economic and social impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would be able to address this problem.
The provision of developing countries to develop implementation, as appropriate financial resources and additional, transfer of technologies for development and capacity-building.
The participants at the Third World Development Forum, held in Japan, had developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects in the world and to create a network of web sites to accelerate the activities of water.
(For the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditure costs.
24.6 During the amount of the amount of the total amount of the establishment of two posts (Other level (Other level) and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003; (b) the costs of the use of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) for the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) costs of other items for the functioning of the Office of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in the coordination of assistance in conflict situations and changes to conflict, among others, including the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): 458,000
Subprogramme 1
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections are held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post's stay, which is not subject to any candidate.
(ii) One representative of Asian States;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the United Nations Fish Stocks Agreement, which should take into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in the areas of the Agreement, which is taking into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, which is considering the existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, and that a variety of assistance in the context of the Agreement, which provides various forms of assistance (resolution 56/16).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2 and, under agenda item entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Report of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years on its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of all the question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Global Global Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made in the efforts of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict, and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict and to submit the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict to submit information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the Secretary-General and the relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the only States of Member States, no reform should be able to address this issue, as those who are in position to decide on the work that we are committed to the work that we are all.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Conference's conferences on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, had led to great hope in the international community, including the developing countries to see the emergence of a stable economic, just and harmonious environment.
This purpose cannot be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach, and the development of coherent strategies that would allow to release the world of nuclear weapons.
The Association of Sport Studies in the various types of national sports, support for schools, sections, sections and cities for children and young people and equipment.
The programme of awareness of Latin America and the Caribbean, which responded to the needs of poor communities in particular, continued to focus on the development of innovative tools and education and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the secretariat of the Strategy as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that restrict access to markets, including increases and inflation for the price of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to serve for the Committee during a period of three years, from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of the following countries: Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan, the Netherlands and Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which, in your country, to control the transfer of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified:
It is also necessary that the Council would strengthen the political framework of the peace process, as a result, the momentum of the peace process that has improved progress, as I have been able to be released, but we need to be released on them.
We believe that this is important for everyone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a ad hoc Consultative Group on Guinea-Bissau within the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
The Council will recall the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, held in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has a view to Iraq's burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors that Iraq has attempted to be able to find that Iraq has attempted to be able to break since long time.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that there are no link with the mandate of the inspection teams or the weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in the country's counterparts could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society had inherited, represents another other.
The majority of the non-memoire continue to be in the area of urban health, with the potential of productive production.
At the same time, our bilateral relations to all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support to this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided into two sections - the United Nations projects and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations and Governments; the provision of projects and the needs for funding;
(e) On 1.17 the term “State party” means a person that the carrier who shall comply with the carrier or the control of the goods, regardless of the fact that it is concerned or indirectly, regardless of whether it is party or indirectly, regardless of whether it is party or indirectly, regardless of whether it is party to the contract of carriage, is identified or detained under the contract for legal responsibility.
The definitions of definitions was amended in accordance with this suggestion.
The Working Group may wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1, bis, which would read as follows: “F bis bis.
On another other hand, it is interesting to note that, although there is a lack of criticism, the measure is implemented by one third of the Member States, including some countries in high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of the disease.
Most of the police systems of the police system in accordance with the implementation of the Agreement of the Schengen Agreement are as a basis of national data available by the Internet and are fully operational, in the post-up phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces in the same time.
Haiti has been one of the first countries to sign a loan agreement with the Global Fund.
The National Board of AIDS has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
As most of the countries of the region, Zimbabwe depends on the support of donor donors for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has fallen since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic had enacted a law which defines the responsibility of the State of Chile on HIV-AIDS prevention and is the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited, during the past few years, the development of cooperation with UNIDO in the areas as combating pollution by mercury, agro-industries, agro-industry and industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The implementation of the projects under this general framework seeks to make an effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 44796 are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the programme of programme, the Secretariat of the Assembly Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure a person to the court or a court under their jurisdiction of the right to present in his trial and to defend him or to defend a defender of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to adopt more policies to address social, economic and cultural problems that must be addressed.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in one of its priorities and collaborates with various bodies and agencies in the field.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard, and calls on the implementation, in this regard, procedures relating to the basic standards of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said his disappointment at the results of the recent ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Ankara, and regrets the absence of the agreement on the removal of customs tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had reportedly created 500 billion from the United States dollars for the rich and poor countries and contributed to the reduction of poverty in a total of 144 million from 2015.
If nothing has been made to address, the injustice of economic globalization will lead to the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease of the world.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede their development, as in urban areas and in the streets, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic causes of the sea of the Sea is a example of the problems facing the sea.
Mr. Benen (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Declaration and the Programme of Action of Durban States is a milestone in the path of eliminating racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, which are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a equitable and rational means of what it can be reasonable for a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should change the instrument as a proposal in paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They are often involved on the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence costs for the activities of the United Nations
(fancellation)
Rule 6.18.18 During the course of a capita by by sea
(iv) In the event of education is too high to the fact that it can be able to make a daily day, the region where the staff is located and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, it is not in the area of school, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same level of the amount of the amount of the amount of compensation in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States could support such the proposal of the United Nations peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial Regulations and the rules of financial management in force and to reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to thank the Secretariat that it has made to be able to recruit local Service posts in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, as well as in 66 projects, in 35 countries.
1 The Caribbean region and northern North Atlantic:
(d) It is important to include the implementation of the projects, the results of which they had been given, etc.) and disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be transferred to the amounts to be apportioned between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as a result of 205,11 million:
During the period under review, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these problems is the case of all and looked forward to a more active commitment of the international community.
The expansion of the work programme is difficult to work on the coordination of UNCITRAL, inter alia, the various various organizations of various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, the settlement of disputes, insolvency, transport, transport, security, security and private infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuing work on two projects of anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed rapidly.
The roster of the roster shall include:
Follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be in a atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison institutions and to avoid such violence between Serbs that the use of violence against prisoners by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljjo de laovic was made in the port in Killaova, to say to his Roma Roma's Roma.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation for victims of a act in the meaning of this provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that there is no details of the complainant's claim in the complainant's claim.
He claims that his claims to his country would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has maintained, as it is concerned in accordance with paragraph 5 of article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same question was not discussed and not in consideration of another international body of investigation or settlement.
2.2 As his arrest, the Spanish authorities called on the first time of extradition but it was subsequently withdrawn by a error on the person.
(b) The ballot statement should be an essential element of the scope of the communication of the communication;
5.4 According to the requirements that support the alleged allegations of Mr. Azanidia had made its statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the ECT Convention on the period specified in which the following ballot papers have taken place and that:
The high-up of the complainant is the source of the mother's mother of Ablahlah Öan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party introduced its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
According to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Agency of Justice had accepted a de facto de facto elements of torture.
No further details is subject to these problems.
The number of countries responded: 65.
In the meantime, it would be unlikely to have to be able to be able to be able to be able to find the problem of contradictions and inconsistencies with various international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The establishment of the peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia may be said that this change change.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is closely closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and standards and standards.
The first work of research have already been achieved and led to specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role of political policies and political parties, and must play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2000/L.11/Add.4
The relevance to which a activity is consistent with the national objectives or is part of these objectives.
This will therefore be able to help that the objectives are achieved, but also they will be more than it is not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint venture by the South-South Association (SSP), controlled by Kakak, and the Canadian Canadian Society, with a view to the construction of a day in the province of the North in the North in the north of Northern Konia.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand had dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Commission on Political and Decolonization (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that the representative of Papua New Guinea, including that he could be achieved on the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be achieved.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take four weeks, from the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, the production of Iraq has been in large parts destroyed or damaged by the air bombing in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, the Committee provided a detailed analytical discussion of the project, which was issued as a document of work of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/D1”/TLB/4).
The cost estimates for civilian staff for the 2005/06 period, which covers six international staff, 288 staff in the country and 88 United Nations Volunteers, in the amount of 286,44,900, is a decrease of $4,936,300, (gross per cent) compared to the amount of the 2002/03 biennium.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the most important countries to which it, or are working on diamond diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process in the Kimberley Process,
Report on the financial performance of 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In addition, the new proposals, although the new proposals, as well as a result of the process, seem not only in the practice of the coordination process, but it would not be able to change the process of the process, but they would not be able to change the process of the process, but it would not be able to move from the process of the process, but they would not be able to change the process of the process, but also in the light of a new level of work, increased by the country's ability and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, through its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, through the holding of conferences and seminars, including the books and seminars of the United Nations system, by the United Nations system, and with a view to making a zero-tolerance effort.
Table 1 provides to compare the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 of the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/23 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report has been used, in a pilot basis, to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A post, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,092,300 (before recosting) is estimated to $800 dollars for the maintenance of the appropriation for the maintenance of the appropriation for the biennium 2004-2005.
Chapter 26
In the future, it should be explained that, in the course of the programme of programme, it is available to provide additional guidance for the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market should be brought to the prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law of the Firearms of Firearms and explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Space
The Committee also notes with appreciation the written replies submitted by the State party at its list of items to address (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(d) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Fundamental Principles of the Reduction of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
At the two sessions, there was additional information on the seminars of UNCITRAL UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author argues that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the date of his arrest and other occasions before his arrest and other occasions before his trial had been ill-treatment and in the circumstances of inhuman conditions in which it is detained.
3.1 The author argues that the persistence of the authorities, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/197 is an discriminatory, discriminatory and void right to the right of the author to enjoy all forms of its heritage and property, including its right to return and compensation.
3.62 The author argues that there had been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, of article 14, paragraph 1, and 3 of the same article, which have to deny a accused of the guarantees of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 To the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the case of the State party that claimed, in a first time, that the dispute of the author is not subject to the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, in accordance with the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a measure could be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are contradictory.
The rationale of the Committee in this decision was drawn from a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read jointly with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author of the author also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under paragraph 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author argues that his rights had been violated because he was arrested and charged without any evidence of its participation in criminal activity and that it has been established by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence of the evidence that it considered that it considered a error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in the case of the application of the Constitutional Tribunal to the Constitutional Tribunal and the criminal procedure, the author argues that, in the two cases, it was impossible that, in the two cases, it was impossible that, in the two cases, it was impossible that the military regime of a dual-law regime in order to commit prosecutions against the perpetrators of political opponents in the period frames.
In view of the State party's claim, it has not included any relevant information on this claim, and has not provided any relevant information on the basis that they are taking into account of prison sentences, it is necessary to provide credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not demonstrated that the author's work has been a interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive duration of the period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining, in the case of review, the length of the backlog of the author and his trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, is the date of the murder and the date of the trial.
It is not obliged to use only the only documents that have before the case of the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The State party also considers that the State party has not been entitled to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the payment of ex-combatants and claimed that no of the two bodies responsible to review its request has made doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is the victim and its family are victims of a violation of article 7 because they have always always been the person in question.
Witnesses
The Committee notes that the judges of the Prosecutor would be able to take the right of the concept of the text as they had before it a complaint stating that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this deadline will not begin from the notification of the judgement, but on the basis of the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the return of prisoners in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court opened its consideration of this request.
The authors of the author's decision in the extent that it includes a assessment of the facts of the cause, which has led to its argument that the Commissioner had taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister for the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Committee's decisions and to reintegrate the police.
The authors have before the justice in the case of Nicaragua, Aor of 1997 and Korojjjjjjjj and the requests for expropriation by the authors in the past two cases, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner have been controlled by the District District Court, which was considered by the District District Court in the case of the case of the case of the Supreme Court in the case of Topa, that paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Law on Fisheries Management was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (the employment of employment) by the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, which was observed that the prohibitions of the meaning of the “indigenous” is compatible with the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression for the right to freedom of expression.
It shall be appointed to the judge that he intends to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be able to apply in the case of this case.
3.3 The author alleges that the use of domestic remedies and that the case was not subject to another international legal body or settlement.
In addition, the Board of the State stresses that a dual-weapon-free measure may be exercised by the permanent power and the Supreme Court of Justice, and then before the Council of the State to appeal and that these bodies can provide education measures.
In accordance with the Minister of Home Affairs of 16 March 2001, were recognized on 13 months of the author's military service under the same level of the first part of the United Nations High Commissioner's Fund's main division.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to the expenses of the State.
Canada, chapter XII, Annual report A/48/14, vol.II.
6 See case Cabraer de Corado and Santaana, Inter-American Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights Item 1995 of 8 December 1995 (Report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights*
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in favour of C. Austria (art. 41/199), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If some of these posts are actively engaged on new appointments, the Government of the Government must be phased.
The security is therefore important, as the security of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, has been made in progress in the areas of the rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women still always always.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of the Economic and Social Council, dated 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Populations, to provide the necessary information in the United Nations system on Indigenous Populations, to provide the necessary information in the United Nations system on Indigenous Populations, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, the necessary information required to the review of the Committee on Indigenous Populations in paragraph 8 of resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The analysis of the proposed analysis provides to determine that may be taken to be held at the round table and what are expected to include the agenda.”
(b) Report of the workshop on the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to ensure that two basic conditions are being met, the existence of a post vacancy in which any State of Azerbaijani nationals have trained professional training or expertise and the inability to obtain access to the services of the service of local service for the basis of the criteria set out by the employer.
At the time of time, the time of stay and break will not be seen as a day.
In 1997, changes and additions have been made to the Act 1992 on Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which is now the law on the Prevention of Child and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article provides that children who can be integrated in pre-school schools in the form of their physical or mental treatment were welcomed in preschool schools.
The results of the eight parliamentary elections have been sent to WIPO for the purpose of which they are able to participate in the international cooperation of students in licence and by 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is said that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must play a key role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could create a new crisis in security between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on various options for possible options once it has completed a compulsory school.
The implementation of a gender-based study programme for Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for gender equality for the University of Women for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations system standards.
(b. Ghana, E. Arriririo (MT, International Herald Tribun, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to consider the agenda of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children had not been aware of the identity of their natural parents, even as a majority, as well as it is that it is in their interest.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of a number of strategies and programmes, including the decision No. 3472 on the domestic level of national activities in the area of protection of children and children; the National Health Programme for Children and the Family; the National Health Programme for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and Family;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission for employment and the Convention of ILO (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition of the Worst Forms of Child Labour and the Special Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Labour and Immediate action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Child, which is ratified by the State party:
(a) To launch information campaigns to all levels and regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes against Roma in all society, and in particular by the authorities as the police and professionals that provide services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore important that States parties have to submit their reports and in the time frame.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of acts of racist acts and data collection;
(d) Ensure that the Ministry of the Family provides adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, the need to consider the objectives and policies of development in a perspective of human rights” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical and technical development, as well as by the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law, with regard to the private sector workers and public enterprises, as a result, without authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered as a result of the payment of wages, regardless of the wage system.
Information on the current standard of population
They are considered in the situation of women, although it has no total of their income in the satisfaction of their food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units has reached a total of 15,873,843, to a average annual average of 1074.
In the percentage of the population and the housing of housing, these figures accounted for the year of 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of housing.
Administration of the State
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers felt that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, however, there is still difficulties and judicial procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Investment Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No.
However, it is important that the situation of violent crimes perpetrated against women are a way for a clear manner and in respect of the life of the victim.
The findings of these important events remain valid and their implementation must be a urgent need.
Japan hoped that all States will make their possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete measures at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons in the period of the second biennial session of 2005.
Multilateral and multilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If any three options could be made by the majority of the votes, it will be expected to be eliminated and a new referendum will be held for that voters to find a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, including decisions will be adopted and without, which is responsible to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
K., A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Review of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
b.
In the final communiqué, the participants at the tenth Conference of the Conference, held the last month in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for achieving their implementation.
It is important to join the three main foundations of this goal as they are our determination to keep this theme on the long term.
However, after the statement of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption of the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since nearly 10 years, the blockade of the Republic of Azerbaijan of the Russian Federation of Nakhchivan, which has also been suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations have adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “unulture for children”, which includes a Declaration and a Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
It has been able to reduce costs through energy efficiency measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003.
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will serve as the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looked forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (C/CN.9/WG.V/WP.6/Add.2 and A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.6/Add.2; the second part of the Guide on the Law of the Model Law of the Model Law, as well as in the context of the “e) of the Model Law on the Law of the Model Law, as well as in the context of the “e) of the Model Law on the Law of the Model Law, as well as the means of a authority of the Guide on the Law of the Model Law, as well as in the case of the UNCITRAL Model Guide on the Law of the Model Law, as well as in the case of the UNCITRAL Model Guide on the Law of the Model Law, as well as the means of a authority, judicial, judicial or other functions, to control or monitor insolvency proceedings, as well as the means of authority to control or monitor insolvency proceedings;
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which includes national legislation enforcement measures.
Annex
Accordingly, no person has a position of a measure of this nature may not obtain visas to the contact of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, Albania, Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider and, if appropriate, review of immigration policies in order to eliminate all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, including the support of non-governmental organizations and civil society, as well as the importance of an effective effort to establish effective measures to create the conditions of harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent, and that it is essential to ensure persons with disabilities with full enjoyment of these rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to restore the areas that had been fully implemented in Palestinian territory, the terms of agreements, but it appears that it had now decided to take the control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Executive Board of UN-Habitat endorsed the establishment of the National Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a programme of $5, million for a initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a system-based system of preferences, which was held in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has been successfully successful in a innovative approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The disciplines and international commitments are essential to the establishment of a international economic regime based on rules - starting to start in areas, by the past of the only jurisdiction of national Governments.
The provision of special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances among developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of the Government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Board of Experts on the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping and abuse, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims of the complainant.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work after 50 minutes, the group is returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at <http://www.un.int/wmark/documents.
We have not always yet, in the present time, the replies of which we need to be critical to the production of weapons and biological and biological weapons of Iraq, on which it remains to be able to work and its programmes.
The population of the population and its distribution of distribution have influenced emissions from transport and settlements.
Some provided a net increase of emissions from the sector in spite of measures, adopted and envisaged.
(c) As the need for a number of delegations, the need for the need to develop asylum or refuge to persons suspected of their violence in a enforced disappearance, with a view to returning such persons to a State where they can be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could be required, in their deliberations, intergovernmental intergovernmental bodies on substantive issues and consider the role of the Secretariat, as well as the activities of the Secretariat.
(f) The submission and timetable of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is particularly timely to speak on non-permanent members of the Security Council, with permanent members to recognize the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore begin to review the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of the legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of cooperation and international coordination in this end, my delegation, without the attention of this effort, would like to stress the attention of this effort, would like to stress the attention of this effort, and also mentioned in the report, especially in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities that have been able to have a strong link of the groups of ethnic and national origin of ethnic and national origin.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations and the funds and programmes of the United Nations system for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management Management is a key mission to guide the activities of the United Nations system for administrative matters and management of the system, and to promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on issues for the Council's Board of Directors.
In this regard, this is the following: I will be expected to have new contributions in the light of new contributions, as the previous speakers have already mentioned, and will require substantial funding, including coordination and cooperation of other countries with the country.
Mr. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, in Ambassador Nimimura and Mr. Braun, who have made the presentations that have been addressed to the two issues on Afghanistan, although more than more than those issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the managers's focal points and suggested to discuss various solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) The need to be made at Headquarters and in missions, as well as in missions, are sufficient to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (FOM)
Note XI (b) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMOM)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations for education, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the standard of information, including the implementation of the electronic law of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations for education, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, where appropriate, with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be very important, and open for all Afghans wishing to participate in good faith in the political life, and they are not left on the situation, as more than, in addition, to join the people of those who have been actively engaged in the peace process.
I would now like to give a clearer description of the situation in providing the most recent information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the presentation of December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is one and indivisible must benefit.
It could be able to be done if it would be able to make a release of the olds and to renounce the nuclear doctrine.
In the light of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the largest support of States parties as well as States parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this perspective, a ministerial meeting of the Russian Federation, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is a other delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibitions imposed by producers and the Jewish tribes in consumer countries, in the extent that those were incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several major companies in the trade of trade in the area of environmental management systems designed to ensure that groundwater can be used without a danger to the environment and society.
It is determined in the management of concessions, the value of forests and the treatment of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the improvement of data collection systems and dissemination of information on production, consumption, trade and commodity prices, in order to promote the transparency of markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former rights, mainly on treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by a more fair and equitable approach to the interests of indigenous populations.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than the women's women in order to work because the right of girls remain at the highest time, while boys will then be held at the same time.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same way for the non-standard institutions; witnesses can be found that a couple live in the same school in the same two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/52)
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDOF) to use the expertise and experience gained in the preparation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in the context of the various relevant reports.
Item 8 Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD has collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparation of the Conference in the Conference of the High-level Conference in the Meeting of the High-level Conference of the World Trade Conference in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Conference of Cancún.
The activities of technical cooperation and capacity-building to assist countries in developing countries to participate in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment is continuing in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of the WTO, UNEP and the regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the University of Government of the University of the University of the University of the University of Elilla in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachach, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which had submitted the work of the Commission on Climate Development Index.
We also recognize that globalization, and in the light of the increase in international trade, a hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in taking the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the social activities of the Supreme Council of Women in a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including the care of the mother and the child, and is consolidated for gender equality among men and women in a society that took place of gender equality and the rights of family rights.
Developing countries face today's challenges in development, which can be found by concerted international efforts and support for the effective political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific legal justice issues:
The United Nations should therefore continue to contribute to the process of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to apply with the best coherence of the principles that it.
Recent developments in the global balance of the forces and the global objectives are produced since the establishment of the United Nations, which has 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe, the European Union will continue to support its efforts in the efforts of the Secretary-General in order to achieve a comprehensive solution, a just, viable and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
Each committee shall elect its President of its members.
The persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for arrest or detention of their right to be held by a lawyer.
His latest publication was also the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (g) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as other human rights instruments,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials or staff of a troop-contributing State is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and the force of the United Nations Stabilization force in Liberia or to the United Nations Stabilization force in Liberia or to the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or to the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or to be accompanied by a formal exemption of the contingent-police system;
Also requests the working group to study information and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, which had been sponsors of Mr. Chenmanq, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Al-up, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Salama, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Association for justice and Peace
The Office of Outer Civil Affairs and the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be able to associate a country in order to ensure a exchange of information on the needs of users and that it is very important to integrate GNSS and its disposal in the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not provide the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and to combat diseases.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity provides a synthesis document, which contribute to the members of the Partnership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21 (f), provides “any person or detained to be formally issued and submitted to the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “or no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Implementation of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is a area that could be able to benefit on education programmes and awareness-raising programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to provide accounts was relatively effectively implemented but that it is mainly vulnerable to the concerned concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvopenke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee had the intention to review this initiative, as the issue of debt sustainability, at its meeting of autumn.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and publication
For example, we are in a phase of a road map of our own political tools to the selection criteria.
The staff who are under recruitment will require training in the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives a overview on the implementation of the Council, during the past year, in its responsibilities, namely and international security.
(e) To assist to maximize the relevance of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations in the context of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) enrichment of the knowledge of knowledge, knowledge, knowledge and tools of the Government and the United Nations system, in order to ensure the implementation of the agreements that should be followed by the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment, and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of the sustainable environment of narcotic drugs in the areas of narcotic drugs, the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation of drugs; the development of the treatment and rehabilitation of drugs; training and capacity-building; and the determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of information technologies and communication technologies, including facilitating the adaptation of the local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of results indicators, it is expected that the number of members and members of the United Nations Development Programme and other initiatives that have received support from ESCAP and the new initiatives that have been taken to improve the development of poverty and technology technologies, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, including information technology and technology technologies for the protection of environmental and sustainable resources for natural resources.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by providing more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and emergency emergencies, including technical accidents; and more effective information in the countries of disasters; a high level of increasing cooperation in the field of disaster management, a increase of cooperation on the ground and at the level of the region; and a large response of donors to intergovernmental appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation of the effects of El Niño phenomenon
Programme of the Least Developed Countries
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oldidi (Mexico) said that in three years of the exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Victims of Fogti has the foundation for a full period of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner in which it should be done to establish a culture of tolerance and respect for other and non-discrimination.
New laws are required, but the challenge of the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their concrete implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New and Restored Democracies has focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility could be prevented from the same time when water is contaminated, land, land and supply sources.
This type of services should be developed and to formulate a social and social contract.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the International Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Kley (Australia) said that there is a year ago, 88 Australians had found the death and 20 years were injured in the wake of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where the organizations can be established, the relevant decisions should be binding and the creation of the new institution are based on the responsibilities of the organization that has established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Third Committee matters)
BFF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the United Nations system in Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity-building capacity for the other.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that can be able to ensure or carry out the assets of the encumbered assets, such as the equipment of equipment, are held on those who are entitled to a security right, which are usually liable to security rights in the same property of other receivables.
C. Accounting and other non-repetition
It should be further possible that the requirements of the United Nations system and UNDP should be expanded as a result of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed projects related to the interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under item 14 (e) of the agenda, the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/317.
It is still a growing increase since the proportion of 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, it has been attended a new distribution of production, namely, the manufacture of the roads and clothing to the use of electronics, engineering and health products.
It is proposed that family care for families in the problem is in line with drug abuse or interest.
It is a important initiative that has been intended to remove the removal of illegal vessels in the Aram, the operation carried out jointly with the land Department.
The land are returned to the owners or their husband, as if they had never been granted by the State of the State had never been held, for the basis that the owners used the ground in the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unfair to host and the amendments in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the basis of the rental of housing for housing and the Ordinance of 191 to the release of the rental of the housing of housing and the Ordinance of 191 to the release of the rental of the goods of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease of the lease of the goods of the Housing and Housing Act, which is not applicable to the lease of the lease of the goods of the Housing and Housing Act.
The programme includes several integrated programmes, including the following services in the design (to-the basis of false-to-case-basedographic-based treatment, counselling, genetic counselling, training, medical care, medical care, health care, education, education, health care and the development of the child.
The municipal municipal councils and travel centres, while non-governmental organizations are particularly concerned to organize the provision of special services to the disadvantaged groups of the community as well as with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own buildings and equipment, but is also responsible to maintain its institutions and to provide the expansion of the potential.
The candidates for academic studies have been carried out in the process of the sub-balaa, which provides access to the university and to meet the specific conditions of admission to some studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, as well as development planning, economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health, health, health, health, health, health, health, health and education, among other key elements of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — namely, the Open-ended Working Group on Security Reform of the Council, has not been able to achieve progress since it was established under resolution 48/26 of General Assembly resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate information on the findings that had been adopted by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Relations and Minqq who is subject to 4 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for which it is in harmony with the criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Rights of human rights and disability: the use and potential use of United Nations instruments on human rights in the context of disability” by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Protection of the University of the University of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (Ireland) for the request of the Office of the United Nations Conference on Human Rights and Protection of the University of the United Nations System on Human Rights in the context of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations system on human rights in this context.
Measures by States 9 - 22 22
In this regard, the Office of the High Commissioner supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft provision.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or amendments, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reserve, may be formulated in any time.
It was also requested to be given to unilateral acts of unilateral acts, as well as extended to certain types of behaviour of States that would produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that the message of the Secretary-General's message by the Security Council and provide the responses.
The inspections may continue unabated without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I think that the announcement made by President Bush on Friday, the Quartet would have the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a Prime Minister and with the necessary powers would be confirmed, it is a important measure that we must be achieved.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has ceased to devote special attention to the issue of discrimination based on sex.
The requests for approval are registered in a registry (A).
The ratification process of the Convention is in way.
In the accomplishment of expected accomplishment (a), replace the social issues of “the social development agenda”.
Malawi would like to be grateful to all States that are taking up to the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it would strengthen its jurisdiction and its independence, which is necessary to be vigilant and to collect the commitment of the Court of the Court, especially the judges of the Court, especially the judges of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be at the above level.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Dutch Government notes that the courts of the Netherlands does not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal law.
The agenda was adopted.
The members also have before it document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
The United Nations has been prepared by the United Nations and national organizations of the interest of interest for sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, the main responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided the work of the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the mechanism of reporting reports for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention on Evaluation, the Global Assessment of the Global Assessment should include a assessment of biological diversity at the level of ecosystems, species and attitudes.
Special Group on Economic Policy
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the primary managers for information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of property and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the results of private companies and social cohesion are disturbing.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution (A/C.3/58 andL.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, it should also be introduced to develop policy reforms and strengthen capacity-building in developing countries.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations country Team, as well as the ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had created FDI flows and that the repatriation of profits and capital.
We are re-up that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions that are facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of the Prime Minister Sharon in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians wishing to put a final end to occupation, with certainty that they have a viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, contained in articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide intensive training for teachers, Professional administrators and managers at the provinces.
The group referred to various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there had been several activities, formal and non-governmental organizations to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Information on Public Information (President): Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia, Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauau, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code states that “the offence for commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall apply the same penalties that those who have before the effective commission of the act”.
Pursuant to article 14, paragraph amended of the Act No. 54 of 2001, is punishable by forced labour, which is punishable by a person who is, or or indirectly are used, and any other of these materials, and the use of such materials, the chemical, chemical, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological, radiological and degrading acts, as well as any other materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use the end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.6): Strengthening the role of the United Nations for the strengthening of the effectiveness of the principle of periodic elections and and the action for democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee's “E3”” said that Van O O was entitled to compensation for some of its losses of tangible property, but recommended that it does not provide compensation for its own claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to its activities in the field and capacity of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public Government on the risk of weapons of mass destruction in the framework of terrorism, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support to the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that it remains still much to achieve the goals and implementation of the priorities set out therein;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke on other agreements and institutions to improve the protection of marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment, the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea and its Protocol on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea and its Protocol on the Protection of the Environment of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Sea; the Council on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea; the World Bank, and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North-East Sea.
Another proposal, the main agencies that should be involved in the consideration of the issues of women's groups to be set out by the reports of the Secretary-General on the basis and the nature of the inter-agency coordination of the United Nations system on the issues and the nature of the inter-agency coordination of the sea, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be pursued in order to achieve its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, the word “c” to the second line, the word “c”” is to replace the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide additional assistance to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “see the invitation of the Special Committee to assist the Constitutional Convention in Tokelau in September 2003.
At the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development that he had taken a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzakiaki had three main characteristics of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization, which are not limited, they have been used in capitalism and thereby weaken the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of all future production and the issue of existing stocks would have to reduce the negotiations and compromise the non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of the additional members, the General Assembly shall:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing has increased from 12 per cent during the first half of the second intifada, 43.4
PCDH is a agency for implementing the Government of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of their authorities, the refugees of camps have replaced and amended their homes and have added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and it believed that the perspective of equality must be integrated in the strategies and policies of development at all levels, including the United Nations.
There are two female leaders in a total of 141.
With regard to the World Health Organization, it has four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary education of the Constitution of 1991, the problems posed by the Constitution of the Constitution of the Constitution.
The success rate was 71 per cent of total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the attendance, which is the following:
Women dominated the trade sector, where women's women is at 2 to 1, p. 1, the production and industry, and the food industry of the rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used.
(B/DD, 1996 of Al-S'gengen, etc).
The village of village is assisted by the Deputy Minister, and a total of 121,11 PF.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to assure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to create a adequate balance between the legitimate needs of security and the loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Declaration and Programme of Action
Moreover, it would like to know that the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzzz asked whether the Inter-Agency Inter-Agency Commission on Human Rights and Sexual Exploitation, in paragraph 42 of the Fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, are two distinct institutions or to do so, as well as the rights of human rights or health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of United Nations agencies and international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure to be adopted.
The Chairman hoped that each organization represented in the meeting to develop, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources of information, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including, where appropriate, financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, as well as the need for effective measures to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, to reduce poverty and sustainable development, as well as to ensure that national economic and social policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (A/C.3/58/L.27).
The Secretary-General's report on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, table 4.
A woman was appointed to the temporary post-General of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with one 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General's humanitarian missions for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with a decade on 10 January 2003).
There has been severe severe deterioration that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the events that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the countries appeared to be short to the normal level.
It is necessary to ensure, through course of training and support, as well as the standards of the development standards for the development of best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all issues raised by the provisions [for subparagraph (b) above or related to]]
Mr. Necer (Sweden) said itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supports the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/261)
Expressing its grave concern at the continuation of Israeli security activities in violation of international humanitarian law, resolutions of the United Nations on the issue and agreements between the parties, including the construction and extension of the settlements of the sea, including the construction and extension of the settlements of the sea in East Timor-Bounounm and Ras al-Bashir in East Jerusalem and around around the parties,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should be focused on development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening the relevant bodies of the international development system at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries to better address the problems posed by climate change.
To ensure the sustainability of the environment, it will be necessary that global environmental conventions are required.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system as the Sini, it is necessary to take into account the organization of the Secretariat, contained in ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in terms of which (Section (1): “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
At the 5th level, the subprogramme is granted to the representatives and provides access to documents for the participants, as well as documents (CRP), in addition to documents available at the 4.
In considering the websites of the organizations or agencies, the official documents are posted on the Sinor, which was noted that some of them did not indicate that the documents could be consulted through that system.
The initial system responded to the needs for almost 10 years, which is still very much of the speed of technological innovation.
The seizure of these criteria should be carried out in a short-day manner, and is a result of a long-month basis, and a number of months (at three six months) and it represents a high level of work when resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, including 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are often suspected to assist others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while we seek to provide such weapons, or even to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as new and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Yai attended the representatives of 117 States, as well as observers from the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of the United Nations system, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, specialized agencies and other bodies of the United Nations system, specialized agencies of the United Nations Crime Prevention Programme and Criminal Justice and Intergovernmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group on the Prevention and Rules of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC seeks to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely policy policies for gender equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the links between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of the environment on the environment in political policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the Treasury, which had raised issues relating to the oil, the problems encountered in production, as well as the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan refugees and in the same time request to call on all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations in respect of the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to ensure access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific arrangements for the annual payment or for a more long-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country, which is located (the Government of the host country), by any member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with cooperation with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Office of Evaluation would be able to be able to be its efforts and could be avoided.
Types: Global Information
The following year, Nauru was still more than the members of the Group on the list of “ countermeasures”, not the lack of the lack of our laws but because the rules of the parties had changed and that we have not been able to supervise the local banks in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to the use of weapons of mass destruction, it is imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity.
Unfortunately, it would be noted that, for a very small number of Member States, the question does not have a problem of the formulation or terminology, but it would be able to take other factors that, very very honest, we have been able to take fully.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights endorsed the draft programme of action that is contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, including the prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
It is increasingly a number of girls to girls and it is responsible for 12 noon in order to encourage their students not leave school.
There is no data on the rate of illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held on eight occasions, on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Note the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security on the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiations to a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks of terrorist use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate of the mandate that had been provided in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of collaboration with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and groups of civil society and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of implementation.
At this date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been made, many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to follow up all commitments and to develop new commitments for the full realization of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to thank all Member States that have participated in the past few months, and the commitment and dedication have now the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Government for Liberia in Liberia with assistance provided by international organizations of experts in the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of projects of afforestation or reforestation projects under the CDM, which is issued for CERs submitted to ERUs] a operational entity shall be verified and confirmed prior to appropriate assurance of reasonable assurance in the period under paragraphs 1.
The displacement continues to be manufactured in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all services are working together with their resources and their knowledge and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This approach management and use is also essential for the quality of long-scale brigades and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Russian Bank in the use of the p.mopm-mastm-mastes, and provides public materials for road safety.
If those who exploit traffickers are deliberately exposed to the ill-treatment of the ill-treatment in their homes, including the smuggling of funds by the Government of corruption and other responsible officials for the implementation of laws.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the General Assembly's role in international peace and Security and Security Council will be the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew's crew's crew's crew, on behalf of a “in-in”” in Chinese, has been destroyed in outer space and a healthy income, except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the internally displaced persons in Bunia, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and their perpetrators to respond.
Appendix A
In accordance with the second draft resolution, entitled “the legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the International Trade Law Conference, the General Assembly would be grateful to the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on International Trade Law for the development of the development and adoption of legislative provisions, which would allow the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopt relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/518)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, the Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far far.
The court filed the case of imprisonment for six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and a violation of the obligation to take accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1 [1.4] Reservations of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stievava, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Hall Seatatensson, President of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of all workshops and indicated the results expected.
The workshop, which was intended for the staff of Asian countries for the establishment of the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly to States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation then, however, the Government had adopted, on gender equality, a double approach of the time to integrate gender perspectives in its strategies and to develop policies and gender programmes, which provided a more systematic approach to gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention are carried out in the process of parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal practitioners.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Ecuador is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries under the nine posts (1 P-2, 1 P-2, 2 P-2/1 and 5 additional General Service posts, which will be carried out in $269,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective in terms of the time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be incorporated in instructions on the number of programmes for 2004 and will include, as well as it was recommended that the verification report on staff training, direct costs for the design, building and implementation of training activities financed by the administrative budget, and the training projects administered by the Department of Field Services;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 9.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and outcomes of the work taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and action taken by Annex II Parties to implement decision 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, in the limits of its verification mandate, to ensure that the parties carry out their responsibilities on the security of enterprises in the area of the work of the Boundary Commission on the ground, and in particular, in extreme situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are not indicative.
However, eight countries only against the goal of 19 per cent had reached their completion in mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between 0 and 025 hours, a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea in Beirut (on 20 kilometres of the coast), in the vicinity of Jouar and the south of Chakka (see 11 kilometres).
- The same day, at 21 p.m., a Israeli military aircraft fired a flare bomb in the sea.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the rule of six weeks to the publication of documents and all the relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from the publication of documents on a basis or on its web site as well as not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
In all, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
In the near future, it will take into account the opportunity to extend the scope of such prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2006 will be more than the three of 2000-2001 and those additional funds are available for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the priorities of the Plan of Action to 2002-2003, the goal of a rate of 72 per cent of the rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was established.
The objectives were set out in the reduction of unwanted pregnancies in mothers and measures are planned to improve the communication, promote education and provide women-friendly services.
Under the plan of poverty, in December 2000, National National Health Plan, a plan for a exchange for exchange, the Centre is to ensure that health personnel is at the same level, professional and culturally well-being, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Association of all of the United Nations Children's organizations in Scotland is also personally committed to implementing the programme of the Peace Challenge of the Commission for the Advancement of Equality (Commission on Equal Opportunities).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a partnership partnership with advisory agencies, which could involve the equipment of the information centres of the Panel, room rooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently developed, together with two main objectives: a greater increase of women and children and to make awareness-raising and awareness-raising on the selection of such types of offences for security and protection; and reduce social tolerance of such offences as a result of which they are more than they are not released.
In this context, we believe that, as it was said that the last session of the Committee's session of recommendation 661, a emergency plan to accelerate the process of negotiations of the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq's Office of Iraq, in the report of the Council, on 29 September last, as well as not to be done by a agreement, will be resolved fully to ensure that the transfer of the transfer in the best conditions and time frames.
It is very important to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as they have been tried to express Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the fact that the most serious challenges and difficulties needed to overcome and overcome them, as the United Nations Millennium Declaration will take lasting peace and development.
Table 2 Number of donors that announced multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by the region (at 28 February 2003)
In democracy, it is the majority of the majority of the rules that would like to accede to and, during the past few years, the Canadian people, in their majority, demonstrated that they would not benefit from violence, both in real life and the media.
The research process showed that, in relation to offences relating to crimes, it is necessary that the financial reasons, to be able to be able to be able to move up to the prevention and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November the date of the election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted consensus resolution ICC-IDB/2/CRP.7, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally revised (see part IV of the present report).
The draft budget for the Court is based by the first responsibility of the Court, which will lead to a fair trial in a reasonable time.
A second manual is the basis of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the technical support for the use of the system.
The Registry's structure of the Registry, which is based at the same functional approach that used for other programmes, is aimed at ensuring greater efficiency through the establishment of a common services of common services to the level of the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions will require the establishment of three three groups in the Working Group and the Victims of Victims of Women in 2004, namely the sub-group of the participation, sub-group and sub-group of the Fund's benefit.
• Subprogramme 32
Indicators of achievement
• Travel of security officers for the Prosecutor, President, judges and the outgoing travel of the field in high-risk areas: 952 6911
It would also be guided to advise the relevant legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Under-Secretary-General explained that the amount of the contribution was only one of the calculation, if the two other criteria - payment and contributions for thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would appreciate more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is prepared in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not not the amendment to a new reserve, but the formulation of a reservation fully.
The Office has developed a comprehensive and judicial reform document, which has the progress made in the past 10 years, in preparation of the meeting at the mid-term meeting of the donor Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need to use more intensive measures to the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be informed to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups, the new measures have been made by a very very important consensus in the coalition coalition and hoped that regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28-30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are critical to the sustainability of the present human rights and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, and the consent of the traditional community, such as the consent, and to the extent of the consent of traditional knowledge, such as traditional knowledge, such as traditional knowledge, such knowledge, should not become the public community, and the cultural property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure of the intersessional period.
It may also be compounded by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 500,000 to US$ 1,000 million to US$000 to US$000 to US$ 1,000 million.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code regulates the family of family law in its articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of birth and until the death, the enjoyment and enjoyment of all private rights except otherwise.
Studies were also conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures.
In the case of a land-based settlement, the authorization of power may be obtained in the border with the delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no difference between men and women in other premises.
The recognition of the values and potential potential for the assistance of non-governmental organizations can provide the institutions of the Government of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Benin) said that the exclusion of Taiwan's Taiwan of the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed that the inclusion of the establishment of a “or commitment to fulfilling” would not be added.
However, it was expressed concerned about the fact that variant B did not contain specific responsibility for the carrier and that paragraph 1, paragraph 1, said that the carrier was entitled “in his responsibility” without no longer defined responsibility.
The Working Group in its entirety approved the substance on the merits.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour of Africa, Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Lebanon, Sri Lanka, Kenya, Nigeria, Viet Lanka, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, China, China, China, China, China, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other areas of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
That is the Iraqi regime that it has always been able to avoid war.
I would like to stress the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this important issue.
My delegation looked forward to the question by Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be proposed by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that would guide our own decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue the primary responsibility of international peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still many peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law in the right to resist such occupation.
We also take other steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Asian Asian States.
It is said:
• Regular resources for the trust of the resident coordinator will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets for budgets, for financing funds that UNDP is administered by the United Nations system, which would be submitted to the approval of the Executive Board.
It will be forwarded to its partners and practices that have been made to ensure that their policies and programmes have to meet the concerns of women's women, as well as HIV/AIDS and HIV/AIDS, which are in situations of conflict or conflict, which are not excluded from the participation of the decisions in the decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal does not always be able to reduce the recovery rate to take into account the interests of the rate, which is currently estimated on 2 per cent.
The proposed support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to enable a comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the budgetary period, the increase in the amount of the costs used for the approval of the appropriation.
Regional offices
Burkina Faso indicated that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter from 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues of the Council is contained in document S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 28 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.1 of 23 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.1 of 23 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 23 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has resulted in a decline in the proceeds of the State of the State in the reduction of customs and tax law, and it has thus resulted in a reduction of public spending, especially in the social sector.
Some suggestions have been requested for the Joint Commission's Advisory Group on Human Rights (WTO) proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for issues relating to human rights, including the right to development, including the right to development, as well as the WTO and WTO, stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the delegations had requested a strengthening of cooperation, exchanges and regional integration of South-South integration.
One speaker said that the working group was already a follow-up mechanism and that it is still necessary to consider studies and experiences of national experiences and follow-up to the implementation of the outcome of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group considered that States should focus on the elimination of obstacles to barriers to export exports in developing countries and delete some economic sectors that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate work, including through the recommendations, as appropriate.
The group drew questions to the Director of the project on the treatment of water, quantities of oil-borne oil, the quantities of chlorine, as well as water, the number of employees and entities providing chlorine.
It also emphasizes the importance of effective cooperation, responsible and predictable in this area.
Studies studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution, a resolution which would not request Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes on a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Ethiopia, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Ghana, Nepal, Nepal, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation of 84
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
In the number of these instruments, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the atmosphere, outer space and water (Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the activities of States on the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into compliance with 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus adopted by the draft resolution.
Iraq recognized that it had no attention to these changes.
I believe that we are very good, we must accept that the word of innocence is left, no need for them.
The last part of the conclusions.
General implications: it is not possible to achieve development and combating poverty, if gaps in productivity in countries and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, knowledge, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
It is why the strengthening of institutional capacity, capacity-building and promotion of entrepreneurship are also important for the success and impact of the programme of technical cooperation programmes, in this context, it is proposed that the capacity-building of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes, which would allow a new approach, which would allow to make a more targeted and more effective role of the experience and expertise of the staff, which are provided in the framework of eight modules of UNIDO services.
The Treaty of the Non-Proliferation and Social Agreement for the preparation of a commercial, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German Agreement-to-weapon-free preparations on the preparations and organization in all Germany of the first election in the Bundestaga of 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law of the latter, it has a higher authority for the legal law and the obligations of the inhabitants of the Territory, in the extent that they can be interpreted as the general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties included a separate section to the question of the participation of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Sweden, France, Latvia, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland and the general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies in relation to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of cooperation in the environment to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the environmental environment.
It should be necessary where the construction of new facilities of waste facilities, to provide the use of such water.
The quality of waste in the area and, in the area, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As it was agreed in the Oslo Agreement, it should be used to use the installation of the aircraft in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the budget budget
Mr. Briga (Liechtenstein) said that last year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as in introducing multilingualism and education of the languages and cultures of indigenous peoples to promote understanding among cultures.
After having received additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the question in several formal meetings and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In first, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, depending on their own capacity, to fulfil the fundamental role of the organization.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request the rapporteurs and representatives of the Special Rapporteur to take into account the functions they are assigned and to take into account the issues of their competence.
The Committee considers that the Special Committee on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a key element of the future efforts of peace.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of the first conference Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, based on a appropriate basis.
(a) In view of the concern that there were a high proportion of staff members of the General Service in the Professional and higher levels of staff, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, the initiatives of the Secretary-General;
(c) The programme of General Service services are not involved in the functions of the Professional/B and senior categories of all offices, and therefore the need for capacity-building capacity, is based on the local situation and the rule of development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five men, women and children are lost.
It is very doubt that the first time, since the crisis of Cuba, the peoples of the world will take the position of two options around a crisis of this situation, as well as a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, a peaceful settlement, is a war, with a peaceful settlement, with a war, with the serious consequences of a act in Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months on the ground, it is to note that through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have often access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private houses.
The peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not affected by land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They shall not take a disciplinary measure or other measures against workers or other persons who have deposited a complaint or that the society does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was argued that it was necessary to be prepared to amend its positions and to explore any opportunity to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Great Excellency Mr.
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-3), a draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
In Afghanistan, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Korea, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Korea, Pakistan
That Syria calls on or to anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of the wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what reasons for the establishment of a senior senior officials of senior officials is essential for the progress of the important reforms of the United States system to strengthen the international public service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agrees with the recommendation by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum amount of non-post education and the award of education for the country and the related categories of data in the country, and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the recommendation of the reimbursement of the reimbursement and reimbursement of rental costs (paragraph 14 (c).
All parties have attended weekly meetings and responded to the subject of incidents.
The total of bank deposits has increased progressively, with a increase of 6 per cent in the last six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection, a presentation and action.
Mexico believes that a real reform must be made on five basic criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually been expanded to services.
Aims and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and to move against the goal of access to the economic, economic and expeditious levels of insolvency proceedings.
Exceptions to the encumbered assets of the encumbered assets may have to increase the supply of credit, because secured creditors would have the insurance assurance that their real rights would not be injured by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during the period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The possibility of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets would be made to be implemented with the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take into place a difficult decision on that protection.
Pre-selection clauses
For more transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly be clear in the law limits imposed by the representative of the insolvency representative on the types of contract under this section.
However, even if this approach was adopted, the representative of insolvency may open a procedure to recover the assets or their value to the consent when the latter would not be returned.
As a result, however, there is a number of a total of a total, however, a total of a total of the enterprise, and that the continuation of its exploitation in a critical juncture of survival.
The following list does not claim and, in some cases, the functions of the insolvency Act will not be considered in some cases.
In general rule, the committee will be able to speak on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions of the latter, as mentioned above.
When a creditors of creditors is established (and the recruitment of professionals), it may be able to use the obligation required by its members (and professional professionals) that they have signed confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are under general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should be aware of a clear and accurate manner to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes of certain human rights measures, or set out the minimum requirements, for example, that the plan should provide payment of certain claims.
In practice, the deadline may move from 10 days (see chap.
Recommendations relating to the notification of the opening of the commencement of the debtor, which requires the request of the request to be notified and to give the possibility of the possibility of this letter
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Persons of Persons in Tax Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
In this regard, the programme is responsible to provide support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Council of the Chief Executives Board of the United Nations Secretariat.
On 6 December, the Presidency distributed a draft declaration of the President, welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced, in the framework of a open meeting held with the participation of countries to troop-contributing countries in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the six months (S/2002/138).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having made a majority of the majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Colrid (in Kelard (Botswana) and Mr. Manan Nagi Ahounoun (Côte d'Ivoire) and Mr. Manan Nagi Ahounoun (Côte d'Ivoire) for the mandate of a three-year term on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these powers are in good and timely.
The Organization is proud to provide an effective electronic communication services that allow G-77 to meet the growing needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002 organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (about 100 participants);
Investment-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric, and women and young girls of vulnerable groups for sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, ex-combatants were the only people to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations provides a comprehensive training manual for the United Nations peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to be more effective in post-up to reconstruction and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to prevent and compensate them.
Web site Chairman of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
At the 12 years, Saddam Hussein has been subjected to the Security Council resolutions.
We are today in a rapid growth of growth, sustained by a strong research for development and development, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, including the latest latest resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of the sessions of the annual sessions should be translated into a number of 3002,300, based on the cost of the full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include the realization of the right of the right to water without discrimination, and that measures to ensure effective implementation, concrete and targeted measures.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The Web site is based on 2.1 per cent, as well as the contents of the content of a total of 85 per cent, as well as the chemical, non-recurrent components, and whether the chemical storage is equal or more than 30 (J/g;
“For United Nations No. 3175, the test test is not required when the cash is fully credited to a strong message in a sacred message.
P90.3 Add the paragraph after “Eopin-up” at the level of the proposed group.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace “the industrialization of the type of article 1 (b.g. I - “public industrialization of 2 (b.g. B.P.org.
The paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.1 and 6.1.4.4 respectively.
6.2.2.6.3
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kinayea said that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women's victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that it is not in the country, they cannot be subjected to the authors of offences.
In order to commit, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders are seeking to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without the support of the cultural heritage of the Patririnism, we can help that it was used to ensure that the development and stability in other countries and other regions.
There has been a number of years in the past two years, but the remainder remains far below below.
The commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued leadership of Africa, working work in the development of the continent, will help to ensure the full achievement of NEPAD.
This is the first international international instrument which covers trade in commodity products.
• Waste releases of pollutants and chronic malnutrition by sources;
No.
As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, a note has been taken, in the consideration of cooperation activities in 1999 by the Commission on the White Helmets, the implementation of the White Helmets declaration and experience gained in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1 and CRP.6/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.1 have signed A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parents or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff in the discharge of its functions in the discharge of the work of peace, exclusion of those who died from natural causes or a accident, after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of repression and training;
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs is in place until the election of their successors and will be eligible.
(c) The Board should organize research on innovative models in order to demonstrate that it is able to ensure that it is able to be used and could be used in innovative ways, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had been developed to the end of other delegations confirmed the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) all delegations made note of the important elements already made on this subject.
It is the risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the core group of society and the natural environment for the destruction of their well-being and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions, assassinations, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have not access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far far by a world fit for children”.
We look forward to the hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugees, especially minors, and children displaced to their countries, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced persons to armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 4 December 1999, 55/33 C of 20 November 2000 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
The protection of children's protection and sexual exploitation is the main obstacles to girls's education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries of the region were to develop legislation for severe penalties for traffickers recognized guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is now two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium, as well as in section 24, Human Rights, of the proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the costs: 122 military staff of the staff of the Professional staff of the General Service and the General Service, including a overall increase of posts and staff of staff (28 per cent) of the United Nations General Service, including a overall increase of posts and consultants (15,000 per cent of the national staff and staff of staff, including the staff of experts and consultants (100 per cent) of the United Nations Volunteers and consultants (15,000);
Consideration of the work programme: proposed budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, dated 2 June and 24 July 1999, dated 2 June and 9 July 2003, dated 2 June and 9 July 2003 to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations, and S/2003/688, dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“The honour, in my capacity as President of the Group of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Haekkerup (the Security Council, to submit a briefing to the Council under article 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the Council's provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still very high to the Committee and is a artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs reiterated that the conviction without any conviction in his relationship with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against the Palestinians of the innocent Palestinians are the despair.
However, it also took note of the number of views that had been expressed in the Working Group on the form and scope of this instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24 to 7 November the Committee agreed to recommend the secretariat to implement the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in the light of the scope of the study in the light of the scope of the study of the study, which could arise from other other organizations of other organizations that have proposed the provision, and to consider with those organizations of the modalities for the implementation of the necessary study, taking into account the constraints that could be used to the secretariat of the current workload.
The enterprises that have been carried out in the legitimate trade activities should not affect their identity or institution.
(i) To carry out a new reduction of nuclear-weapon-strategic nuclear weapons and a verifiable, verifiable and irreversible action on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the context of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation and Weapons of the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) to make its efforts to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Government of the State of the State states that when they consider the purposes of ratification of the documents to be submitted on the participation of Latvia in the partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the Russian Federation, a part, and the European Communities and their member States, including the process of ratification of the ratification of the United Nations system in accordance with its obligations of human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of studies of studies to develop indicators for the various factors of factors and to be held in the context of the scientific framework.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 had expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Thanks to the simplified system, it is possible that not only only the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Projects were approved for two territories and their implementation would be subject to careful consideration to determine whether they can be applied.
The Supreme Council's Supreme Council, also, on the list of the list referred to in paragraph 5 of article 3, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will perform the functions of the Secretary-General, which will serve as a judge for international education and that it will be alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
Claimant's claim for the period for the period
KAFCO has assessed fuel fuel and A-1 to the cost of replacement in May 1991, based on the average price price.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that had been found in 1994, although the figures of the real production rate is available.
Ms. Pham Th Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution of objectivity and does not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is a mistake on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed the international community to the international community on the establishment of a International Criminal Court for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November last, she was killed by 12 Ganda, mothers of seven children, was killed by a terrorist attack in the same.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has been able to establish the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires political will to achieve the goal of the ultimate goal, namely the rules of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite many positive developments that have recently made the process of the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall are subject to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while all of the death of all of the people's terrorists, we must accept that a source of the tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustices that would not be treated.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, trans alia, of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the system of international security and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
The completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, there may be some of these indictees who are lost and that others were never arrested.
In addition, in the wake of a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as a entity-based entity.
This plan provides for the establishment of the country's development committees, which will be at least a woman of their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for these trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer of the process, it would allow that cases were completed in time, as the President said, the judicial process was not enough.
Subprogramme 2
It is why the solutions that would prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes, through the full elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the first time of nuclear weapons.
In competition to export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and credits for export, but without a long-term basis.
Welcomes, in this regard, the creation of the creation of women's Women's Women Network, which aims to empower women, especially through facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and trade training;
Such a project is in the South Asia in Central Asia.
A description
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to study the possibility of establishing a robust stabilization fund that would lead to the role of the mechanism to help to respond to the losses of the implementation of response.
Conscious of the importance of collaboration between the organizations of the United Nations Global Observing System,
Recommends to the Commission on Human Rights to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty shall be deleted on the criminal sanctions law of the two two and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish a working group for a non-ended working group to study ways for improving the predictability of financing.
In particular, the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions imposed damage and financial and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of exceptional circumstances or force (for natural disasters, threats of famine, conflict, conflict, cultural unrest, which is a result of the administration of the country, in order to prevent humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in cases.
The delegation of the delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force in force to prevent humanitarian disaster, and should be decided to be taken in the case of the suggestion that such a provision could not be required if there was no need to be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already required in the sanctions regime.
It was also noted that the last principle (Section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to know and the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the main feature of the work of the Committee against terrorism.
In fact, despite the slight changes that recommended the Panel of Governmental Experts, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged, but they believe that the experience of the United States Conference, in particular the fact that the experience of the current years has shown that the fact that the experience of the past years has shown that the fact that the number of weapons of conventional weapons, which would not require universal participation.
Our report on Liberia is another example of example that Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States elected by the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several questions concerning the liquidation operation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and review
Source: The Hague Conference, Geneva Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available on www.unc.net/f/documents/index.html).
The obstacles to a full and full participation of women in political life, rather of the traditional attitudes of society, which has a significant impact of resistance, the share of men, with the view that women can play a role in a decision-making process.
The trial of one of the Kosovo Serb, accused of the shooting from April in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research-based research-based research activities, as well as in space space operations, are designed to be implemented and carried out by the research teams in the areas of the physical and the physical sphere of the plasas, through pharmaceutical, air, air and related materials.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development had not been able to develop jobs with the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a comprehensive and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase has already been able to strengthen the capacity of Somali institutions in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Source: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the seventh session of the measures taken to implement the present decision.
“Drain of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect it.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the improvement of the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both private and private organizations, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all regions;
Ms. Silot Brazil (Cuba) said that it would be able to address the question at a meeting of the expanded office of the expanded office, because the views expressed to express the expanded office of the expanded office, as well as the views expressed by the expanded office, which will not reflect the provisions of the Commission in its entirety.
(iv) All the costs and outputs of the Secretary-General to serve as the Secretary-General to serve to the International Conference and Control of the period of six months as described above, after those costs will be paid to the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism by weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the framework of the three stages of the Committee against Terrorism and the United Nations, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the institutional framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the institutional arrangements governing the implementation of legislation, and to the development of international cooperation.
Its production of production is close and more diversified.
Despite the lengthy periods of hope to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the cornerstone of armed clashes during other phases and periods, which have been achieved in the course of which Egypt has made a clear and clear commitment to the efforts of Egypt, with a clear and clear commitment to the efforts of Egypt to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take appropriate measures to protect cultural and ethnic sites of national or ethnic minorities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the absence of effective control of the flag State is the maritime sector to conduct the illegal traffic in arms smuggling and trafficking and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
At the time of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts of the Territory”.
The participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, including the representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumers of consumers, as well as trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that it had been honoured to preside on the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where after four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has initiated its financial obligations to the Organization.
Dates of regular sessions
If the President of the Executive Board is a representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to fulfil its functions, or whether the State member of the Council is a representative of the Executive Board of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board until a new President had been elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population has been highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that it could not agree on the way to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was presented in the form of a subvention to streamline the link between the Office of the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure more flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Creedom for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme is expected to take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions of the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and measures should be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women.
The list of participants in annex I, the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A representative of a minority recommended that self-reliance for the people of Islam in a region with a view to which it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of participants.
The term “and minority” was not accepted by all, as its means for discussions and discussions.
The training courses for minority minorities should be encouraged to learn from the mechanisms of human rights mechanisms and the agenda for development.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It is, however, that a new consensus on the question of the public sector's role in energy for sustainable development (which could be a example of example, to establish the objectives of public policy, to establish the priorities and guidance of markets, without a view to achieving the objectives of the market market, to be able to address the energy of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At the same time, the approach could be seen as “in”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific legislation.
(c) The two Cougar Turkish military aircraft from the United Nations FIR of Ankara, entered into the FIR of Ankara, violating international airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and overflew the occupied territory of the Republic of Cyprus, and overflew the occupied territory of the President of the Republic of Cyprus, which were in the area of the area of the road, which has been able to have been used in the direction of this way.
There is a need for the long-term long-term political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently, Liberia, demonstrate the success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in the absence of emergency, peacekeeping operations, more complex peace operations, which are more complex, with multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, is now to our office in Geneva to discuss with the areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Jjalt (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank your delegation for having a particular issue that the human rights of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the agenda of the Council.
A ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, the sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risk risks, particularly the political risks, which are to be involved in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
However, the United States did not have the fact that they have provided money to the Iranian nationals after ballistic missiles had shot a Iranian airspace in the territory of Iran.
C. The students for knowledge of knowledge, particularly relating to accounting
(b) Analysis of analysis and design of systems (C.g., which covers ICT issues, is a treaty in the module.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist act, and Ariel Sharon, who had participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassi in 1956, ordered the killing of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the provision of services for conference services, as well as the resources provided under temporary temporary assistance to meet the full implementation of the current costs;
Paragraph 2 would be very close in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32 and it would therefore: “Any expropriation of the ground that could be required for the implementation of the project is carried out in accordance with paragraph 2 of the provision, which would be followed in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, paragraph 2, may be followed by a reference to the existing hierarchy.
It could be possible to add a second term to the French version.
The provision of such as amended, was approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY]
(f) That, as stated in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released by a way to ensure that they have actually been released and, in addition, they have been released in conditions that ensure their physical integrity and the possibility of giving their rights;
The study revealed that the Office's administrative services would not be able to make full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, or the adoption of more modern practices, such as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as to the request made in its resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to ensure Myanmar to a transition to a civilian system, and to ensure that all the two are fully fully and free access to Myanmar and that all of the representatives of cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur should be submitted in any form of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, on the basis of April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, at its fifty-eighth session, and to report thereon to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session, and to report thereon to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session;
• It should be considered to be seriously overcome to dismantle the major enterprises of mining companies by the State, as well as the MVs and MEA (Minister of Bakakanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country,
The unutilized balance is mainly attributable to the decision that has been taken to purchase new high-scale generators, the generators available to be recovered through the spare parts of the reservation and have sufficient to ensure the production of electricity.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of global action measures require the granting of the family for protection and assistance, as possible, and that the family of various forms, which vary in cultural, political and social systems,
The Goorburg Group visited the problems of the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the role of which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme of Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Medium-sized strategies: support of the United Nations system entities and planning units (and private and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation, inter-ministerial coordination and training on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on those items and draft resolutions were presented and discussed by 11th meeting to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/57/PV.11 to 15.15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team has completed its mission on six hours, and then returned to Kalas al-inaawa in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Internal Oversight Services informed the briefing and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
It should be recognized to recognize the importance of high-level services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who is responsible for the private sector or is working, in particular such as a entity, for such a entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, a direct advantage of the private sector, or to do so, in order to carry out a act or to refrain from the duties [in relationship with a economic, financial or commercial operation, which cause a injury to the entity of the private sector”.
(j) Identifying, freeze and locate the funds of illicit origin by acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to ensure that the system is to take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid duplication duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (item 32) presented a “without measures”.
In this year, a estimate is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in the circumstances of improving more complex resources;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of the treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under agenda item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to refer to the consideration of the Third Committee.
In the light of the commitment of States that are not nuclear weapons, States, which will have to ensure tangible progress in the context of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forest forests are sometimes dependent at the detriment of natural forest, and are prejudice to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (as highly discouraged in the meeting of Santiago).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained by the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter from 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is endeavouring to promote research in the areas of policy analysis, capacity-building and training capacity.
Ecuador included five women in the embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguyar Ovo (Ecuador) said that the constitutional amendment of the Family Code was the revision of the Family Code, which has been held in the Congress on first reading and was held from a second reading.
Resolution 14 (2003) (2003)
CLOUT decision No. 336, after the establishment of the National National Action Commission against piracy and Terrorism as a National Security Council for Civil Aviation.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined by the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views in which they are followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
Inter-African Movement
H.ERA Authority
However, it may be necessary to take a number of factors in particular, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of a agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR focused on the generosity of donors, particularly Governments, to cover these needs.
The critical task remains to correct the effects of violence and to address the current violations in all developing countries to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Institutional capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community allows a rich potential of cooperation between the Community and the International International Organization, on the basis of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29.24 The planning of programmes and the budget of the budget is under the Division for Programme Planning and Budget.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Fund Trust Fund for 31 December 2003 would be expected to amount to 735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of the term “the electronic contract” reflects the definition of the same term in article 2 of the Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
In addition to further information, please contact Ms. Nicolyas (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-916).
In the exception of publications for the sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the Official Records of the General Section, the Official Records of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the United Nations documents can be accessed by the Official Document System.
Ltd. (Sudan) (Sudan) (spoke in French): The United Kingdom of Liberia)
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal destruction of the security forces, the aircraft and other non-treatment of the world, which is not a cause of economic stabilization and cannot discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations must play a more active role in negotiations.
In some cases, disappearances of weapons would be mentioned, according to the testimonies collected, the acts of the explosive estate.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population infected.
However, the country offices will focus to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - objectives and objectives
Press conferences
The rule of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of the programmes of action are among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and practices in the fight against slavery.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of protection of children.
Calls upon the bodies and institutions of the United Nations system to develop and implement codes of conduct for the form of sexual exploitation of the share of United Nations personnel, services providers by the Organization and humanitarian agents, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their competence;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research for research to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also resolution 1493 (2003) of the Security Council, on 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the session of 1990 on improving and the effectiveness of its operations (CD/106), the Conference invited States, Saudi Arabia, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Monaco, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Republic of Moldova.
I hope that the Ministers wished to draw steps on all of these security issues.
It is concerned about the growing links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.1, A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 and A/58/7/Add.1
Encourages countries to submit, under particular, national reports, at its consideration of the Commission on the consideration of the Commission, including concrete progress in the implementation, including the results achieved, difficulties and opportunities;
(d) Efforts to achieve, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which could have trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the achievement of sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities will include a assessment, assessment and analysis of the progress made in the achievement of the goals; the inventory of the problems and obstacles to the work of the Commission; the establishment and management of a information system and a transparent and transparent information system, as well as a summary of a information and transparent information system, and, as a result of information information on partnerships for the purposes of the Commission.
This assistance has helped to develop teaching materials, training training and senior leadership, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of the training sessions of women.
The total total amount of the amount of USD 1,432,44 under the interests and the amount of USD 8.25,4,4,95.1 for the maintenance of cases - claims for the total of the three instalment of the first instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will make it to ensure that regional initiatives by various agencies or agencies are a result of synergy.
The Fifth Committee, considered the status of the implications of the programme budget submitted by the Secretary-General and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, which is considered by the Secretary-General, and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as described as the following report, will be necessary for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, of the General Assembly and conference services, 1004,600; section 4 of the General Assembly and conference services, 1004,600; section 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
In the context of its work programme, the Government shall immediately provide adequate housing, food and language services for all returnees, men and women, and to seek a work, with the provision of a particular group, as well as the provision of a vulnerable group.
In the framework of international cooperation, the Government is able to complete the full implementation of its statistical centre and census, in order to improve the data collected and their update and to provide a breakdown of sex.
There is a good example of more than more than more than, on the contribution of human rights in the reduction of poverty, and examples of best practices in many countries.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Assembly No. 14, paragraph 3.
(a) Are to reduce such jobs in the work of the Committee and those international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible in the law of local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in more pragmatic ways;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides a overview of the developments of net resources for destination and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that has been launched in Johannesburg on the issue of debt cancellation in theology and sustainable development.
There were cases in the past where the meetings of States parties have been delayed and cancelled in the absence of a quorum.
At the occasion of the Day of Human Rights, the Office of New York of the Office of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights held several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the award of price on human rights.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when the provisions of chapter 8 to the light of existing instruments relating to electronic commerce.
It reaffirmed that P&I were supported in the implementation of the instrument to the transport of the goods to include and indicate that the difficulties could arise with a limited system of a limited-based system system, which was noted that the transport industry, in a broad extent, adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including the Conference's Conference/ICC and the United Nations Transport Agreement.
In response to the reasons for which the draft instrument should be applied to a rule of non-standard property, it was reiterated that the most important issue of this item was to ensure that the secured liability regime for such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Network for Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Network for Youth Employment, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvopenke (Barbados).
In accordance with the posts approved to 30 June 2003, the staffing would be strengthened for 26 staff staff for the International Plan of Internal Oversight Services, 4 D-1, 13 P-3, 5 P-3, 5 P-3, 5 P-2 and 74 of the General Service (Other level) and 74 of the General Service, including 25 Professional officers, and US$ 35 UNV.
The latter would be headed by a Secretary-General (General) (Other level (Other level) and a driver (the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked on the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Rights, the Federal Federal Office of Gender Equality and Men and the Swiss Association of Representatives to Gender Equality Women and men and expresses concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, c.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard standard in the development process of the IAEA, with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on the reporting Review Committee.
Option 3
At our very deep regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has no steps to redeploy the United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq, in order to fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Primary health care are also sensitive in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have deteriorated.
Among those, the National Women's National Forum is a body of consultation and dialogue, and a representative, and representative, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set up guidance for the protection of the type of groups, training training for their social organization and capacity-building in the departments of Paraguay and the promotion of human rights, as well as human rights and human rights in the departments of Chachimula, Zabapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Week of the Health of Women.
This collaboration would begin by the holding of a international symposium on the various aspects of commercial fraud and where different parties could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested the general status of the work of UNIDO: the World Bank of Classification (GEFZZ).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities should consider the adoption of these measures and would be made in the light of the incident's “genopen”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate the chairpersons of the panel teams for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the European Union had been the outcome of the common vision of a united and strong partnership that would enable the African continent to meet the challenges that the continent and its populations must face the challenges of social, economic and political changes that have become in the world.
They stressed that these institutions should be able to address the efforts of some countries using such types of devices to defend their interests.
They called upon the donor countries to increase their contributions to the assistance of humanitarian assistance to the country's needs of affected populations, without it to influence the extent of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the location where it has the urgent need to support humanitarian assistance.
The investigation survey has been carried out by Tunisia that no criminal bank system is not funds, financial assets or resources of individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this field and regional commissions, to provide some activities,
Convinced that the responsibility of road security is the authority to the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (First agenda will be held on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism under the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure, which provides the Office of Action to Combat money-laundering to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization's non-governmental organization on the Review of Review and the Management of the High Capital System of Ushin will serve as the host seminar.
It should be able to contribute to the development of policies and national and regional regulations, a sustainable management of land management and to bring a qualitative improvement of land management and to bring a qualitative and quantitative improvement of agricultural land and a increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans and plans of action and policies and cultural and cultural policies of indigenous knowledge, traditions and religious traditions, customs and religious events, as well as their history, their vision of the world, their vision and values.
The legacy of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear weapons, the deadlock in which the Conference is currently in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the high risk of use of nuclear weapons, which has established a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States have a serious security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth World Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa (Canada) of 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be effective by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow to allow the Conference in a manner or to allow the word of the possibility of obstacles to the problems to be treated or because our sense of frustration is able to decrease the weapons.
At the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team has initiated a dialogue with local leaders and military units in all countries.
These officials are effective to the integration of human rights and protection in the field of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a State is able to be carried out by a organization with the United Nations common regime of 12 months after the term of service, the amount of payment or leave of leave leave to the end of the period, as a result of the number of months, or days of salary leave to the end of the period, as a result of the number of months, or days of salary leave to the end of the period, as far as a result of the number of months, or days of treatment, or days of treatment that would have been paid to the amount of the months, or days of treatment that would be paid to the amount of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical juncture to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only the claims for the period completed by 2 May 1990 or after this date is under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amount of compensation for compensation may be granted.
The Committee “E2” Panel identified the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for different locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims of the claims that it had before it, in order to establish the area and the period of compensation for compensation (“the claim”).
Canada agreed the Chair for a period of one year of 1 January 2004, after the end of the African Africa's mandate, 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will report the best practices of the recent activities of the planning and lessons activities that have been made, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly by the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new United Nations peacekeeping operations and the use of new United Nations peacekeeping personnel, as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment of the deployment team for the deployment of the deployment team will be at 90 days, after which they returned to their duty station.
A CD-ROM-ROM training project entitled “Human Management Management” was recently completed and sent to a pilot mission in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions has been strengthened by the establishment of training units in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a clear code of conduct must be applied to all staff deployed to peacekeeping missions, as well as military, civilian or civilian police personnel, even if disciplinary procedures vary vary on staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels.
The lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities that has a potential demand, including the cost-up costs, which would be very high, and requiring the expertise of persons with disabilities.
It is developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other party — when a person has been facing the need to receive care and dependent from others.
After considering the studies of studies and interesting points, a participant stressed the need to find a fair and balanced perspective between the security and public law to promote transparency.
The search for a structure within the developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered as a number of participants and was noted that ISAR could play a role.
New York University
University of St-school
United Nations Decade for Human Development Education
In accordance with article 15, the gaps identified were reported to the complainants so that they can address.
In the case of a claim, the Committee is assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the complainant, but not to determine whether they had been limited to the extent that the arms embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council had taken effect, namely on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced in the activity of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been important to support the support provided by the United Nations system for the preparation of the study.
On 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are visited by women.
- The leaders and heads of businesses, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide assistance in terrorist activities, in particular through terrorists or groups or terrorist organizations, including or through the funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or in accordance with transactions relating to funds or other financial assets;
- The International Convention signed the International Convention for the Suppression of Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, in view of its jurisdiction on the offences referred to in article 2, paragraph 2, of the Convention in the case specified by article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This Act, which is not entitled, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa would be the Code of the Tax Tax Act (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
The project and its members play a central role, in particular and collectively, in helping the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, the meaning of the United Nations Development Fund, which is not being able to fully fulfil its role, which had adopted it, which had adopted a positive approach.
C. To create a platform for the Global Mechanism
The curfews is continuing, but they are not strict than 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998 attended experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention shall be guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, in the absence of the extent, or in the negative effect, if such provisions may be invoked before the current courts, courts and administrative authorities and whether they can have their use;
(a) Seven members appointed by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for reconstruction and the development of Djibouti”, which provides a overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it is true that it should be able to increase significantly in the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of the services of defence services is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its session 2002;
This figure, however, is attributable to the rise of the growing concerns of the security situation of the terrorist attacks from 11 September 2001, which had led some new resettlement countries to limit their territory.
In 1998, many evidence have been submitted to the FAF.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2001
A systematic investigation, the Government of the Government considered that a investigation was required to make a clear picture of the situation before it to take action on the basis of which it would be applied, assess the degree of awareness-raising to the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report did not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group to provide information and clarification.
National law enforcement agencies, in addition to the training of the National Training Centre on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima, in Lima.
(a) The proposed resolution also requires restrictions on the provision of services related to the list and activities of brokering.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used to be used for torture or to death or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was stated that, on specific cases referred to in the report, it should impose the port to be used during long periods, as a result of the transfer of a prison, as punished, a violation of the Set of the Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (Section 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this area may be accessed on the website, at the next stage: http://www.adid.ch///f/f/m.html (23 October 2002).
In terms of this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of the evidence of the evidence of a member of the SVão Láelán, a person of the High Commissioner, which is or to facilitate the commission of such a offence, it shall be used by the Court or any other person, or to facilitate the commission of such a offence, to be used, unless the defendant or any other person have been used in his satisfaction that the funds were not used or to be used in such effect.
The “State group” is defined by reference to the Framework Framework's decision, i.e., the joint association of two persons, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic cooperation, Swiss nationals, and their dependants
Following a request submitted by the United Kingdom Government in October 2002, to ensure that the Territories of the Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all their own units of savings prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held a emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States had decided to establish the training of special social workers, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States have a few years to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Provide the availability of global biological resources and to identify land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as part of the State party, must prevent its territory not used to plan, together with the use of terrorist crimes or to participate, and they are not able to return, or they are not able to return, or they are not able to return, or to provide them, or to provide them, or to allow them, or to the use of the national territory to make in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the West African Ocean, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors valuable support to the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Mindful of the fact that the world of the twenty-first century, the world of historical change and major progress in which the forces of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, in the extent that the current gaps that some international officials can be more than other international officials can be able to be able to take a judicial tribunal.
In its part, the administration should apply to the requests for consideration by the administration bodies of justice, an obligation to which it often often exist.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gcocoa (Cuba) said to clarify that it is to avoid the consensus that his delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhed (Algeria) said that his delegation attaches particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing also in mind the Declaration of the World Summit on Food, five years, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This report has been prepared after the other members of the Council.
Support and principles
It continues to commend the development of democracy in the Republic of China, and hoped that the Chinese people, two co-sponsors of Taiwan Strait, will be resolved in a peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the General Assembly to include item 167 in agenda item 16.
Exchange rate of November 2002.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those to ensure greater awareness of decision makers and the public sector of the importance of outer space activities, and promote the use of space activities, in promoting sustainable development by the United Nations system and the private sector, systems and services services, and to improve the management of natural resources in the world.
Viet Nam has been committed to a large nation and a prosperous society, equitable and democratic society, taking human rights at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After having the wealth of countries in developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all of the 7th.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from the same benefits in limiting freedom of expression of supporters of a Cyprus in which the right of the Israeli forces, issued by military troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are contained in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round discussion
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of the most vulnerable-based workers in the light of the effects of the long-standing workers in the face.
It is estimated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, a part of a one of all, important, the challenge is to address the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement their obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work of Member States, in the management of Member States, by 12 November 2007 that the Committee had established, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and called upon Member States to support the United Nations system in conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting to the meeting of 6 March will be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More than we see us that we have still done.
Is this is not, through terrorism?
(a) The replacement of a or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments of the United Nations Human Rights Convention, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
In first, it focuses on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 2833 women (13.3 per cent) to 143 teachers.
A total of reproductive health indicators included the ninth Plan of Health and the second World Health Plan are presented below (table 5).
Therefore, it is informed and educated with the population at the level of families to the health of women, in order to promote the use of health services, through information programmes, education and communication programmes (I), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All United Nations system institutions require tangible safeguards for loans.
The World Summit's summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in its history has never been able to address this issue.
Liechtenstein welcomes this trend and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons with HIV/AIDS, have drawn attention and had been recognized by the international community's full success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, transfer and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, to justify their opposition to the development of a convention on remote sensing, it is expected that resolution 41/65 is still a useful tool, since it has before two principles that they consider:
Rape was used in all impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terror the civilian population.
There is 10 years, violence against women was a matter of fear.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate crimes against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate those crimes in the form of legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a Ombudsman or other monitoring mechanism in all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides a overview of the obligations of international law on human rights in the respect of the right to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health clinics in many regions, a violation of human rights rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Georgian economy had been somewhat improved in recent years, it was extremely important, with a heavy external debt rate and a high unemployment rate in 12 per cent (see official).
Consequently, the failure of the non-payment of Georgia's failure under Article 19, and still not non-compliance with the commitments that had been made in the three plans of payment, due to exceptional circumstances of its commitment.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering has participated in a assessment of financial activities at the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned steps for 2003 and beyond the need to include national capacity in health and development, the strategic planning of the population component, and the development of the national strategy for the fight against HIV/AIDS and support to the national strategy of the fight against HIV/AIDS and support for the development of the programme and the promotion of a capacity-building approach that are harmful to the rights of the latter;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the Model Law of UNCITRAL Arbitration on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with satisfaction the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your leadership and your effectiveness — what you have shown in our diplomatic leadership, both the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, and here, in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been sought in the years of making a more broad focus in TCDC in the framework of its work programme using the availability of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Royal Police of Brunei Darussalam, in cooperation and coordination with other national peacekeeping agencies, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument has been concluded during the seventh session of the Special Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, “Prevention of crime and criminal justice”, as well as in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signature of the United Nations Convention against Corruption, which will be held in a timely manner for the signature of the signing of the United Nations Convention against Corruption, which will be held in Mr. Susah (Yuatat) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Improving the United Nations: a programme of reform”.
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law in the new international economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had again addressed general issues on the scope of the implementation of the provisions (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
It is also clear that they are under the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, which provides a understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be seen in accordance with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not have adequate resources to consider all activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first report of the Executive Director of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/11) would also inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the light of the global production of opium, from 200,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one of a third of this volume in 2000.
Africa has provided a number of replies (14 per cent), the Americas 207.9 per cent), Asia (38,8 per cent), and the Oceania (FDI) and Oceania 2 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops in the production of illicit drugs and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
That is a real situation where the world is to lose, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his report, he had been able to say that it would not be able to start this opportunity.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 public education education and four secondary education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the text of section 35 (C.g. for development) by the proposed programme budget for 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CEPP).
The border has already been determined, however, in addition to resolution 1507 (2003) of Security Council resolution 1507 (2003) for the two parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal municipal structures (the Pristina region) are still vacant, no candidate would not be submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs in the five municipalities, in Kosovo, Cyprus, Jjanjan and Obilg (in the region in Pristina), No. Broo (ECLAC) and Zvvan (ECLAC) and Zvvan (ECLAC), was aware of the difficulties of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and accomplishments of the expected that: (a) Economic stability at the national level and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through advice and assistance to the environment, through advice and assistance to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP, and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Facility and other external resources to implement the work programme.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and a electronic forum on best practices concerning social and environmental responsibility of societies are accessible to the Internet (1); advisory services of information on the basis of environmentally sound development of information, metals and other chemicals (1); based on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development for sustainable development, and the website of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (2);
NEPAD is a comprehensive development programme of the continent, and is that it should also be treated to a comprehensive perspective.
Inter-Parliamentary Group
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and ensure that it is recognized and without discrimination without discrimination;
Recommends to the Economic and Social Council to adopt the following draft decision:
Emphasizing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, in the context of the General Assembly, the General Assembly adopted its resolution S-26/2, of 27 June 2001, in its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view to streamlining and effective efficiency and effectiveness, to facilitate the access of information that it needed to carry out its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international organizations and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures that they have taken to promote and implement, where appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to the risk of different types of persons;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and requests to be completed in the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Committee on Human Rights, on exemptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the Status of emergency,
United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, in particular with the international donors for the training of officials responsible for the implementation of laws, which are protected to protect and defend human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the measures of the penitentiary regime for the purpose of conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to paragraph 2 of article 43 of the Convention, which includes the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at 10th, expressing the hope that this amendment will be able to meet the Committee to effectively effectively implement the two special and special measures related to the implementation of the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will be able to work in delay,
(g) To provide mutual assistance for the widest possible investigation, criminal proceedings or procedures of extradition relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the identification of evidence, which are necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2000/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2000/L.2, as follows:
Discrimination in criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2000/L.103) proposed for draft resolution E/CN.4/2000/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among the elderly, women have become more than men, the gap between the age, and that the conditions of older women in the world must be a priority,
It was understood that the reimbursement was based on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred by their participation in a peacekeeping force.
It had been discussed in this connection with the Secretariat to ensure that, on the basis, it would be able to provide a detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had completed 46 aircraft for 2002 for 2002 and 2400 hours and 2445 hours and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaleoson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a advisory committee of judges had been established for further cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
In a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted the Member States and received written proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral measures constitute a major challenge to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
B. Ggg of 222
Often, the former “Arab”” are involved in the maintenance of this very harmful nature for children.
It is therefore not able to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the basis where they are.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who have been arrested for checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000 or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred in the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information submitted by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelnyy, by their dedication and their availability, honour to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $7965,000 is estimated for the requirements of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technologies;
In this regard, two Palestinians, one of 10 years, Mohammed Abu Sabe, who were killed the death.
Developments in peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, certain acts of which are guilty of the armed forces have caused the death of the regular forces caused the death of a large number of civilians, among which the elderly, women and children who are responsible for the conflict is far far.
A member to choose from Eastern European States;
Noting that, in fact, that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not presented, and that delays are in the implementation of the study, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It can be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because it will be time to change the management of financial management and will focus on products and results, rather than small and planning.
It is unfortunate that there is no way to achieve the objectives set out in the Programme of Action, as well as the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance with respect to the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They can be used in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights of the Covenant are not adequately protected in that regard to a large number of migrant workers in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Affairs.
He also welcomed the efforts made by the State party to provide the results of its relationship with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including through possible consultations on their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in the light of the concluding observations of the bodies.
In connection with general observation, it was estimated that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access to the information of public authorities or third parties on water, water services and environment.
The plan “in a one of a Peace-of-Free Peace Forces” has enabled the United Nations peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon in Bosnia and Lebanon.
Reiterates its request to the parties to redouble its efforts to take measures to build confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Tonga, Tonga.
In particular, the following:
A approach and a collective spirit have emerged.
We will not meet the objectives that allow the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising the populations of the dangers of mines, destroying the destruction of mines, by providing assistance to the victims, by providing assistance to the victims, in facilitating their social reintegration and to bring new States to accede to the Convention and to do so.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving a significant role in the lives of the people of many countries seriously affected the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also introduced a synthesis of developments in the role of the Special Group of Climate Change, and described some adjustments arising from the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice of a person who commits or attempt to commit a person of such acts.
“bis bis.
If the murder is committed by the author, it has led to the fact of the fact that the fact that the author is a position in the area of the mass, under the effect of drugs or drugs that have been able to express its husband or in a situation that may undermine or reduce their mental capacity, but the punishment of the imprisonment of the person shall be subject to the same of such circumstances.
Each case of cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President of the Committee's recommendations on contracts for approval by Assistant Secretary-General for Support Services.
(b) The holding in Brazzaville, 14 to 17 May 2003, from the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to contribute to effective and coordinated efforts to address the challenge of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, there is a social security system for young people who are used for the labour market without their training.
C. Social security of social security included in the system
The beneficiaries of the Cuban spouses and the spouses or separated spouses, or the marriage was declared.
That is why the facilitation of access to housing is a way for a principle that would guide public policy.
(c) Management and resolution of medical assistance for protected housing, and actions for rehabilitation;
In these agreements the central government and self-governing authorities are able to carry out their respective normative skills, which are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount of compensation.
A solution may be to provide children, as well as their younger age, education and awareness of gender equality in order to promote a new culture that promotes a broad culture of action against HIV/AIDS and a improvement of the economic and social situation of all of all.
The rule set out in Barcelona Traction is derived from the general principles of the law of companies recognized by civil nations and non-derogable international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in Barcelona Traction has led to the States to use bilateral investment treaties, which enables the States to address the international investment treaties or to the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes of the Convention, which allows the States's legal jurisdiction or to the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes in the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes of States and nationals of other States.
Judicial Authority
The United Kingdom and the United States, and the United States has strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their national nationals to be shareholders of a Portuguese-speaking society, which Portugal itself had caused a injury, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had been invoked only to establish the amount of reparation to pay.
A society could not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in exchange of its social service, its home or the basis of which it is monitored.
Ibid., p. 1.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants did not receive a violation of their rights as a result of the defence of the defence, as well as to the President of the General Assembly and to vote.
Legal assistance in the most possible manner is given, as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the State Party required to enable, in accordance with article [] [A responsibility of the State party, in accordance with article [] [A responsibility of the State party]
(c) The full or partial reserve of the value of this proceeds or the funds of the sale of the sale of the international debt of the State Party.
]
A proposal by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should take into account the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also stressed that, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close relations and the protection of the major family values.
Although the situation of these persons have somewhat changed in the recent conflict, some families could return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a matter of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements for human rights continued to facilitate the efforts of the country and other in this area, and there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and studies
Publications
- aspects of the rights of the contingent-owned soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
It was expressed about the Committee's further external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/CP.263) sent by Arias Arias, President of the Committee against Terrorism, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report to follow up by the Government of the United Nations General Government on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001) of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this context, it would be strengthened to repeat the Secretariat's capacity and to make all lessons learned from the expert groups.
It will also say that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement of the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Pata, who spoke with a view to which the European Union was held.
In view of the debate of today, the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the important role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1972-1965: Statistical studies of the High-school Education in the University of Sabin-C-Cuen
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the beginning of cotton, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, and the Zmmma have been allocated to Nauru and the European Man Award in Papua New Guinea, where they would be located in the detention centres pending during the detention centres pending to their applications for asylum;
Because of the signs of the signs of Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have good hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the Conference.
As we have stated in many times, we fully support the regional approach to matters relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of adequate planning for the international Conference.
The Committee on the question of treaties has little progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but other issues of principle have made serious progress.
At the time of negotiations held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, in the framework of a comprehensive measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State is in this way.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to reflect the number of measures or the political will of the Government of Canada, Ms. Gnasadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide a more comprehensive information on the services to those women, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on persons or agencies responsible for these efforts and to address measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second instance should be managed by those who are in the first time where access to the Internet and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Afi (Morocco) said very important importance that the Organization has established internal control mechanisms that would identify irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to identify such incidents as soon as possible and avoid that they do not.
The proposed issues will be added to the list of the third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
As a result of the following:
The movement of indigenous people emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not obliged to take a clear rule and seemed to be determined to fulfil its intentions despite the international conviction.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall, the construction of a wall of the wall, which has been used by the Palestinian land and prevent the Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this critical task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, especially in schools, should contribute to the promotion of tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of Security Council resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 of the necessary mechanisms required to enable its members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to be held, in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the General Assembly, to be held in the form of observers, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator on the mechanisms of the assets of deposits is due to the fact that the public authorities are not involved as others.
One of these stages was the creation of a system-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Narar Carlos Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the international community's efforts to support countries affected in taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacity-building in the planning and management of disasters, including transfer of military control to civilian control, accountability for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA in 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, in New York, from 20 to 23 January.
It stressed that the total cost of the costs is a fundamental need for UNOPS activities.
They have requested a excellent day.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and the conflict in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to achieve its objectives.
The Committee urges them to continue to recruit children who are soldiers or, as well as, as well as to contact the armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of a joint radio-based capacity-building capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the proposal of the Secretary-General that this pilot project is an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide a public access to the United Nations system of the electronic dissemination of the documents of the United Nations, which should be considered in the context of the draft budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
In a broader note, it welcomed the provision of interpretation services and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary that it is still.
It was noted that there was a lot of lessons from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Internet website (www.htm).
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft text contained in the relevant meeting document, as orally revised.
(a) To promote and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movements and management of wastes, as well as the promotion of the transfer of the transfer and employment of cleaner technologies;
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Germany, Austria, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Mexico, Japan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the United Nations High-Agency Information Service was published.
The Conference began plenary meetings of agenda item 21 (A option of the Conference's report at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the critical role of the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention has again been drawn up to the need to provide uniform access to police and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical technology: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); based on forest resources: database on the assistance of developing countries in the areas of the forestry sector (1); a web site on the assistance of the developing countries in the areas of the areas of publications and information on the activities related to the activities related to the subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, from other things, of the victims of children, the Government of the Government, the police of the Government, the police of the Government of the Law of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Defence Protection Centre, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For the meetings of the executive bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, except by the participants, if the secretariats are not able to provide the pre-session documents in all the respective languages of their commitment, should be strictly respected, to be considered in the form of the pre-selection documents, they should, in exceptional circumstances, to submit the pre-trial documents or summaries of the relevant languages in the relevant languages, with respect to the deadlines frames;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it would not have the expression “in the official language”, [signal]] “a. It is to be encouraged that, when the General Assembly of this organization had considered a report entitled “Lports of Portuguese” (E/AC/54/26/1), at its session of September October 2000, recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to that “speaking Portuguese” as a language of work in WIPO”.
Such a measure could be carried out in the framework of a inventory of the language of staff, which should be fully fully provided to Member States on the composition of the Secretariat or on the management of human resources.
It is also understood that the translation of translation will be added to the normal time of implementation.
For example, the review of the review process of the Committee on Development Development of the United Nations Development Programme for Economic Development, as a result of the development of trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Programme on Human Development 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement General Assembly programmes, including the human rights and gender perspective, and to disseminate information on the Convention in order to modify attitudes of women's roles and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education of children is a social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators for inclusion of school drop and teenage pregnancies in national surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of its consideration of the third periodic report relating to the deadline of the award of 300 days on the basis of a woman's woman or divorces before he returned.
The Committee recommends that the State party take other measures to ensure that each can be able to improve family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote a equitable understanding of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the Act on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500 million, which is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and British States issued a joint press communiqué on the exchange of correspondence with regard to Georgia's visits in Georgia and the North Sandwich Islands and the South Sandwich Sandwich Islands, as follows:
The facts and history of the contract in relation to the project were exposed to paragraphs 12 to 312.
This amount includes the amount of USD 2, 3002,922 under the work and materials that were released on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1, 45767 per cent of the assurance of the assurance of the Secretary-General.
The evidence show that the work of the past of which are the result of which the latest number of vehicles (which are of 47 and 61) were implemented after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a reasonable explanation of the departure of its employees of Iraq, because for the assets of projects were not restored.
No other than the Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi authorities had never cancelled the amount of fines (II 3488) that they had been granted to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee discusses these reports and recommendations, whenever it is possible, and to reduce the cost of translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in the follow-up of the major conferences and meetings of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various goals set out by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government are committed to all efforts to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol in force and to begin to implement the reductions of greenhouse gas emissions,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether the authors would wish to ask whether a regular review would not be limited to the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands was agreed in the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the Committee to provide the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There is a need for a view that, if it is not tolerated that the smuggling, the consequences are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of the climate and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it should be noted that the Secretary-General's proposal in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if the objectives could be achieved, by 2015, we will be able to increase the leadership of these three years.
In the Government of the democratically elected leadership of India, it cannot have a more important step for the eradication of poverty.
A death in suspicious circumstances that have not been detected in the camp camp, in which there are a result of Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has started in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of the new divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, two times as at the pilot phases of Kambia and Lzzz.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004, at the time of the summer of 2004, at the time that five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country should be followed by ISAF.
The activities for which core resources should be made:
UNIFEM strategies
A 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/11); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); the report of the Secretary-General on women, Peace and Security Women (S/2002/1154);
The Panel considers that illegal imports of mass weapons have significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations assistance agencies provides five regional offices in Sabasa (the case of Nimba), Vjuama (comas of the La) and Zwend (report of the Gland) and Zwend (report of Grand Gee) and Zwend (com.g. Grand.
Charles Taylor was its control on all industries, or illegal or illegal, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral organizations
The weakening of ethnic groups would be given to improving the economic situation, opportunities by power, social resistance, social resistance, especially from the opposition of freedom and democracy, but also on the efforts of the law, as well as to the work of the law, as well as to the fact that it seems to have lost the fact that they had been left from many young people.
It is now that, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1191 mosques in operation, including 840 were able to start and $1,09 in the achievement of the plan.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be published as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy and its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set out and to achieve the expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) Member States of ESCWA will support the work and productivity of information technology and technology technologies; (b) Member States will be able to implement the implementation and productivity of information technology and technology technologies; (b) Member States to use the recommendations made at the World Summit on Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrisis (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance, the Sharia was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was particularly able to define the use of a more effective exchange of road, and the lead of road-to-range power, as the result of the problem is high.
In collaboration with scientists of the Law Law, the new National Institute (United States) and the Rrini College of London, the Musating of natural history has continued to assess the technical analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the ground-to-flight analysis in a way-by-case manner.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the rehabilitation of the refugees, in its management system, and in the light of the concept of reference, navigation and control, and the necessary approach to the effective approach of transboundary objects and unpredictable.
At the same two of these areas (un.g. A docki and the trans-mail of a series of a year) has occurred on the geostationary orbit, but there were no evidence in the geostationary orbit, but there were no evidence in which they have not been found.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the laws prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit traffic in drugs and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the meeting of UNCTAD in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not confused but rather and interdependent.
• In regional security matters;
The minimum requirements applicable to medical treatment by drug users
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20, and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports of previous sessions, under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter of a proposal, to circulate members of the working group.
With regard to the content of content, the emphasis is based on the design of products and services in languages, and the presentations that provide a dissemination and use of the sharing of users and users.
• In order to extend its efforts, the regional information centre will be closely closely with the offices of the resident coordinator offices in the country where they can be able to develop partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as associations for the United Nations.
Phase 2 has taken a end to 4 February 2002 with the entry of the new system system, which are fully able to provide the capacity-building capacity of the environmental system, with a view to which users could choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing the custody of the detention, the duration of the custody to be held and access to a lawyer during the case.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National National Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/224.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of such trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have received protection measures, repatriation and reintegration, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements for the biennial support budget are fully consistent with the reporting period.
Ms. Shin would like to congratulate Mexico for having organized the first World Conference on Women and ratified earlier, the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
In addition, UNISPACE III was mainly:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs in the implementation of the principles of good governance, it should be noted in particular, in particular, the financing of Italy in the United Republic of Tanzania on the effectiveness of the assistance and governance of the United Nations Regional Centre for Technical Assistance, as well as the training of the United Nations Development Forum, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of America on the Coordination of Development, and the United Nations Development Committee, the United Republic of America, and the United Nations Development Forum, and the training of the law, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, announced that additional debt relief, and in the absence of the lack of reservations of the HIPC Fund, some States had decided to increase its contribution to the Fund's Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of the debt force of African countries and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Secretary-General of his briefing.
The relationship in Jakarta is generally operational, the members of the militias in West Timor seems to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and the goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that the Secretary-General's long-term stability, stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed directly on the Internet and Television, based on the basis at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity that has made the representative of the Turkish representative that is one — and I is pleased to see the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local, local and other of Turkey.
The Inter-African Association Network is also held, for each year, in New York, in Italy, the first of the world's global anti-Discrimination Network, a event in both cultural and sports-based association, which meets artists and tor non-traditional and non-traditional associations of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round discussion on the theme “to risk risk factors
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all two members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the two who may not benefit for children from the provisions of subparagraph (i) (i) and (ii) (a) (a) above, the other who may be granted the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) (iii) of the same conditions;
The review of this question has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants will have further initiatives of such new initiatives and encouraged the potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East contained by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls and of the violations of their rights, all of the rights of children and adolescents, as well as, as well as to the violence and practices of children and adolescents, as well as to the violence and practices of children and adolescents, as well as in the violence and practices, as well as the violence and practices, as well as the violence and practices, as well as, as well as the violence and practices, as well as, as well as the violence and practices, as well as, in the light of violence, the selection of pregnancy, and female genital mutilation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child must constitute the standard of the promotion and protection of the rights of children, and recognizing the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention, which are on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, prostitution of children and child pornography or to accede to the full implementation of the Convention;
Convinced that a collective effort will make better results, it considers that all nations that are able to be able to contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group of eminent personalities on the reform of the United Nations but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in the mandates of peacekeeping and, where appropriate, are included.
See, in general, B.g., Practice in Poverty Reduction: An: An Framework Framework, El.E., E.E.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, on a further date, as possible as possible in the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Commission, which are summarized in the work of the session, section III, which are reflected in the Committee's consideration of the recommendations of the States, in particular, in the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in first or second reading;
At the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories in their administration are a appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no delegation wishes to make a statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in 2003, in the limited resources available, at least one of 10 working days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A outcome of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which will like to establish a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the outcome of the industries and industrial industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that it has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, reconstruction, today — is a historic event and that the international community must promote reconstruction and in our way.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, while China did not accede to the Convention, it did not preclude a number of exchanges and cooperation with the signatories.
At the 250000 people who have found the death in situations of the war in 1989, at least half of ex-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property in the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the case of a breach of the rights of women's rights, the person concerned the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In 1999, several non-governmental organizations have devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been subjected to its work by a number of factors, including its low level, the availability of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of the various press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the nature of the public infrastructure infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite that, the Assembly has always been able to rebut the indictment that it did not meet the mandate of the United Nations Charter.
It is therefore encouraging that, in accordance with the commitment of the commitment to the present phase of the elimination of the weapons of Cuba, as it is expected that the Plan of Action to carry out the collection of weapons was adopted at the meeting of Buka on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key challenge of progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, including the latest resolution resolution 57/21 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by a international organization, in the framework of its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
The nature of the United Nations Mission of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Sir, for convening this important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we need to act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the best role of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee would complement the actions undertaken by the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the meetings and summits of the high-level session, which were held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often increasingly affected that others, especially family, and trafficking.
Division of Africa
Fourteen countries have benefited for equal education and more than 4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola is to address some humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Ai (Papua New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I think that, on the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly focused on developing and strengthening the work of Bougainville in the position of its technical expertise and others.
With the support of the Democratic People's Army, the Serb forces have taken the control of some parts of the Slav Western Western and Srenonia, as well as the occupied territories in a single State, “the President of Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development as a matter of environmental problem.
This cooperation allows individuals and businesses in developing countries and to attract national and foreign investment for strengthening national and foreign investment to strengthen and modernize production capacities, which increases the direct balance of the manufacturing industry in developing countries.
In our part, Jordan rejects all the wrongness, and the campaigns campaigns aimed at incitement of the Arabs and Muslims in the light of their own terrorists.
It is, however, the discussions that took place before the war and to continue to cause controversy, a lack of uncertainty in the distribution of power to the international arena after the cold war.
Attacks on innocent civilians must take end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is as a whole of the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant to the civilian population.
Stresses the need for a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As a result of the implementation of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that the future future future will be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to have a renegotiation of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that the indicators of general policy indicators, which is at the national level or at the international level, were more difficult to identify the indicators of indicators for concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
In the context of the establishment of new mechanisms, the question of stability of flows should be given adequate attention.
The errors of this type referred to in the report, which could seem to appear in a serious and fundamental reality if it had been given a political perspective.
It was reminded that the representative of the Republic of the Congo would be given to the representative of the Republic of the Congo, which could be able to be given to the past of the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been abandoned, with the political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
C. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with regard to 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in the context of the multilateral trade negotiations on the services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit herewith the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolution 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of the General Assembly, on 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and of the representatives of the central associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by the physical or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Financial Action Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social, social and economic policies, gender-based policies and a environment conducive to investment is the basis of sustainable development and is essential to the development of adequate housing, as a component of the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate housing;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the gradual reduction of the civilian police force, which will be reduced from 3,255 men in July 2004 to 2.4 in June 2005.
The authors of the report concludes that the combination of the evaluation based on a number of and a multisectoral approach has been met.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions and future peacekeeping missions should be dealt with in the same manner, without discrimination for financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Jordan), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Mr. Mvvv (Belarus), Vice-President/Rapporteur.
Model insolvency procedure
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the United Nations Development Conference.
The provision of 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held during the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General appointed the Director-General of the Division of the Division of the Development Division and Technical Cooperation, to further increase the evaluation and develop indicators of performance indicators.
Prior to these integrated programmes and the adoption of a similar approach, such as UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The Panel's claim on six consecutive contracts with ININEC for the sale of articles for the sale of the goods in Iraq.
Although the basis of these data is not ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements that UNIDO has a disproportionate responsibility of the fact that UNIDO has a disproportionate responsibility in the fact that it manages the entire buildings of the web site.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations to the present formulation of a reservation and is why the restrictions adopted in the last case (a.g. 2.3.1.1 to 2.3.3) of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the practice of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the practice, including the practice, including the practice of the scope of reservations, including the practice of the scope of reservations, including the practice of the scope of reservations, including the practice of the scope of reservations, including the practice of the scope of reservations, including the practice of the scope of reservations.
The draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account conceptual considerations and the study of practice.
When air sites are properly filled, the risk of oil-borne oil-water equipment is being destroyed.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or administrative and administrative measures in order to give effect to the travel ban.
The procedures of import and export of weapons are the subject of replies to issues on 22 and 23 and any other other activities that such procedures are considered as a offence in the terms of criminal law applicable in this case.
Space space:
Table 1 A list of space systems for sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly adopted annually of the resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which affect the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction as well as to freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues to be ignored to any political process and continues to deny the Cuban people of the most recognized human rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The assignment of assets would be made to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 910 hours the inspectors met with the Director-Owned Liaison Director, which had raised questions relating to the activities of these sites, the type of drugs and the equipment of the main main managers, and asked that the development structure and the names of its main main leaders, and asked that the changes were developed and distributed, as well as the changes were reached during the four years.
A average rate of 24 per cent and one per cent of 0 per cent will be used for the basis of the scale of assessments of the troop-contributing States Parties (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice on the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate protection for persons who are entitled to strike or participate, where the movement is organized in respect of legality.
The equality of access to higher public education provides to provide the school students who wish to continue their studies in order to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, such as erosion of land degradation and the termination of species and species in some areas (for forests, water and oil) could be able to reduce the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means by reducing the current level of poverty-based poverty.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (the minimum age), the staff who have paid children for less than 20 years are entitled to the right to take retirement for the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 189, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of a rapid deployment of the force force of the global stabilization force.
Has you met with problems related to the submission of names and information information in the list of the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limits of Crimes of war and crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be allowed in this case, as well as to apply to the same same as those of the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide for 9 December 1948.
We have been established in the international level for protection of children, but they are still achieved.
This approach should be re-up by the Security Council, since it is indivisible, a year of the world and is a act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreement agreed.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and nationals of States from third States, on 2 August 1990,
(a) hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme today is therefore a absolute necessity and has been very important.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear no objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered a number of claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that the complainants would be attributed to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) The amount of USD 2,179,9,33 for commercial losses or industrial activity caused by Kuwaiti companies, including the review will be entrusted with “E4” report in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need for the need to establish a more broad acceptance for the operation and implementation of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate necessary measures and to establish necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government must be urgently devoted to the success of the police officers, judges, prosecutors and activists of human rights, dedication and courage.
There are still no comprehensive definition of the universal human rights obligations that reflect the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
The reference to international organizations have been considered the inclusion, in subparagraph (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the definition of the Convention,
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the following document and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Income para.
In order to consider new priorities, the need to identify the results of the past.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of Quebec, which is applicable to the institutional life of nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the budget Committee and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in the field of good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of accountability and respect for human rights, universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Cecher national national space debris on space debris, the safety of space objects for nuclear energy sources (A/AC.105/789), as well as a paper paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the use of nuclear energy sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/L.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
The object of space objects: satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement them, as well as comprehensive human rights measures, and to ensure that the transparency of the United Nations system to ensure transparency and prevention of funds acquired effectively;
We appreciate the initiative of the country concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism of the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of this year of the Secretary-General and is now resumed in the draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment of the General Assembly of a mechanism of cooperation and inter-agency coordination and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the gap between the Sub-Committee of Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law on the world.
The results of the project, including the specific recommendations on reducing the risks of the marine activities of mining funds, would be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the scale of the minimum salary base, the Commission noted that the question of possible changes to the level of staff of staff to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no change had been made in the immediate time.
On 20 September, it would have been a arbitrary arrest of members of a civil Commission composed of NGOs, central services and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's People's Republic of la delaa, who had been held to support the work of the Thai women.
There is a need to report the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, including trafficking in persons with criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Agenda item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations has shown that in most cases, the role of the Organization in situations of conflict is characterized and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict.
In addition, it is necessary to implement disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, to combat arms traffic, particularly small arms and light weapons in their countries and to promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make a few remarks, and on the basis of the evolution of our Council.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably in a situation of conflict.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to break these conflicts, I would like to note on these conflicts.
We strongly believe that it is credible and effective, the Council must benefit the full confidence and full support of the international community.
It also stressed the fact that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network showed how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the heads of leaders of the Network for Youth Employment
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to take into account procedures to be recognized and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or arrest, or to be based on a decision to seek its own authorities to obtain its own authorities.
Governments have resorted to the law on security in order to justify some information concerning human rights and to try retaliation against defenders.
The impact: Several Parties have provided a estimate of the effects of various policies relating to transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Spain, France, Italy, Norway, Netherlands, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures for the broader impact of climate change: policies in the agriculture sector are under this category.
The policies and measures to combat the emissions of S44 per cent of the road and the increase of the high-up of livestock, the reduction of livestock and research programmes in the area of the number of livestock, the reduction of livestock and research programmes for the purpose of reducing the reduction of S44 (a) and research programmes for the purpose of reducing the reduction of S44 (and N2O) from the traditional practices (France and New Zealand).
The special session of 2003, on the budget budget of the Executive Board of UNICEF will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The second network, which covers renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In this regard, the case of new studies provides such as a real measure” or “or the Internet”, as if the delay of transmission and treatment of information reported by a reality that is a reality, or in any case of the author's claim.
All countries that are certain of its economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the review of the review is at the level of enterprise or is determined by several companies.
Many of the measures that have been conducted in recent years have been impossible without progress in the concepts of concepts and definitions by practitioners of the OECD Working Group on the indicators of the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should report the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections under the four bienniums.
Replace paragraph 1 (vi):
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS is not reduced in the past two years, although it is less than other countries in the region of West Africa where the rate of 5 per cent in 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the implementation of the commitments and expenditure.
In this context, it is pleased to recall the guidance that we are committed to conduct in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987 and that, among the priorities, the impact of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive development and that the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The co-cultural vision imposed more than small countries in the region of the United Nations system, despite the limited resources, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are now able to move with their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table is not reflected in caution, such as a source of sources, should be used to be used in a category of different characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.5.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it is in the world”.
We welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein in the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the development of economic and social development, but also political, which would allow it to consider the issue of final status in a immediate manner.
It should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo.
Such transfer is important.
In Kosovo, it is still still much working to do so.
The mandate of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new building of the United Nations would be headed by a contract of the lease contract to the end of which it would become the owner of the construction and the ground on which it would be guided;
Decides to consider further consideration of conference services and support services to the Committee against Terrorism in 2003 in the light of the review of the Security Council on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.7.
The enterprises are increasingly more important to submit reports on the effects of the effects they can have to be held in society and the same way.
The text of its statement on the five outstanding reports, which covers the entire system, will be sent to delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity that have significantly changed in the past few years is the establishment of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “No criminal offences against individual persons”, provides, in article 151, that person who are deprived of their liberty, such as the act is a aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such as the offence is a aggravating circumstance of the offences under article 151, and the death penalty is a aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the death penalty is in the case of two six years.
Various rules and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Usama Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida or Al-Qaida on behalf of the Committee is not subject to the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not undermine investigations or measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as evidenced by the Joint Congress for Peace and Northern Ireland, on the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of experience of South Africa with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of the Israeli and Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and the support of international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the United Nations military component has been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff had been given to leave the area of the Mission in this date in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources of the group, approximately 60 per cent of the territory of Liberia were under the control of rebels;
No.
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to share the responsibility to reduce social and environmental vulnerabilities in the region (b.g., which will help and transform the Central America in the context of promoting the promotion of human rights and good governance, in order to promote the promotion of human rights, with the active participation of civil society, in order to promote the promotion of human rights (for the permanent level) by paying special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the period under review, the Council has considered many important issues for peacekeeping and international security, in Europe, in Asia, in Asia, in the Middle East, in Oceania, Oceania and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that the violent fighting in the north, in the south and in a lesser extent in the western countries are threats.
They called on the expansion of the Council's composition in order to recover its legitimacy, as a representative of the world of the global geopolitical landscape and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you addressed the President of the International Criminal Tribunal on 30 April 2003 on the request submitted by Judge Joseph Sethet P Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain a extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until it had been completed in the case of the media, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and meetings of the Summit, as well as in the outcome of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress made, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session would be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall decide on the reasons contained in the general report.
Ms. Oar said that the concern of the Committee on the sea of the age of marriage for the reunification of families is a consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether there was special measures, such as provisions relating to the detention of children and pre-school classes, to encourage immigrant immigrants to follow up.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for the developed countries as well as for development in development, especially those of all, in the beginning of the twenty-first century, the same types of problems, especially in many quarters, such as, the constitutional crisis, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic and crime levels.
Organization of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the establishment of programmes aimed at promoting the development of economic activities and sustainable enterprises, noting the Special Rapporteur's special role in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
D. Inter-Commission of the United Nations Development Programme
Stresses the importance of streamlining and harmonizing the requests of reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified methodologies and harmonized bodies and to assist countries in developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports from data and statistical statistics;
“The Government of India had previously reported to the State of Karnataka to leave the country on the father's father.
The technology was a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the form of geographical information systems, in the form of databases and software systems, could improve access to information in the planning, logistics and other purposes, as well as to ensure that the problems and solutions of the problems in geographical space, and facilitate the participation of public participation in the field and to facilitate the participation of public participation in the field and to facilitate the participation of public participation in the field of public and disaster-raising efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure to take the words that, I am confident, we am convinced that we are now able to hear our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last year a number of bilateral consultations, group or open-ended consultations, Geneva and New York.
According to a opinion, political policies faced by cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also on the efforts undertaken by developing countries, with efforts and significant resources to reduce the culture of cannabis in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated a number of discussions and discussions on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from funds.
The first promotion of girls are expected to increase the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector is the increase in life expectancy of all Pakistani leaders, reducing disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of care, and ensuring the assurance of health services, and ensure that health services are provided to affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations of justice, including a draft law that provides the lawyers for their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, acting in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the secretariats of the Pacific Islands, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their findings, the participants emphasized particular importance of coordination in order to avoid duplication of efforts.
A useful initiative is also a useful initiative.
Delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and departments concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from experience, then to be followed by the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it would join the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department also provides that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/12 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) A joint information of information between the bodies to respect the laws in areas of areas and border areas; activities of border control and customs control;
This form of integration was stressed in the commitments made by participants in the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Board of Internal Oversight Services oversees the economic activity of the State institutions, the use and preservation of the funds of the State by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of the State of the State of the State, as well as the economic activities of the State of the State, as well as the economic activities of the State of the State.
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the President of the Security Council, which is contained,
If necessary, it would also provide the follow-up to operational issues, financial, financial and financial issues.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Earmament”.
Those who have been responsible and acts of crimes must be prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nanor Duarte Fulos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded with 27 States to bilateral extradition treaties, which included the acts of terrorist acts such as offences, and reported that more than more than 450 terrorists suspects were perpetrated under these treaties.
Such activities are currently carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on drafting legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency to Haiti, and with the OSCE.
Information-raising campaigns
The Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Department of Foreign Affairs of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed proposal for the site.
This meeting has offered a useful opportunity to exchange views between the Department of Public Information Services working at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as several meetings of outside outside the concept of the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that are available by the Office of the Spokesperson for the list of press papers, official statements, events and information meetings.
Anyone who have been used or other who are eligible for livestock, without authorization of its owners, or to the villages of their owners, which can help the villages of the villages, as well as to the other people, are punishable by a total of 6 to 18 months.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional category and higher staff in several sections of the budget, 16 19 and 22) were higher than the estimated rates in the budget, which is particularly due to delays for recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, rehabilitation and temporary equipment for high-level posts (A/58/558, para.
In the context of the Criminal Code, it is intended that “the claim” to request a third party to take a act, which is not punishable by law.
There are a number of criminal norms for terrorist acts and financing (see annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Law to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence and ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the provision of housing in the case of a family, and to facilitate the provision of the housing of housing and the prohibitions to contact the housing of housing and the prohibitions to contact the housing of domestic housing and the prohibitions to contact the housing of housing and the prohibitions to contact, and also, also, a general right for housing for housing, as well as a general right to housing for housing if violent acts were committed.
This is not applicable if the person was granted to the Federal Service of the Employment of the Employment, which is due to leave maternity allowances or prior to the beginning of children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has been paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not been undermined.
• In addition, in the increasing number of divorces, women may have no longer on the retirement pension;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government's Plan of Action provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the use of the data in the police of the police and in order to ensure a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the second World Congress on Sexual Sexual Exploitation of Children, in December 2001 in Yokohama, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of children's sexual exploitation and many measures were taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornography involving children on the Internet.
- offenders, which is different to be used;
6.4 Judicial procedures in the Alow Territories committed against sexual violence
The regulations on the right of detention and the right of visit to the right of custody is not entitled to the right of detention to parents.
- For the Office of the National Women for Gender Equality, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (S);
- For all of the law of land and local authorities, as well as all other legal persons submitted to the supervision of the free State of the Law of the Law, to work for the equal participation of women and men (Section 15 of the Law Act on the Advancement of Women (S.g.FFFFF) in the date of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Ministry of Environment (S.g.GVV), p.
Social assistance, armed commitment
G. Gichich is entitled “unitttttttttttttttttttttttungungungungungchchchchchchchung, Lnnnrungung de lannnnttungungungungung
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly more serious, in the past time, is the implementation of the road map prepared by the Quartet, as it was said, in the Declaration of the Quartet in its last meeting in New York.
The question that we look into account the fragility of the situation and the importance of a comprehensive peace agreement for all the region in the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided to be held at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the two years, the debate on the annual theme, would focus on the next year of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should be able to locate and monitor weapons of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to acts of violence and their fundamental human rights.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Mohamed Chambas
In addition, the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel of the scope of the study, the rationale that the staff of international organizations are not excluded.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 50
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not be able to do so and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/22 entitled “Measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join the previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General of his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields and related areas” (A/58/359).
The policy plan and national strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also important to associate local governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road security policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/540) and to establish a informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss a peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or to be short shortly.
When the Security Council will be able to play a positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the end of war and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of peace and regional security, the international community may without no doubt to invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, however, is the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can use external intervention to help in their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of judicial remedies.
(a) To take measures to protect students against violence, damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish the mechanisms of complaints to children, and to investigate systematic surveys on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is considering the system of the responsibilities of the responsibilities of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-President, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on the draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission.
After cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as each part of a armed conflict, and in turn, withdraw or destroyed the explosive remnants of war in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization of Cooperation and Economic Development and other organizations working in the field of law and policy policy, and in particular the commitment to the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awa
The deployment of UNOCI was conducted in a satisfactory manner, a first of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy of communication was under way in preparing the World Summit on the Information Society of the Information Society in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The United Nations system of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a very important number of experience and lessons learned to be able to confirm the positive results and avoid the problems that had not arisen in the future.
The work started in May 2000 and the document was circulated to the month of November and the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
In South Africa, Burundi, Algeria, Iceland, Peru*, Peru*, Finland, Austria, Bangladesh*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece, Greece, Peru, Peru, Romania, Romania, Romania, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia, Russian Federation, Sweden
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties do not mean “the way to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines who kill or maimed hundreds of persons each week, in most of the innocent civilians and without, in particular, the victims of refugees and internally displaced persons in the Territory, and other serious consequences for the years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for their efforts in my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzzkidzeidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Romzikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Romz-Morey, and the whole of the secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It is in this context that the close links between the air defence systems and small arms systems were discussed.
We call upon the forces of the coalition coalition to achieve this goal and to strengthen coordination with the bodies and international institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of a international fund for the higher financial education in the aim of providing assistance, immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the appeal made by the Secretary-General for a successful settlement of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will be based on the extent of objectivity of our approach and real confidence-building.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries had not been reduced in a positive manner.
I strongly believe that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of the opinion that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of no United Nations country countries.
Mr. PETÖZZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the group was supportive for this idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally linked to reservations from the States of nuclear weapons.
Mr. SANDD (Netherlands): Mr. President, even though the present meeting is already the last of you, I believe that you is the first time that I take the floor on your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, the human resources and institutions, to be able to find solutions to their problems;
The Commission is considering and approve the financial statements and reports of the audit of these statements to the Committee on the budget and Finance Committee, with comments to the Committee.
Members of the Council also have before it document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to stress that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that national demining strategies have been established in order to ensure an effective process of decision-making measures for short-term priorities, as well as in terms.
Thirdly, Lebanon was based on the Lebanese Government of Demining, and established the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab System Centre for Action for the United Nations Mine Action.
We can achieve a protocol that would be issued in annex to the Convention and should take into account the security interests of the country in all countries to eradicate the former mines, which, as new destruction, destroy lives and property and impede the efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Fund's contribution to the Fund amounted to only $4, billion billion, while the estimated amount of expenditure is estimated at 10.5 billion per year for effective implementation of prevention programmes, treatment, care and support.
Field offices
The Financial Regulations of the United Nations Development Programme
In order to address items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (E) of racism and racial discrimination, 116 (Right to the peoples of the peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will take a dialogue between its members and rapporteurs and special rapporteurs to report their activities.
The world today today is almost 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that the need to respect human rights were not important, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee endorses the decision and set up on 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the term of Palestinian claims “C”.
Considering that domestic violence against women is responsible in the rights of the person,
Because of their legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a arbitrary and dangerous measure.
Why are those agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender equality issues.
(b) General Assembly resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992, entitled “Financing for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, the General Assembly resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1997 entitled “Financing for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Financing for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Financing of the United Nations sanctions imposed by the United Nations,
The development and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue should take into account the fact that there is no example, in reality, a single option for democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General stated that the important importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should be allocated to the universal institution of all and not merely one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Advancement of Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the benefit of children of the World Bank, Japan, which is more than a culture of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the final document of the World Food Summit, five years after which has renewed the commitment to eradicate hunger,
Emphasizing the need for the establishment of the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export revenues, thereby, in order to increase their economic growth and in the integration of the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Ahtisaari for the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia to be held from 4 December 2003, for the duration of the term of office of Mr. David Hunt, who was until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations is pleased to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could be used in the regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a party of its activities and to break the deadlock in which it has since three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Territory of the Organization of American States, United Nations Convention on Diplomatic Affairs, United Nations Declaration on the Diplomatic Declaration.
The effects of our impact are beyond borders and is why international cooperation is indispensable.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well as and translated into account.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to undertake, for the period of 1 July to 31 October 2003, the costs of a amount of $1 million dollars will be financed by the unencumbered balance of the proposed balance in the Special Force for the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will consider two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to employment.
The use of these findings would be flexible, optional, and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishing a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider a exchange between groups of the Asian countries, developing countries and countries in transition.
The Committee also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the ECAP, and the efforts of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that this Party considers more appropriate in the case;
Fifth instalment claims “A”
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen efforts in the national plan with regard to the national level.
Ms. Molaroni (Saint Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, in practice, the Internet is a unique tool to promote human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet has not been a unique tool to promote human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet did not have positive implications on human rights, which explains the current debate on the rules of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on the principles of guiding principles, it is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Kengman, School of Public and International Affairs, University of Philtonton, Mr. Jagagh, Minister of the Central American and Social Dialogue, the Director of the United Kingdom of America for the Inter-American Dialogue, and Mr. Jean. Jean Pierre Oopo, Director of the United Kingdom of America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oopenogo, League of Trade of Burkina Faso.
Information on workshops and training courses on the fight against crime prevention
In addition, it is clear that macroeconomic and structural reforms are required in the framework of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
It is why the need to consider new solutions to increase the financial liquidity when it is necessary, by various ways, including the temporary provision of special rights of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty will be able to recall the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, chaired each year, is now the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan's governmental agencies are obliged to recognize that women are a important part of the population that they are working and must therefore develop and continue to administer appropriate services to the specific needs of women and those of men.
This is mainly attributable to the development of primary education and the fact that schools will better improve their students.
National multi-stakeholder teams have been responsible to address the threat of more serious concern of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another study on the participation of women in the financial decisions, 27 per cent of women interviewed stated that they were not involved in the decisions relating to financial loans, while 14 per cent had taken decisions in joint decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of the staff of the public sector in a number of countries, with advice to the request, on the reform of the public service.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for the losses of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait,
The Committee considers that it is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which includes similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General, paragraph 71 of the report of E2(1111 and in paragraph 89 of the report of E2(3).
Report E2(3), paragraph 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 Agenda on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Act on Extradition, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if these acts are regarded as political crimes, can be granted.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General, we recall that the situation in Iraq is a result of the challenges that are real challenges and that we need to take place to all parties, and now to the international community, and the international community must urge the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to thank my Government to renew its deep appreciation to the mission of the Council and to the Council in its entirety for its willingness to find responses to complex issues that we face our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programme and other mechanisms for coordination of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme of 10 months ago, including 5 months in Madrid and 4 months and a half of integrated education in developing countries in developing countries, is also expected.
These groups are the young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in male-dominated professions, the most than 45 years, the age of unemployment, for 6 months or workers, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same way under a contract or determined prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the average consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement of the situation is, however, among women (35, 5 per cent of the long-term age of the age of the age of men (from the age of men) and men (55 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and that the most well-being and more than the most than the world.
This meeting is the first official meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full achievement of the Council will be ready to meet.
We are working to engage in all initiatives to ensure that international agreements in this area.
These areas are often linked to non-discrimination zones.
Activities for the request
- More than 150 houses or apartments (at total of 2300,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United States accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model model for analysis and evaluation of feasibility studies (NAD);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programming framework and strategic directions of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as the thematic initiatives that the latter has taken into particular, inter alia, the facilitation of trade, development of rural energy in productive development and rehabilitation and reconstruction in the crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural factors, and social and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of organic treatment in the global level,
In view of the essence of the title of the item, the Commission decided to continue to take a summary of the work that the topic is subject to “E”” and to extend any formal change.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the necessary requirements (before recosting): $1,500 dollars (before recosting): $1,740,200)
The Commission requested the Government of the Government to report that the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws, in order to include the principle enshrined in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants at the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi institutions, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi staff.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of major benefits to the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has increased almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working for programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Minister for Defence and Security, in September, will finalize the creation of the Government of National Reconciliation and to eradicate a significant obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution states that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the Government of the Government.
Beyond what we are divided, we have, in turn to these threats, a collective responsibility, as a collective responsibility of the international community.
We have initiated consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the programme “for food-for-food” that would provide the continued return of humanitarian supplies, including food and medication in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be considered by my authorities, we support the right to express our views on the programme as this year.
If a Party considered that it could require assistance for methyl bromide for the ground of methyl bromide, it could be noted in the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work through consensus
(i) 68 tons tonnes in 2004;
All peacekeeping operations should be held on the basis of this purpose, exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide Parties in accordance with article 5, paragraph 1, of financial and technical cooperation, in order to ensure that the regulatory measures set forth in articles 2A to 2 of the Montreal Protocol and article 2(I and other terms of regulations set out in articles 2.2 of the Protocol.
The law of law enforcement services also participated in training programmes.
Some States said also to be used by the telephone, e-mail and postal services.
(3) The State party seeks to carry out a interim measure or protection to monitor the jurisdiction of the State of any cancellation, suspension or amendment.
Proposals to improve the wording of the text in square brackets have been made, including the jurisdiction of the court to suspend the procedure until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or even until all parties have been duly investigated.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of economic and social development programmes,
The development and introduction of information technologies, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment assistance to strengthen capacity-building providers, - or to create such capacities — could require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar text is expected to be provided in the United Kingdom, where consumers is based on the contract, unless a competent court to deal with disputes relating to the contract under the contract is not subject to the request of the services provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to end 2002.
Procedure
It is clear that the calculations have been made on the basis of a exchange rate of $89 Euro-United States dollars.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and seventeenth sessions and, if necessary, for subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward briefed the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Social Law School (March 2003): Professor, Robert F.C. Tuvalu to provide association with Professor Wulamanman, on the basis of the various national and international approaches to justice, and also held a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members of Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as a entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “Climate climate change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the realization of the activities referred to in the framework of the implementation of a effective and effective implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to the decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective measures to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in annex 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the support of financial assistance and others to the programme of the Government of Austria, the law of the Oyy and the city of Grazz (Austria), the Department of Geography of the University of Stockholm, the University of the United Nations Institute of Higher Studies and the Agency of International Cooperation for Development.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there is a great number of people infected with the disease.
This project has focused on the Director-General's Steering Committee, as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate could link the work of each Committee, a better means could be made by the General Assembly in the plenary session for consideration by the two commissions;
This important task has been possible, among others, as well as the persistence of the Committee, through its subcommittees and its experts.
In cases of the dissolution of the marriage, the woman has also been entitled to the time for the duration of the time to be obtained in the period for the period of the period, as a result of the amount of a day of maintenance, as a result of the amount of a day of maintenance, which is to be paid by the end of the period, except otherwise agreed between the two parties concerning the amount and modalities of compensation.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget in the 1990s of the 1990 in 1997 to 1997/98:
Post-care care are monitored by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which has regularly conducted inspections to ensure that these institutions comply with regulations.
The State of Kuwait would like to recall that the Constitution, in many its provisions, in the context of equality of a single pillars of the Kuwaiti State, first in the preamble, and in article 7, paragraph 7, which covers various aspects of this principle in the principle of the dignity of human rights, rights and duties.
Effective management will also enhance recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator for the Child
Adviser for the preparation of a programme of programme on Social Justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Women, 1999
Each State Party shall submit to the Conference of the Parties Parties, as it is necessary to provide information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
If the status quo fails to take a perspective, freedom and development of those who have hunger and live in despair, the temptation to the lawlessness and extremism, as a means of way to change change, become more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Bulgaria, Mr. Tzzv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties that will be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Statements and declarations
Rapporteur: I destroyedqq H. Andzi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in promoting the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal norms in the context of international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In cases where a special debate would be decided, on the basis of human rights and to take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This case is not to be confused.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of the recommendations made at the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution to the time of resolution 200291 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i), (ii), (ii) and (iii) and (iii) of the agenda, including the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, in view of the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
As at the centre of East Timor in Iran, it was a centre of technology for the development of human resources for the purpose of the land and development of the land and development of the agricultural crops.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked for the State party to conduct a national investigation on health and to consider the findings of the present periodic report.
Consequently, the duty of the right to protect the world is also the world.
- The two sites of the two sites can be used by appropriate means;
Some observers have made a significant increase in the demand for the demand of the United States that the United States is now implementing Iraq's oil oil.
It is essential to provide new guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries in order to enable the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to gather about 3.5 million euros that have allowed the work on the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are responsible for UNICEF staff (at half of women), which has a woman for a facility.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives of the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of a additional office in Brussels has not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has been able to carry out the objectives set out by the Organization in 1990 for gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, States members of the Commission shall continue to continue and have been characterized by the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be used to combat any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demation of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex VI of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the discussion on coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan has made the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect the determination and Thailand is proud of a sponsor.
(g) To provide, in conformity with the procedures of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990), and in the light of the recommendations made by the Office of the United Nations Programme for Iraq, the funds provided by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, in accordance with paragraph 8 (a) and (c) of resolution 986 (1995), as well as, in accordance with the provisions of the Office of the United Nations Programme for Iraq, the funds provided by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 8 (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in order to carry out the tasks entrusted to paragraph (d);
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The programme related to the work of the Working Group on the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would have no impact on the basis of the draft resolution.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Bureau, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international organizations associated with the United Nations” and to allocate the Commission on Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussion at the session of the Commission, the secretariat established a thematic note entitled “Colidos-up for action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right of voting to be held by States member;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council has expressed its concern to the continuing security of the regional instability of instability and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, the recommendations on ways to combat these problems in the subregional and cross-border zones, focusing on more emphasis on the coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of intergovernmental contacts between the parties and have sought to normalize their relations through a political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government of the Government shall submit for all draft laws.
It is hoped that it would be able to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, especially as the document issued in 1991 to the World Summit on Children and the Final Document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second objective of the Millennium Development Goals, the Government, in 1996, established a free basis of free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the rate of school attendance.
In order to avoid such a incident, it is imperative for States parties to present the present meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it was requested, and to provide support for the humanitarian challenges and development of the border.
It may be able to acquire or acquire real property or property in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, on 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the Kodori Valley remained calm, without serious violation of the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000
Report submitted pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council
States may know that the indicators of the right to health, which will include different aspects of the right to health, and in turn to the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that the pre-trial detention of a person detained or detained may be used in the acts of article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights shall apply to any private person of its liberty under law and authority of State and the State of State, who is detained in prison, a hospital hospital, in particular, a hospital hospital, a centre of detention, a centre of recovery or other places.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its impact.
Thirty-eighth session**
(d) Continue cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising awareness of the public community to the importance of measures aimed at addressing the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
In some States of traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report the measures adopted to ensure more effective access to family planning services, in particular, and sexual health and health care.
For example, in article V stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights of the rights in general general, moral, spiritual, cultural, cultural and social rights and the fact that most of the rights of children, far not be imposed from outside outside outside outside outside the local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, including the last meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by the heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, by which they are committed to eradicate poverty and in particular to reduce poverty, by 2015, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one year and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government was limited to six years of work for foreign workers, to ensure that more than 500 women are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt international human rights standards, particularly in relation to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of resolution 56/119 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on the basis of all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and its subsidiary bodies and to participate, without a vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “in energy and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat crime prevention;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other Governments concerned to participate in the regional meeting of the National Drug Trafficking Control Plan, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources to the regional meeting to be convened by the General Assembly in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987,
(a) Partnerships are initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee could take on the issue.
Decides to submit this report to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and will be possible at its first meeting:
A alternate or a adviser may act as representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and the amendments adopted by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or the Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explanation of the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
It stated that its organization supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities in the field of persistent organic pollutants, including the identification and identification of the new environmental practices and workshops on the management of industry, which had been held in Brazil, China, China and India, and other workshops were planned in the area of progress.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates dozens of dozens of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries that would be used by the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective control of border controls, in accordance with a reliable assessment method.
The victim noted that the comparative studies of the problem is more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal in the Journal room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission composed of the IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Director of the Commission, held in Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. H. H. Al-Sadad, adviser to the President, to discuss the members of the Secretary-General, to discuss the additional logistical arrangements and resettlement of the inspectors of the Mission in Baghdad.
The Agenda website of 21 for Sport and Environment is www.unep/org/c/c/c_vvv.
The main experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi showed that there are opportunities for strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is a result of the Doha in Doha where the major countries between trade exchanges had refused to provide concessions to the development issues.
Switzerland has a priority priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without delay.
“The internal and external closures, the increase of curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in a new deterioration of economic and economic indicators and poverty among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individual and collective responsibility, the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be necessary to cover the payment of the payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance is extended beyond the biennium during the period of the biennium, with the view that the Secretary-General would request the proposed budget for each biennium of the biennium for the basis of the current period, to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, need to take effective measures to address the problems of social and human rights that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, movement and social inequality among peoples of developing countries and countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
In course, it remains vital that each of us continues to work in the coming years.
Mr. Shaboma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The question of control is becoming more important at the regional level and the international level, and an effective verification, as necessary to ensure security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already been interested — and in addition to a opportunity for the weapons of nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 2002/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
With regard to US$0005,000, 250 million are planned for the offer of the support of ICAO.
Modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of liaison and the Protocol Liaison Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial triennial review of operational activities of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important that the use of funds is lawful or illegal, only the act of the collection and purpose.
The report of Braleyley indicated that all its resolution adopted to address the needs of any of the options will be held at least one year.
Geneva and ESPNNOL
“terrorist terrorism — to cause a explosion or to launch a bomb or to commit a attack or to commit any other acts that are protected to the society, a culture of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or by international organizations, or to threaten a threat to such acts in the same manner”.
Women remains mainly in the short-term positions and low levels.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their active participation, together with their commitment and their leadership, explains a great contribution in the success of the Special Committee's work.
It is, as the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations, the end of negotiations marks the first time of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949,
The draft resolution, entitled “Report of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of developing countries and to establish a new global framework for cooperation in transit transport between developing countries and transit, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have now been pleased to submit the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the decision of the European Union to establish a competitive support for peace support to support the establishment of the African African Development Mechanism and the implementation of peace-building initiatives by the African Union.
The right of the truth of the truth on developments is essential to prevent the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and to make credibility.
Services services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information on the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in order to understand that the success or failure in this area, if there is no doubt that it could not mean the closure or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department had already taken steps to address questions, such as the presentation of all United Nations information centres, which is based on the activities of the United Nations High Commissioner for a annual plan, which is based on a promising message.
In order to plan and carry out additional adjustments, we have been expected to review some of our priorities and we would be able to reduce resources in the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been developed in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their work in its work work, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These these products have a low value of added value.
The LDCs on commodity commodities were faced to a challenge to address, since the prices of exports had significantly decreased in real value.
Developing development strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors include technical assistance related to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the troop-contributing countries to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Romania and Turkey, as well as Cyprus, Malta, Poland, Poland, Poland, Romania, Romania and Turkey, said that the coherence of the Board of Representatives of other institutions and agencies were positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNIS) assisted the Group of Action to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its efforts and facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Group has established a database database on the Internet, which includes the guidance of policymakers and managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, in the limited resources available, financial and administrative means to ensure the functioning of the Inter-Agency Secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme for its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a representative of the Security Council to the Transitional Transitional Authority in the implementation of free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide of women's women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as criminal status, marriage, the right of the security, the right of succession, health and reproductive health, the right of succession, health and reproductive rights, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, H.E. Mr. Nana Ako/ga.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues on the possibility of the Organization of the United Nations serving the authority of monitoring authority established by the draft protocol;
Requests the forces of ECOWAS and the French forces, in implementing their mandate in accordance with resolution 14694 (2003) to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to continue to report on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under document S/2003/57.
The Republic of Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans to strengthen their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/25, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the conference services, without the note made by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in cases of late submission of a report to conference services.
The Act on International Trade Unions (International Trade Law Act) provides for the elimination of the measures assigned to the holder and, where those actions have already been made, they have been reported and their replacement of actions.
These services include the direction and implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including the financial services in the area of international trade companies, and the provision of service services for companies in international trade companies, the provision of service services and staff services in international trade companies, as well as the provision of service services and liaison services in international trade law, and the provision of services of staff and liaison services under the Act of the Companies Act of the Companies Act of the Companies Act of the Companies Act, which are prohibited by the Act of the Companies Act of the Companies Act of the Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative arrangements to include certain persons in a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop has been beneficial.
For example, the Section has provided advice on the rules of implementation in the case of projects executed by national entities, through the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 5 offices, the monitoring of operations and interference was not implemented.
The return of information has also been aware of the importance of the importance of planning of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their staff enforcement officers to use the same format of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities in the period frames.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The requirements could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letter dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006306, S/23307, S/2330 and S5117)
The information that organizations should be able to ensure and make efforts to be made, including the accounting budget for the five years of previous years; the internal situation and present identity of other clients.
Also reaffirms that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing a equitable basis, on geographical basis, as possible, all of the bidders, as appropriate, procurement or equipment;
Mr. Negopon (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of “Q recovery and reconstruction”, it was difficult to deal with a serious emergency situation in facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped funding projects, training and health, as well as programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the payment of payment, it was not informed to inform the samples of the funds of the benefits that would be used by the official system of the United Nations system in the various fields of security and the speed of transfers.
• Implementation of the fair and expeditious judgement of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clear changes for human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, a greater increase of the specialized agencies and technical agencies in the operation of the system was considered by Member States as a positive measure.
In the light of armed conflicts and civilians in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in the past recent years of African countries that has the highest refugee of refugees.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary provisions to ensure the translation, in the Arabic language, the present resolution, accompanied by a note of appropriate information, as well as the dissemination of the text in the country, through the staff of Human Rights officials for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have initiated special programmes to address risk groups, particularly drug users that exploit drugs, to reduce the risk of diseases of infectious diseases as well as HIV immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Discussion
It was estimated that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that the Member States would ensure that the non-nuclear-weapon States would continue to receive documents in a appropriate form.
The addition of the first sentence “Support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7 bis (e), was contested because the Second Committee had not yet reached a consensus on the issue.
Some members proposed that the publication should be available rather than free.
The consultations by the Council with the members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The investigation on the cause of damage may also be prolonged, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves, which have been conducted in the investigation and taking a number of time for their findings.
In the framework of the draft amendment to the Law Act No. 1015 entitled that, in the context of the draft article No. 1015 entitled that it is a result of the scope of the application of the application of the application of the Convention, the United Nations system, in the context of the draft article No. 1015 entitled to the use of the application of the application of the State, the trade of e-mail, the trade of e-mail, the trade and precious metals of the United Nations, in the context of the draft article 11 (a) of the text of the application of the application of the application of the Convention, in the context of the article 11 (a) of the text of the Convention.
It is important for the Commission's attention to its attention.
It also reaffirms its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society, as a strategic partnership in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women's responsibilities and family responsibilities, in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who are three children or more than 16 years, or two children and more than 16 years, or two children and more than 16 years, receive a day of additional leave by week, paid by a average of average leave, paid by a average monthly wage.
The relationship between reproductive rights and family law is clearly a direct measure of the enjoyment of the human rights rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family, and work was the most important way for the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology technology activities is primarily aimed at promoting partnerships and economic ties (such as technology transfer, sub-contracts, marketing, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services to increase energy efficiency, with the training of staff to the DNP and PNPP and the identification and implementation of projects for technical cooperation projects to finance the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
It is still ready to provide the Commission on any additional information that could wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It examines the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, in particular in particular the links between evaluations, knowledge of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC has begun to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,674,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities on all territory of Liberia and to fulfil their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including for the work of the United Nations Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and the recipient countries to consider, in their programmes and bilateral projects for armed forces, security forces, security forces, police, police and medical personnel, issues relating to human rights protection and prevention of torture, without their gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted a initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Review Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 518 and on the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the secretariat of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
C. Human resources resources
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making process and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit the high-skilled staff in order to provide a more qualified staff in order to ensure a more diversified number of staff and the staffing, in order to ensure that all staff members are physically physically physically, psychological, psychological and psychological personnel as a result of fulfilling their tasks.
• All equipment and other individuals are subject to receipt and inspection before their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters belonging to French, English, Spanish and Russian and the Russian and Chinese language.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in conformity with the fundamental principles of the domestic law, in order to increase transparency of the financing of candidates for a senior office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) The public information of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on the appeals of software and information information on the allocation of markets, sufficient time to be left to the bidders of potential creditors to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidating democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries, as well as other of the same category, is presented in box below below, which is shown how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system, to engage various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “every than weapons”, the Group of 77 was pleased to study with its development partners to encourage such policies in the countries of Africa, to encourage such policies as a direct contribution to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, which would be able to provide full support to the achievement of a reduction of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the ICT technology strategy and communication:
For the time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation of the situation more more and to ensure that our President did not do not.
(e) To ensure the maintenance and strengthening of cooperation and policy support and operational support to the Tribunal by other Governments, such as Governments and non-State entities;
There is also a need for the necessary time for arguments (e.g. they are generally more than two days, depending on the number of accused.
The practice of simultaneous trials is to be given to two cases during consecutive periods, for example, as a result: A five weeks, trials of five weeks, trials of five weeks, including a five weeks, and on the defence of the Defence Court in the trial of a trial permit during the trial trial.
The members of the Chief Executives Board of the United Nations agencies for Coordination Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, including it is a comprehensive document of document and useful in order to revise and adjust political policies in this regard with respect to support support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with this resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 of the activities of the General Assembly, which is also annexed to the Commission or the Assembly.
In addition, it would also welcome the necessary need for freedom of press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities on the need to combat all terrorist hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with General Commission resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar of experts to review the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the past 10 years, the institutions, initiatives, initiatives and international legislation are not involved in the context of the inclusion of the rights of minority rights was an integral part of all democratic developments.
As noted in Guyana on the collective system for peace and security, it is necessary to ensure that the new Council of the reform of the Security Council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the highest importance.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, and also to strengthen the development of the developing countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pjje Singh Singh (India)
(d) Encourages, where States parties agree, the adoption of a transboundary perspective for the sustainable development of mountain partnerships, as well as the exchange of information on this subject;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to implementing the effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Follow-up to the operation of the World Project Organization for the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidelines of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In addition to the volume of the information in Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, it has been highlighted the number of visitors in Russian-speaking.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after the proposal made by the President, the SBI decided to recommend draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), (b), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The production and water of women are among the most important elements and the metal oils (with, zinc and French) are very rare.
In 1990, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperation with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A citizen citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it would not escape.
Under paragraph 1 of article 41, the deprivation of liberty or a threat to freedom is acceptable only to the principles and modalities set out by law.
The issue of Northazzzani and Albani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even though the posts are frozen, they will continue to include the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on the activities that require resources to be allocated to additional funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to changes in exchange rates between the United States dollar, currency in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, currency from the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table TD below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: Peaceful Settlement of disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a principal mechanism, as a principal mechanism, in the context of facilitating, primarily through technical assistance, the voluntary participation of negotiations on the delimitation of maritime boundaries between the Caribbean States, in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate, primarily through technical assistance, the voluntary participation of negotiations in the international boundaries of the Caribbean, and calls upon States and other entities in order to make contributions to those funds;
Also takes note of the regional economic policy of the Pacific Islands, approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Kualava from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the financial resources of bilateral donors in the context of a number of United Nations agencies to improve coherence of technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels have been abducted or threatened to join their provinces have been sent to the death of the front.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to ensure the international law,
Mr. Pecallen Byes, therefore supported the proposal of the review of the item on two years, before the vote of the motion that is not subject to a position or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need for the need for a consensus agreement.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising and public opinion to the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to the development of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Non-expendable property referred to in note 11 of the financial statements were the property of the organization at 31 December 2002, as the encumbered asset.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was referred to in the contract at the time of recruitment, without that the person had been completed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to submit special rapporteurs and the joint mission of the necessary assistance to enable them to fulfil their mandates;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse on the 1980s, indigenous peoples are to be able to do so to implement the implementation and respect of these policies, which are often interpreted as a result of a end.
Global Secretariat Secretariat 35-37 S.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is a result of 16 countries, including the vast majority of OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council has clearly clarified that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as a justification for the rejection of requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To make comments on the future direction of the Partnership and the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision issued in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the requirements of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services (BAP) of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, including the implementation of the decision of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services and the United Nations Office of Field Services, in accordance with the request made in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, which is based on the reduction of the provision of services and equipment in the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, as well as the additional costs under furniture and equipment to replace the equipment of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for the new staff staff, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for new staff staff.
It is the provision of a variety of activities for which the definition of definition and use are also important for most of the marine goods.
In the design, they are able to make a clear definition and aims for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station will be a hospital station, if the technical system would have been changed.
With regard to intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the aspects of intellectual property rights that affect trade (NPIC), the eight developed countries of WTO Parties provide incentives to transfer technology.
Several recommendations submitted to the meeting concerned the actions that it would be possible to undertake at the national level:
The increase of the expenditure and costs in this heading is attributable to the revision of the adjustment rate approved by 1 November 2002 to the new salary rates of the staff and the high-level staff of staff staff for the Professional and higher categories of staff staff for the Professional and higher categories of staff staff for the Professional and higher categories of staff staff for the Professional level, as well as in a increase of the expenditure under the amount of reimbursement of the reimbursement of the Mission.
(a) A new wording read as follows:
Description of the methodology used to identify major sources of reference to the main sources of the United Nations Information Unit on the degree of detailed information II (A$ annex II)
The Parties referred to in Annex I should meet all cases relating to the estimates of specified amounts or removals, data data and emissions.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the topic is concerned to the primary obligations of the State and would require the existence of the existence and conciliation of a legitimate nature and multiple factors”.
It also believes that there is no need to interfere with judicial action for other reasons.
Another question of action in common law shall be governed in the rule of the general mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as that we will assume the heavy burden of candidates to be ignored.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which there are important steps to revitalize the General Assembly and to be guided by the draft resolution that we have adopted.
The procedures vary because the needs are not available.
These have been accompanied by pressure on the purpose of which they must accept amendments or amendments to limit or reduce the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the adherence of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, which calls for a party of the World Trade Organization, in the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/18 and developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the duration of a nine years of nine years, the annual pension allowance is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that have been found that they could be able to identify four claims “E4” claims reported for losses and more than, in view of those stated by the complainant.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, such institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the telecommunications sector.
Globalization's development is also through the deletion of the debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increase resources, as well as increasing participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary transition of the border was opened between Germany to Kosovo and Stzzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the purpose of all local residents.
The movement of minorities also had been hampered by the decision of the Government of the Serbian Government to sign a agreement on the use of Serbia in Kosovo of Kosovo and their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs through UNMIK for the registration of their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against the Proliferation of Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which is that it is a first step in building the establishment of a legal standard in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link the site of the world sites and the ECLAC website on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be held at the time of June 2003 in June 2003, in the event of June 2003, to the fourth regional technical coordination meeting of the United Nations High-Agency Technical Coordination Conference.
The oil oil price has already been a “old war” in the last month of 2002 and exceeded 31 per cent in January 2003.
They will take place to a minimum structural adjustment by the accession to the United States's commitment to the development of the requirements set out in the budgetary deficit, as well as the position of departure, they would be able to apply in this period a structural review of excessive fiscal adjustment, which would have consequences for economic growth.
A. Ahen and al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on domestic autonomy, the power of a foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and any part of this authority may be transferred to the self-sustainment of the Faro Islands.
For example, financial assistance is, for example, for the cost costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of projects for integration.
The International Social Council of 1989 provides the right to use collective action in conflict conflict situations, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to comply with national regulations and common agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of people in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have led to new instruments and new standards for protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a key role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-Parliamentary Cooperation: the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou (Benin), in 2000, in 2000, in the context of the various elements proposed by the Special Representative in the United Nations Joint League of Action.
The presence of the United Nations, where that is in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, drew a constructive opportunity, particularly within non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 and 150
It is also its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and the protection mechanisms of human rights, including through the adoption of the adoption of a gender-based strategy on gender equality.
I, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established the commissions or police teams.
Recommendations on debt subsidies
In accordance with the provisions applicable to the consultations with non-governmental organizations in general consultative status, the Council had approved its resolution 1996/31, the organizations approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations of the United Nations, in accordance with the support of their activities, including the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of ACABQ (see A/C.5/57/SR.2), UNFPA has been initiated in 2002 a series of activities that are carried out in the framework of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects to streamline its activities, to improve its activities, to improve its activities and to make more effective implementation.
Support for women's issues were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs of Women's ability to implement national policy on gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/27 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs accounted for a key aspect of the services of the services, and often even the major enterprises of developing countries in a global scale.
In the field of statistics, it was necessary to encourage data collection, as well as work on a assessment of the social implications and impact on development of services.
The assistance was particularly important that African countries continued in parallel negotiations with the European Union in order to conclude economic cooperation agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the work of technical authentication
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary steps and appropriate to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Action by action
Announcements
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of a common approach to a common approach, in particular on a common basis that could be included in a international instrument of binding force;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution is entitled (a) under subprogramme 3 (Sustainable development and codification of international law) of agenda item 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8 (Economic affairs) and 2 (b), General Assembly affairs and conference services) for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning that is not intended to break the fact that it creates a human life for the destruction of a human life in order to produce a human lives in order to produce the cells of a single-based cells or other experiences.
There is a need to discuss, and it appears that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all other others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information technologies and communication and communication, including the elimination of the “nnnms”, would improve transit transport and would allow countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. Mooo (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for the report of the Council on 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Preparation of the Plan of Action to the United Nations system at the United Nations system to Combat drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action on Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern about the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, taking its concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in their own countries, and urges the international community, in the leadership of the United Nations system, to contribute generously to the projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must benefit for all.
Last recently, in February 2003, two radio-based management stations, high-B-B-B-B-Bet (DPDP) and Shilek (DP/2007), was reported by the Technical Secretariat; the construction of a command-to-free command station (NN16) to Yowkkk was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a General-General of General Service and the transparency that characterized the new appointments for management positions.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America proposed a amendment to the draft resolution pursuant to paragraph 6 (g) of the proposed text as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact (and negative and negative effects) on the right to food of the population of another country (for example in the context of agricultural products).
In terms of article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminal offences and to complete their criminal intentions will benefit from one.
At the long term, a legal framework for the time flexible and effective security measures could be a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of the Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and to you, for the realization of the rights of the human rights.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first framework of cooperation of the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, to facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will take place for the development of a national development plan, which will be based on health, the population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In the Ministry of the Ministry, the Government of State has been responsible for the promotion of women and women's participation in development, as a result of the commitment of the Government of the Government to devote special attention to women's issues, in the Congo, all the United Nations Secretariat, to participate in the meetings of the Ministers of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the Working Group's Working Group and other countries for the initiatives taken by LDCs in the area of access to markets, which was required to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded the year year on a successful fund balance, in line with the regular budget, which would be able to be expected to meet the estimates.
B. B. B.
Peacekeeping.
We have now developed food, water and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially the floods, contribute to the deterioration of habitats and to reduce resources in the subregion in East Asia.
In the course of their daily work, women are the primary protection of forests and is therefore that it depends on the sustainability of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established a interdepartmental working group for the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up to the implementation of terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the sponsors of a technical error.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of the association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of Belarus intends to advance this process during the past few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a opinion, the criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and the creditors of secured creditors was the concept of “the normal standard of”.
The Working Group of the Medium-term plan and the programme budget will have before each year of a comprehensive study on technical cooperation programme.
The problem of cotton was crucial, and the difficulties of African producers should be considered to be a matter of a view to more moral and economic.
The Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb the progress of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the objectives of the Declaration of Commitment through national, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is at all parents, which are better able to guide children, the duty to guide children, to raise in a healthy environment, with their view to the right of the duty, integrity, accountability, democracy, democracy and service for others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the West Bank, South-East Asia and in the South-East region.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force during time of time, as in the case of sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules on the preparation of reports may not be effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects to improve the capacity of East Timor in the two areas, in addition to its ability to address civilians.
Moreover, the Government is considering ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police force to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the campaigns and in the area of the mediation line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to do whether they wish to participate in the work of this new team and to provide the Office of Outer Space Affairs to provide the focal contact to that effect.
The Czech Criminal Act in a certain measure of behaviour in this article but the penalties must be changed.
Indeed, as in urban areas, female illiteracy campaigns with extreme poverty and work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12
A number of countries of African countries have taken steps to promote foreign direct investment to developing countries.
The Panel comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee had reviewed the item without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address them.
They support the military activities of the United States on their territory, as they would not forget their own history; they knew that the vulnerability and knowledge of the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October October 2001, www.adid.gov/commerce.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 for income and expenditure, and the implementation of the new budget review, also provide good opportunities for the financial plan and the budget budget.
General
Table IV shows the changes that it is proposed for the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of the appropriation.
The summary table provides that the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the biennium, and for the biennium.
Table 7
A summary of the progress made by the country of Central America on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the date, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/384 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth-seventh Summit to Cpcoco (Peru), 19 members of the Group adopted the draft Copco, Programme of Strategic Action, the Global Plan of Action, the Global Plan of Action, and on the basis of the promotion of democratic governance, cultural identity and foreign relations, as well as the promotion of a international trading system and equitable.
The enormous efforts of reconstruction in the region are continuing with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 3, 17, 17 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 25 and 27 September; 3, 3, 7, 8, 14, 14, 14, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 14, 14, 14, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 14, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 14, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 14, 14, 14, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19 and 24 of 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 13, 19 and 30 July 2003,
UNMOVIC also had contacts with Governments in the field of export control, particularly in ways to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for a appropriate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and the legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent study of the Chief Executives Board of the United Nations System Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in the United Nations system.
On the basis of regional development partnerships, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully completely or mainly on renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the world can be accompanied by the fact that transparency and confidence-building can be found.
In this sense, the experience of bilateral democracies is very valuable.
At the same time, no opportunity to speak in the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Congolese people to their families.
We can find a victory when these attacks will be held, since they turn to the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons to organizations of organizations, such as the nature of their actions.
I wish to express our success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited or designated under the Council.
This is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the Secretariat, to carry out the tasks and difficult tasks that had been fulfilled.
Review of the United Nations system
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and in April 2001, the Committee considered 12 reports that had been submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to reiterate the names of the two countries among Asian States to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Progress in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future future.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were most important importance for the economy of the Group of Experts.
FDI could play a key role in economic growth and developing countries.
States
For the most hand, the delegation of Monaco endorsed all suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which is beyond the control of the State and other tax controls, was a significant step in the economy of many developing countries.
Special Committee of the Child
The joint programme would enable States to conduct a more comprehensive perspective of the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology in the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Paris Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Advancement of Science and Technology in South (October 2002).
It should be noted in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the industry, new new vehicles have been able to guide the guide and, as well as other facilities were not followed on their example, a normalization of the demarcation of a claim still.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of peace and security and international security.
Vocational training and employment creation should enable cities to maximize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14-6 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food has a introductory statement.
Even though the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems, and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is important to achieve the realization of this goal, in the framework of the United Nations, in order to achieve a decisive step towards peace in this region.
It should also be noted that a better improvement of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The Office of New York of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States shall be obliged to freeze any delay and their mandates, and to ensure that their nationals and their mandates, and to ensure that their nationals and their mandates, and in order to ensure that their nationals and their mandates in their territory could not provide funds, assets or resources, or indirectly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Almost the federal services responsible for enforcement and suppression of offences have contributed to the activities of providing basic training, and in all areas of financial crime.
Network for Enforcement and Punishment of International Criminal Offences (A Crimes” - 1996
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Law Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of financing and funding of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they have not been able to serve as a mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they have indicated in all parts of the United Nations, including the immediate use of human rights, including the immediate use of human rights, including the immediate use of human rights, including the end of the recruitment of children, including the end of the recruitment of children, including the end of the recruitment of children, including the end of recruitment of children, and the holding of investigation in human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term plan and budget programme on its fortieth session (15-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not implemented in a general manner and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them are difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (2) of the criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) as a result of the questionnaire of the Intergovernmental Panel on the Application of the Sea on the Law of the Sea, on the International Law of the Sea, and received replies to the revised questionnaire of the Guidelines on the practices of States in the area of science and research, and the transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As soon as to the Conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community in development.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly would submit the Secretary-General to submit a report of annual activities on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civilian war that had devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out this programme of the political and external situation to combat poverty without support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on privatization.
(b) To continue to provide to the Secretary-General, for time for the General Assembly to take into consideration at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand the participation of the integrated reporting system, including amendments to its content and structure;
The difficulty to decide at the outset if the debtor should be subject to a liquidation procedure rather than recovery, which has led some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “in””.
Many who are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in the event of the various dangerous situations.
We attach a high priority in our cooperation with our partners of WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as a means to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532), as well as the report on the first joint session of working groups and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the action that it continues to carry out the conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 missions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will consult on its financial interests and trust, and will make all necessary steps to be informed on the financial interests of its family.
Member States have made some difficulties in the implementation of the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Basic Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen the capacity-building institutions and scientific mechanisms, strengthening human development; identifying the new technologies and applications; and encourage international cooperation to support research in the areas of the areas;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of the FISC (Forum IV) in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Haak-up welcomed the first first stage of the process that led to the establishment of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that, within the Council to the United Nations, it has been a welcome experience.
We appreciate great attention to the determination and belief with respect to your position of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Programme
A draft technical cooperation project for the site of Maputo (Mozambique) is under way and should be completed since 2003.
The system would be self-sufficient by providing the necessary use of the external debt system and by identifying inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a small country with a larger population, but 2.2.3 million people are threatened by hunger.
I have not always been able to understand why it is difficult to accept this situation.
4.1 2.8 The Secretary-General may provide additional proposals for the programme budget for each time.
Article 4.5 is established for the Fund's Fund for Peacekeeping Operations as facilitated as a cash fund to the United Nations to respond promptly during the start phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance the costs of the financial and extraordinary costs of peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide reimbursement of costs of expenditure.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it would be preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide property or to be used to a symbolic price in another other intergovernmental organization, with a public organization or another organization to non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the amount of loss of cash losses, goods and other assets, as well as the need to submit to the Board of Auditors, as well as the accounts, as well as the accounts, a copy of all of all are received off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
There is no need to impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the pace considered by States in the process.
Otherwise, the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, it met with the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and the victims of sexual violations, and also visited the prison and the cys.
The cost of the solution of the region will be evaluated at 985671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and the chairpersons of working groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the United Nations system bodies, and the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations system, and the Special Rapporteur of the League of Action, and the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations system, the Special Rapporteur and the chairpersons of the working groups of the Commission on Human Rights, and the Special Rapporteur of the League of Action, and the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations system, the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations system, and the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations system, the Special Rapporteur and the chairpersons of the working groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission.
Why is it?
My second proposal is a general nature, which is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of the transition of those States provide accounts and to implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1465 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role that it was expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, as well as Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It was also committed to ensuring that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and maintain our liberty, which was recognized in resolution 1441 (2002) of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.6
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their programmes and policies, including in a comprehensive follow-up to the United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions of the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session of 2004, and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 2004, as well as the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 2004, a two of the two themes of the debate on coordination and evaluation of implementation, as well as the implementation of the implementation, as well as the implementation of the implementation,
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the reform programmes of IMF.
Chairman: Mr. Kííček (Czech Republic)
The main committee of Mr. Duer can provide the Commission is not unable to take a political approach.
Strengthening the efforts of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, through efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise could be achieved on the issue of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation would like to take this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the European Agreement on 1994 between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopts the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, documentation may be issued in seven days of the receipt of the report or the closure of the session, if it is a whole.
Welcoming the restructuring of the Office of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of work with regard to issues such as education in space and disaster disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of meetings of the annual meetings held by the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent realization of the three objectives of the Convention and to ensure that the implementation of strategies and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for the conservation of biodiversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for developing countries,
The budget should be phased to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the expansion of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two of the word of the word “and” of the word” was in one and the other words replaced by the word “and” and the phrase “the Secretary-General to strengthen its efforts” was replaced by the phrase “the Secretary-General and the heads of the United Nations system of all organizations of the United Nations system to strengthen their efforts;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the problems of the Convention,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations contained by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of the report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on arms traffic in small arms and light weapons in which a discussion was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with General Council resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/11 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress has to enter its initial refusal to support national reparation and that it provides funding and institutional stability for the implementation of the programme.
Chapter I and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed only because they were Serbs and to send all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija and the message that they must be able to move and that there is no opportunity for reconciliation, or to achieve a multi-ethnic society by Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we call on all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, which is responsible for addressing emergency situations in the field.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a end to those violations of the Lebanese airspace and to prevent them and prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation of the session of 2003 to the Committee as set out below.
In this connection the Organization, there will be no zero tolerance against those who encourage intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that the only concern was to ensure that such NGOs do not have their status to the Council in its activities in which the Security Council is able to address the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (at 25th) were held.
The relationship between areas, the balance of work, which is expected to seek, the costs and benefits such as they were received from complex issues.
Angola welcomed the seventh Conference on Trade and Development of oil and gas in May 2003.
If the answer is yes, please describe measures that have been taken.
The persons who are the subject of a analysis of a analysis has also been the right to know that such information is the right of such information, which is in which it is stored and where they have access.
The criteria set out in the Convention on European Commerce are the following: (i) new; (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii) (ii).
2, 17 (b) of the European Agreement on the road map of 13 December 1996, or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of the Association of All Names or who are appointed, the producers of Phonoono and the United Nations Television System of 26 October 1961.
(h) Ensure approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North-east and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent) and 49.1 per cent and 49.1 per cent of 49.3 per cent, the North-West population (from 49.4 per cent), the North-West Bank (from 49.4 per cent) and the Centre (for 50.1 per cent) and the Centre (with 50.1 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights with regard to citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not well known since 1989 and couples were often used by the traditional methods and condoms.
The amount of the amount of the amount of the allocation of school supplies, food supplies, clothing, clothing and other stringent regulations for children, and for the purpose of preventing the drop of school drop, a phenomenon which has taken the extent of the past years in the past few years of the reduction of the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country was not without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the pilot programme of common services of the United Nations Development Group, provided by donors to finance and improve common services to 24 teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on the strategy of poverty reduction strategy.
A representative that a motion of order may be, in his statement, to address the substance of the question in discussion.
(e) The implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, as a result of the implementation of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, the Commission will serve as a forum for the coordination of the discussions at the intergovernmental level in the context of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
C.E. United Nations system
We look forward to you to look forward.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on the commercial trading activities in Liberia in Liberia is in the context of the experiences and the current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In addition, the model model in the extent that the two other of the current system is to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of employment of staff and higher staff
In this regard, the amounts of mobility and hardship is still the same same.
(e) Study on the vacancy of the high level between the United Nations system and the Federal Administration of the United States.
It then noted that each of the loans was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to combat violence by strengthening efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders of businesses were present to the launch of the year year, before the end of the year 2003, the World Compact has become a broad international network in which more than 1,000 companies in the world, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by their respective accounts were reported.
• Rules of reimbursement (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has made a atmosphere of dialogue and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Country visits
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on the work of the Committee on its fortieth session of 10 December 1997, which had been endorsed by the General Assembly, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Committee of the Committee on its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of promoting and protecting cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The World People's Republic of Women, C.C. C.E. C.E. C.E. C.E. C.E. C.E.
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the proliferation of illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and provide measures to mitigate the threat of high priority.
These success have required investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civil Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations referred to the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by the Presidency of the International Republic of Denmark
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of the United Nations Office of Independent Police and the United Nations Police Police Group at 30 June 2002.
H.E. Mr. Lrian B, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
The Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, printed and other other devices, as amended to 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, such as the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to Be May 1996 to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they are set out in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and the results of the results and evaluation of the outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee was not convinced that three additional posts are to be extended to be extended to a military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, taking into account their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account the issues of concern to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 136 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to the right of protection, including such as such-up and military incidents, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, by the United Nations staff, the media representatives, humanitarian personnel, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts made by the Centre for the World Research Centre on History, article and Islamic Islamic Organization (IICEC) in the Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of the information of information on economic and socio-economic development, and calls upon the developing countries to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from the digital divide and to participate actively in the work of the World Summit on the Information and Coordination Society.
CONMMED is all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugees, and the pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity between States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and the whole sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its work programme, including the establishment of the subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prohibition of the nuclear material of fissile material in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to start early the substantive work of a arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30
Resolution No. 7/30E on external debt of African States and other OIC States
RRAIEE's project of 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on the investment of private sector and the role of the project in Member States” in collaboration with the relevant institutions of the OIC and also thank the Republic of Turkey for his appreciation of the workshop.
PDDONON with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
In addition, Member States that have the technical infrastructure for conservation and restoration of the ccctices, to grant scholarships for training officers, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations Declaration on the Declaration on International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope that the Council will receive high attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and to our report, the problems of subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be crucial to avoid that possible conflict could not be taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of diseases, which would require high-skilled personnel, and that are a high risk of illegal or illegal practices.
In the letter of the Secretary-General's letter, the UNCITRAL Group referred to “experations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of a analytical commentary to the Commission”.
The economic and political efforts and implementation of the relevant resolutions of the United Nations called upon the withdrawal of Israeli forces of all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council, the Jordanian Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/16/29 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of persons and entities in the list of the list of goods of goods and entities, and to transfer the transfer of goods of goods or the entities of those entities and entities and to transfer the control of the goods of goods or entities, and to provide to the Department of Customs and the Department of Customs.
Invites States to review and reform where appropriate legislation and practices in order to address 18 years of marriage, or without the consent of parents, or without the consent of parents, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide to the Special Rapporteur all data to be collected from all sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the effects of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 will be complemented by a amount of $200 million (see A/58/214, para.
Each sub-PAS system is adapted to the technology technology and procedures of the organization.
The participants and the beneficiaries will be the first to reflect the improvement of services that are proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change because it enables each to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights provides the principle of the inadmissibility of the inadmissibility of discrimination and states that all human beings are free and equal in dignity and rights, as everyone may not take place of all rights and freedoms in the Declaration, without distinction, and that the person are liable to the community in which the free free and full enjoyment of its personality is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to demonstrate that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several West displacedans working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage all assistance providing assistance in the framework of enhanced capacity-building programmes, capacity-building capacity, capacity-building and to ensure that programmes have been implemented, and to ensure that programmes are implemented in timely time and focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Division, Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission for Enterprise, Facilitation of Trade and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they are estimated at 2185,155, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or a location where their lives is safe and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is in danger;
It is a growing trend to give the priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome the short-term crisis in a peace process, but that it would undermine the legality and sustainability of the peace process.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly wishes that it.
The General Assembly must take the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus completed the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
She regrets however, however, that the countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains a urgent challenge.
In view of the commencement of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement, resettlement and reintegration and increase the workload of the Section, proposed a net increase of 38 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation has supported the scope of implementation.
As stated in previous years, the Committee considered the claims of the second instalment of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and has made its recommendations after the evidence of the evidence and other evidence of evidence, in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and had made its recommendations, which is responsible for loss and damage directly directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our country covers the future future assistance of the Committee against Terrorism, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, education institutions and religious and political leaders of the Palestinian Authority, with hatred, glorization and offer a moral moral burden, as well as the massacres.
If we wish to take the opportunity for the Council, each will be able to address the Council.
Israel has a end to the occupation of our territory, it is trying to send the settlers, which continues to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress on the mechanism for sustainable development and, in particular, appropriate measures, recommended that the Conference of the Parties shall consider in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, the Government of the Supreme Court of Pinochet had attempted to improve the provision of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had already identified the main themes of its work, in 2003: “The indigenous peoples and globalization”, in 2004: “The protection of indigenous traditional knowledge in the national and international levels”, and in 2006: “Children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant to be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to the peace, security and justice of friendly relations and cooperation between States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document had been mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure for children has increased over 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation in the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no case of exceptions when the right of peoples to the right of peoples to self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is required to be determined by the process of the Convention.
A contributions of contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Conference for Contributions for Development Activities from November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
In 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was estimated only to 55518 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the work of the State of the State, the appointment of the State of the State and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Head of State or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State State, the risk of the Government of the State and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer, which is likely to prevent the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress Congress of the Centre, in Milan.
That process is recognized and designated as a system in transition or the knowledge of knowledge or non-discriminatory, and not, all of them, which enhances the acquisition of knowledge systems, a natural potential, which would enhance the value and knowledge of the social, economic and political life, with a view to which a new phase of development.
Mary.30 I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for reasons of staff and staff, and I have acceded to its request, without regret.
The Committee suggested that all age groups in the indicator of the Presidency of the Presidency would be included.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete paragraph 2.
The representative of any agreement or regional organization should indicate in writing the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide the necessary guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report on all programmes, measures and policies that will be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation in different levels of government and public service.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the security of all staff involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 29977 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Economic economic laws are in consideration, including the laws relating to investment and registration of enterprises and a draft law law.
It is encouraging that there was no progress in the last recent period of events in the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth dimensions of the Government is the fact that the Government of East Timor has succeeded in early1 million million, including 26.7 million for income income from the sub-Saharan Timor-Leste during the year in this year, shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and contributions on the development of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, in general, the activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is very important and increasing with the years.
One of this would have been carried out in the main form of the university, in the purpose, it seems to create a climate of terror after a event of a event later than students.
The international community should focus on the growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in relation to the controversy on the question of the acquisition in order to replace XV and in the form of coal, which had been destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in the recent technical discussions that have been held in the light of the two technical discussions that have been held in the course of the two technical discussions that have been held by the former Special Commission, as well as outstanding.
Efforts were made in the past in the form of the proposed text in the hope of us to move from this political impasse.
We look forward to the number of experts of customs and procurement in the field of imports in Iraq.
In the event of peace, we can be able to ensure that we will be able to do so, in order to achieve a determination and political will.
I would like to express me to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it is a time when there is a time for a change of political change, because of a new commitment to the political process of Saddam Hussein, the Council would be obliged to assume its responsibilities on the behalf of peace and security.
With regard to a view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the United Nations system in Baghdad is still the main factor for the cooperation of Iraq with the inspectors, and is also the primary condition to find a peaceful outcome in the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
The entities involved in financial transactions;
As we have indicated, Egypt signed or ratified all conventions relating to the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, it is impossible to build confidence-building at the next day, we must remain patients to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Legal advice
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still a large number of and one third, which will be able to be open, once again.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable to intervene in all the world is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms to encourage growth of employment and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the eradication of social and social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure education and the central society in the search for social advancement.
Draft meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all norms and international rules on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those of the relevant resolutions of bodies and bodies of the United Nations system.
The African Union asserted that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of positive discrimination for disabilities.
In order to ensure that the Secretariat's divisions provide adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent against the budgets of the projects for the administrative costs should be allocated to the division of the project.
In the provision of medication, materials, materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those who are designed to provide emergency services, and in the provision of medical services, and other services for children, which have been used for children, who have been the conditions in which medical personnel would be extremely difficult.
Does this policy has a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and pursuant to the provisions of its Constitution on the basis of international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
The employment has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level of.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English]
The limited access to energy sources and the high cost of fuel and the shortages of fuel and shortages have serious consequences on urban transport, increasing production costs and prejudice to the effective implementation of social and urban activities.
Introduction
As a result of the transfer of transfers that has a account in the bank and wishes to transfer a higher amount of US$ 10 million from the United States or the equivalent equivalent.
Paragraph 1 of article 35 of the Rules provides that:
In example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, a multi-stakeholder group for the restructuring of debt restructuring, the discussions and conclusions would be addressed to the attention of the intergovernmental decision bodies.
