It is therefore concerned that the laws that aim to combat terrorism provide to the United Nations system enforcement agencies and intelligence intelligence services, and in order to refer to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacaca (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considers his future programme of work and that it was considering to include missions.
First, the representative of the Government must increase the representation of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — are benefiting from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, and that it raises critical issues to address it.
The Committee requests the State party to provide broad dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including the State officials and the judiciary, and to inform him in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these comments.
If additional funds were available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested above.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website of the website, to strengthen the language capacities of the site.
Organization
A new analytical guide on gender was expected in 2003.
Data statistics (see the responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appears to show that the impact was to reduce access to unemployment benefits.
In that context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of least developed countries since the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, thus, we have become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq continues our Governments.
For us, in Iraq, a priority commitment.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is hard to have the situation.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment to strengthen security in the ports of entry and training of staff, particularly in the area of the detection of false travel documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have tried to meet the most demanding financial standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices related to them.
The assessment of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and the Eastern African region has been able to find the causes of the problem, which has already already been identified; the extent of the household work and the financial sacrifice of girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent women's access to equal education, as well as the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will look at the time when we meet the Secretary-General's call for discussion on the future role of the United Nations.
In my opinion, I believe that there is still a number of acts in order to ensure that future generations are given us.
In this context of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year, for services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No. 23/2001 (ISRALL)
The initial judgement was made in favour of applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that those persons have been arrested for conspiracy with opposition forces to reverse the legal authorities.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former parliamentary parliament, President of the Committee on the renewal of the renewal (PAR), a political party was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a six-month sentence and imprisoned in the Lomé civilian prison, despite its appeal.
The Working Group, with the opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the norms and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is also important to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate ways and time frames to complete their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this issue will only be possible to strengthen confidence.
These historic initiatives help better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples of the colonial under colonial domination by giving the necessary pressure in a highly competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and the international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
At the time of time, the United Nations must not continue to continue its work in Iraq but also to extend and provide more strong support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently providing a post for HIV/AIDS Adviser at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the field.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its previous statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and consultation with the Executive Council, had an exclusion of Ms. Bonitaita, regardless of its status in the organization, to have violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and its failure to comply with the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, shall conduct its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the common right, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, should be included in the insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation was received.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also party to numerous international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money-Laundering relating to the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crime and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of establishing the United Nations system for a training centre is a sense of view that it became necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of international civil service.
(c) The question of whether or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-citizens;
In a case as in the other, the position of the market could not be considered automatically.
However, the United Nations investment portfolio includes high-value products that had little value in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1 Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had been inadequate.
In not part of the session of the Group's session, these three documents will be not fully prepared for the session, but they can be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 45
The three options not exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is trying to respond.
The system has proved its effectiveness in its part of the most visible, namely the electronic presentation of the documents in the case.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The Security Council also wishes to consider the principle of referral by the Rome Statute on whether the body — the Court or the Council — is entitled to consider in the first case of individual criminal cases concerning the officials or staff of a non-State State in the Rome Statute on acts or omissions during a operation or authorized of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General has followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are now parties, has become a reality, taking into account the election, on its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the very immediate appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Eldore Declaration has been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have continued to combat and be made available or to be received from weapons.
The first consignee of arms and ammunition of the Ethiopian Government has been identified.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and in London, heroin has been introduced in air in Somalia by ships from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence of the first year in the power of the first year is completely devastated by the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system to ensure that United Nations personnel and associated personnel can fulfil their missions in security.
Although it has started its work at least two years, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish was aware that subsidies to fisheries undermine the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has been used for the development of a common language of the Organization on the Prevention of Armed Conflict, through interaction and interaction.
The consulting actuary was also charged to propose other types of funding for the following-service health insurance.
The procurement contracts between UNDP and various donors have been carried out by the Office of Project Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for the offices and accommodation of headquarters.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for a husband's husband were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in the society of Samoa.
In practice, the police has provided the fact that a police officer is present to be a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse.
The Basel Financial Centre is headed by a legal officer and staff included another legal officer.
The teenage pregnancies are still an important feature in rural areas, and there are generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible, which would lead to a punishment of the family involved in the village of the village, generally as the girl.
NGOs - Non-governmental organization
No effort must be made to relaunch without delay the process, while preserving the norm of the norm, which is 30 years and still in the field of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for a future of the export control system established in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an essential imperative in building a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join the search for a solution to the issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo party in the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before the status”.
I join the Council members to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information he has provided.
India will ensure that further information on its observations and will participate in the discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta)
These include continued to modernize the technical structure of the system in order to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including through the “Question of Palestine” of UNISPAL on the United Nations web page in the “Peace and Security” and to expand its collection by adding documents for both new and old.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving the floor, I would like to make a few introductory remarks at the time that Japan takes the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Policy Committee was expected to see the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know on the vision of France for the future on special measures.
It covers the past period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also the final assessment of the action of ISAF III prior to the deployment of UNMIK.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is based on the principle of a single State seems to be a prima facie point.
Mr. Raytv (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, the fight against desertification and the mitigation of drought through sustainable development policies is a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has thus been brought to the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services to the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support for the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and fully cooperate in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive counter-narcotics strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were set out in the Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia had applied all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, request that it is the primary requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without a condition of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Working Group on Information and Communications Technology, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and is the result of concrete results that we will try to exercise their ability to exercise their responsibilities.
If the situation is changing to a return to peace, UNRWA will need to address the requirements of the transition of a conflict in a process of recovery and development, and to launch a similar special fund for the purpose of which it had launched for its implementation of the Peace Plan following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 expenditure for the maintenance of premises, due to the allocation of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Encourage the health policy and standards of service services for the host authorities to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and priority conflict.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14 The increase in the use of computers and information technology in the field of office.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- The word “technical” after the word “support” at the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” for the text as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are taking due account of the values of the public service, particularly in the area of life of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency, evaluation, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any action in favour of indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We are shocked, and we are now working to put to Côte d'Ivoire's work and to resume our activities, as in the past, and in conjunction with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It would lead to accountability to improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, prior to validation of a certificate, to require the exporter that it is a statement that rough diamonds exported are not diamonds in blood.
Other progress is made to:
(c) To review the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs in identifying the costs of office to the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in accordance with the international character of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of the late communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the process of the collection of weapons had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial and human resources, specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to disseminate the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and the parents (in particular initiatives to address persons who are illiterate or not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including the illiteracy;
(d) The difficulties that persist in the promotion of parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective periodic review of treatment in the child and other circumstances relating to its placement.
This was the issue of how to strengthen and improve the elements of human rights and its control on persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter to the Secretary-General, as a “illegal, unjust and irresponsible manner”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
E.E. UNCTAD's UNCTAD Development Report
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of the most commonly requested assistance.
I hope that you will be able to support the aide-memoire as a tool for the development of the priorities for protection and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in the protection of protection are reflected in the resolutions and relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civil populations must not be taken hostage by the violent factions trying to deprive them to do so.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund for their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules, and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken in the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council of the Human Property Aspects of the World Trade Organization, which affect trade, links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures to address the issues of impunity and responsibility and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance of the present process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhakdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. H.Fordo (Colombia), Mr. Kolby (Norway) (spoke in French), Mr. M. (Republic of Korea), Mr. Alimov (Tajajistan), Mr. Kichinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vimov (United States) (spoke in French): Mr. Kichinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov ( Uzbekistan) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to emphasize three points on the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing contribution to the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation with this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the procedures for extradition and to simplify the requirements of evidence relating to the offences that apply to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are or location where the other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article has not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider granting a final judgement in cases where the judgement may be obtained by the author of the offence may be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit has adopted a directive prepared with the support of the Office of the Financing of Programmes, which included the systematic review of country offices' oversight mechanisms for funds, other resources for resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three-year training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American and Local Authorities, municipalities and associations, the United Nations Regional Association on Human Settlements and Local Authorities, the Latin American Integration Association, municipalities and associations, the Regional Centre of Local Authorities for Human Settlements Management and the Municipal Development Programme, and private companies such as Batatel, Total, Dadia and Or.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was retained as basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including information on the methods that will be used for destruction, location of all destruction sites and the norms of the environment and the protection of the environment.”
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Creat of external debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 1273 Palestinians had been demolished by the Israeli military forces who invaded cities with tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses in explosives while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in that struggle.
On this issue, I do not fall in detail.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting, I thank Ambassador Muñoz, President of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), its very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established by resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) on the threat that continues to pose Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into consideration the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistical producers, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements to the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and calls upon the speedy and full implementation of 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians from the presence and risks of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the issues relating to human rights, as reaffirmed by the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Kayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of a long-term situation.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the time that it has been granted, the President shall immediately remind him to him.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat at all members of the Committee and States parties concerned and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
States parties shall submit reports on the measures taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, in a period of one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region were committed during three different periods:
On 12 October, the police soldiers entered force in the prison house in Mambasa.
All persons who have interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of small girls, some of which were under the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects of the police forces.
Global security crisis
Once the appointment established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions required under the law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A expert group of experts, comprising representatives of various countries and the Pacific organizations and assisted by two drafters (o.e. New Zealand and Australia), prepare the model provisions.
Early review of the re-trial review of the benefits
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Of 42.8 million to fund the operational costs of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, or 66 per cent of total, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an assessment of the capacity and expertise required to OIOS in order to ensure internal audit of the activities of the administration and investment of the Fund, according to generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on the evaluation at its next audit on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a computer computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious transactions and monitor any irregularities.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who organizes or facilitates the entry into national territory of a person who is known, or of good reasons to assume that it is a irregular immigration or the intention to seek asylum.
The number of women in official and local positions at the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of official committees in the institutions to assess the situation of women's women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a large-scale pension regime as possible as possible as possible as possible and is aware of the fact that people who cease any professional activity to assume family responsibilities are likely to be disadvantaged.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act of the Domestic Violence Act) which, inter alia, deals with the law of appeal and judgements of protection, and provides the Garda large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter would give particular importance to the possibility of refusing officially to use information services.
Emphasizing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, de Caledismism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment of human rights and women's women,
Article 12
States parties shall accord to the human rights and women of the same rights in relation to the law on the right of persons to travel freely and choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the procurement legislation that relate to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions of the United States (Runchchreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited GDP growth in the region, uncertainty that they have created in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was to decline in a few cases.
Such plans include improvements in the improvement of early warning systems, early warning systems and ongoing communications between areas or communities to disaster and the authorities.
UNESCO, CUS and several agencies affiliated with the latter would encourage the conservation of biological diversity in the framework that remote sensing and GIS will have a broad role.
The various issues were discussed in thematic discussions and draft resolutions were presented and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-12).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights, on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes that the Representative of the Secretary-General continues to call on the Guiding Principles on the Displacement of persons within their own country in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and the other relevant actors, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on the preparation of deployment in the country.
The remuneration of both other judges is scheduled in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section
The elections will be closed, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Oarayak and the Lake Tric v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is governed by a large part of civil and criminal procedures established during the United Kingdom system.
It published and disseminated throughout the country of fascicles explaining the procedure to monitor and the need for registration of birth and marriages in order to raise public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46: In its development plans, the Government followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the developments of requests for assistance and the increasing need of certain types of special assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the country of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide more important support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257, which underlines that globalization does not take due consideration of the human component, the interdependence of economies not reflected the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/12.
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration set out in paragraph 1 of article 14, paragraph 1.
Consideration of reports by States parties
However, the periodic report, in particular, of the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts, which are traditionally concentrated on Greek minority and Macedonian minorities.
They claim that there had been violations of article 2 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that, as a decision of the High Court of the Eastern region, on 5 February 1999, a crime of racial discrimination is not in a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general and short-up of activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of GHG effects and the nature and importance of technology used (e.g. power, production, production).
Environmental impacts, economic and socio-economic impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
On 12 above, it would be important to address this problem.
The provision of developing countries for implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, transfer of technologies for development and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed a plan of action for identifying a number of projects in the world and to create a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(a) In the annex to the present document a breakdown of the expenditures related to these activities.
24.6.1 The amount of $2,955,200, as an increase in the amount of $4754,700) will be used for: (a) the cost of the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003 and (c) the costs of other items for the operation of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in coordination of assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, among other things, on the protection and observance of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Subprogramme 1
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, on the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post not only than one candidate.
(ii) One representative from a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of straddling fish stocks and fish stocks, and also requests the Secretary-General to include in its report a substantive study on the provisions of the States Parties on the needs of developing States, which takes into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas falling within the Agreement, and that it contains various forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda item “Strengthening the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and the Secretary-General to submit the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict to submit and submit information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, in accordance with the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations organs are the only Member States; there is no reform to address this issue, as those who are in the position of deciding to be determined to impede the work we are all to do so.
The Millennium Declaration and Monterrey conferences on the financing of development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have raised great hope in the international community, particularly with the developing countries to see the advent of a stable, just and united socio-economic agenda.
This goal cannot be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would allow us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sport of sport in the various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports, for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The Latin American and Caribbean Education Programme, which responds to the needs of poor poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat as a Secretary-General.
The barriers that restrict access to markets, including increases and inflation in the prices limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the Committee for a three-year period, beginning from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows, in your country, to monitor transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process — as a word, to the momentum of the peace process that is a good progress, as I have so far, but that we need to be released on them.
We believe that it is important for anyone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled that the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which led to the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has placed on Iraq's burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, not on the inspectors to find that Iraq has tried to conceal since long time.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that no link or the mandate of the inspection teams or the weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in relation to countries that could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society had inherited, represents another coercion.
The majority of the East-Timor who continue to practise food agriculture with the means of very high-up-in-fived production.
Even though our bilateral relations to all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support for this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be sworn in the course of the week.
(b) The database on projects is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects and indicate the needs for funding;
(e) 1.17 The term “closed performing party” means a person other than the carrier that is performing or indirectly to discharge the carrier or under supervision or control of the goods, irrespective of whether it is a party or indirectly, if the carrier is party or the control of the goods, regardless of whether it is party to the contract of carriage, is identified or shall be taken under the contract of legal responsibility.
The definition of definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated diseases.
Most of the police systems that provide registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement of the Schengen Agreement operate as a basis for a national database accessible by the Internet and is fully operational, or is fully operational.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces in the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donation agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to help people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends on donor support for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has fallen since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic has enacted a law which defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in relation to AIDS prevention and is the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited in the past few years, the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as the fight against mercury pollution, agro-industusiness and timber industry, investment promotion, export and technology.
The concrete implementation of projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 447,836 euros are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the overall programme of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court under their jurisdiction under the right to be present in his trial and to defend itself or to the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, the adoption of policies to address social, economic and cultural problems must be taken into account.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in one of its priorities and works with various bodies and United Nations bodies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls on the implementation, in this regard, the procedures relating to the basic standards of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that the results of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held at Cancun, and deplores the lack of agreement on the reduction of customs tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have created 500 billion United States dollars for the rich and poor countries, and contributed to a reduction of poverty about poverty in some 144 million people by 2015.
If there is no doubt to address the injustice of economic globalization, the injustice of economic globalization will move back to the problems of third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease now become increasingly.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya proposed to overcome the problems that impede its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic plight of the Aral Sea is one of the problems that arise.
Mr. Binguer (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly to the Declaration and the Durban Programme of Action is a milestone in the way of the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of what may be reasonably reasonably valid for a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should be amended to amend the instrument as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They are often involved in the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence benefits for activities outside the Organization
(fancelled)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures at the average by by sea
(iv) When the provision of education is too remote to the fact that there is no daily day, the region where the staff is vacant and that the Secretary-General's opinion is not in this area of school, which should be paid to the child, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and to reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to know that the Secretariat has done that it had done so to recruit the posts of the Force General Service in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in total, participated in 66 projects related to orphans in 35 countries.
1 The Caribbean and northern South Atlantic region:
(d) It is important to include the implementation of the projects, results, possible action, and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be deducted from the amounts to be apportioned between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and is awaiting a more active commitment of the international community.
The expansion of the programme of work is difficult to work on the work of the Commission with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, disputes, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private finance infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continued work on both anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed rapidly.
The roster of the roster is as follows:
Follow-up to the implementation of the resolution must be made in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid violence between them and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic in Bozova Glaica to say to the Roma people that they were required immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act in the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at any time of the proceedings the complainant has provided details of the author's torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
In accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, the Committee is held in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same question was not examined and is not under consideration to another international investigation or settlement body.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time of extradition, but it was subsequently withdrawn because of a mistake on the person.
(b) The controversial statement must be an essential element of the direct investigation against the author of the communication;
5.4 By reference to the elements of supporting the allegations that Mr. Azurmen's statements made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT on the period specified in which the disputed statements took place and that:
The total of the complainant is the first of the mother of Abullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the application; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
With respect to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence of evidence obtained by torture.
No further clarification is given to these problems.
The number of countries responding: 65.
In the meantime, it would be likely to be too difficult to be in this area because the risk of contradictions and inconsistencies with the various international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4.35 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change in attitude.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and data.
The first research of research has already yielded strong results and led to specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the crucial role of political leaders and political parties, and must play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent to which activity is consistent with national targets or in the framework of these goals.
This will therefore have to be able to gain if the goals are achieved, but also they will be the most pronounced that it is not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the political and legislative processes in the process and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint venture by the South-Pacific Mining Network (SMSP), controlled by Kanakak, and Canadian company Falobbard for the construction of a commercial in the North Province to address nickel from Kambambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that, as a result of the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be made.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would include four weeks, from the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed discussion of the project, which was issued as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, which covers 24 international officials, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to 282,324,900, is a decrease of $4,938,300 (14,94 per cent) compared to the apportionment for the biennium 2000-2001.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major countries that produce, sell or working in societies to participate in the self-regulation system contained in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In addition, the new proposals, although the new proposals, as well as the long-term time of the reporting cycle, are not only in the context of the simplification of the process, but, however, to avoid the process of the process of reporting, but it is still possible to avoid the simplification of the process, but on their understanding of a new level of work, increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, through its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, by organizing conferences and seminars, by issuing books and leaflets on certain issues considered by the United Nations system and by conducting a search for persuasion.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 by the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report is produced, in an experimental manner, to be submitted to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A post D-2 Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for the travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,304,300 (before recosting), 748,800 for the apportionment for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained that, in the programme documents, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds should be explained.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market must be reported to the prosecutor, the Head of a violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Consent
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party at its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting of small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Basic Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 124.
At the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of his arrest and other opportunities before his trial had suffered serious ill-treatment and due to inhuman conditions in which it is detained.
3.1 The author contends that the persistence of the Czech Republic, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 143/1947 is a discriminatory legal law and that it is as a whole and without effect, a arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional act in the right of the author to enjoy all its heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author also submits that there had been violation of article 14, paragraph 2, that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article to deprive the accused of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3.6 With regard to the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that, in a first time, that the author's dispute was not outside the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could now be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision arose from a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read in conjunction with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2, of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated as it was arrested and charged without any evidence of its involvement in criminal activity and that it has been gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence of the evidence that it considered a mistake.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in which it is concerned to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure committed to the Constitutional Court, the author states that, in both cases, it was impossible not under the unconstitutional military regime in order to engage in the prosecution of perpetrators of political dissidents in the time limits.
In view of the State party's failure not to be false against this claim, and there is no other relevant information on how to take place in the case of the prison sentences, it is necessary to grant the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not shown that the State's action has been an interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the past period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining, in the case of the review, the length of the delay on the basis of the arrest of the author and his trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime or the date of the beginning of the trial.
It is not in place to use only the documents available to the case of the case and may take into account elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party has not been entitled to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the allocation of ex-combatants and claims that none of the two bodies to review its request had made doubts about his ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is victims of a violation of article 7 as they do not always know the person in question.
Witnesses:
It argues that the judges of Peru would have to take a decision on the rule of the text if they had had before them a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this period would not begin from the notification of the judgement, but on the basis of the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the review of this request.
The authors allege the decision of HOCOC in the extent that it has a assessment of the facts of the cause, which enhances its argument that the Commissioner had taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the qualifications and to return to the police.
The authors have before them the justice in cases of cases, in the case of women, in 1997 and Koranjjjell and requests for expropriation filed by the authors in these two cases, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner had been sealeded by the District Court of Fjjansans who considered, with reference to the judgement rendered by the Supreme Court in Valencia, that paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Act on Fisheries Management was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (in the law of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of the “We do not fully conform to the right to freedom of expression set out in article 19, which is due to the exercise of responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately referred to the judge that he intends to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be found in the case of the case.
3.3 The author states that the case has exhausted domestic remedies and that the case was not subject to another international investigation or settlement body.
In addition, the Board of the State stresses that a dual use may be exercised to the permanent transfer or the judicial Court of the first instance, and then before the Council of the State of Appeal and that these forums may be entitled to order.
As a result of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, it was recognized on 13 months of the author's military service under the course of its promotion at the sixth level of the main prefecture.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to the contract of procedure for the period.
Canada, chapter XII, Annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See Case Cabrao Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Special report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Paelling v. Austria (Communication No. 41/1990, Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts are actively engaged in the new appointments, the Government's commitment must be gradual.
The security right is therefore crucial, as the security of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, has made progress in the areas of rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains weak.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, in the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to communicate as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, the necessary information for the review under paragraph 8 of Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis provides to determine that may be able to take place at the negotiating table and what are the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of a interregional workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions are met, namely the existence of a vacant post that is not only a Azerbaijani citizen who have vocational training or expertise and the inability to obtain access to local employment providers a candidate who meets the criteria set by the employer.
At the time of time, the time of accommodation and break-up is not recorded as a working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Law on Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become the law on the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Welfare of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be incorporated into the pre-school schools in the form of their physical or mental handicaps are taught in pre-school schools.
The results of the eight census have been communicated to WIPO for the purpose of engaging in international assistance by competitive students in the licence and control of 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is clear that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our search for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could create a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on the various possible options that have been completed in the compulsory school.
The implementation of a gender study programme is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The Committee issued a programme for a gender equality policy for the University of Quebec for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common system.
“In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with the United Nations
(c) To continue to include the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party again:
The Committee notes with concern that children have not been aware of the identity of their natural parents, even as a majority of their natural parents, as well as it is in their interest.
(a) The enactment of a new laws and national programmes and programmes, including:
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and the immediate action for their elimination, the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against Roma in all society, and in particular among authorities as police and professionals providing services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and in time frames.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist motivation and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, the need to consider development and development goals in a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to ensure that all means, and in particular the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with respect to the private sector and public companies, to establish, without prior authorization, organizations that they deem appropriate.
This period is considered as an active measure for the payment of wages, regardless of the criteria of the contract.
Information on the current standard of life of the population
It is considered that households, even though they do not provide their income to their food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of residential units built a total of 1,074,843, or an annual average of 1076,864.
In proportion of the population and housing of housing, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the extension and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a need for more binding provisions and judicial procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Law No.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women are a good way and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent issue.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels in order to address the problem of small arms in the period ending the second Biennial Meeting 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If any of the three options does not imply the majority of the votes, it will be expected to be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for voters to make a choice between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall determine that it is acceptable to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the Tenth Islamic Conference of the Summit, held in Malaysia in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation in the time frame.
It is important to reflect the three main pillars of this goal because they show our determination to keep this theme on the long term.
However, according to the allegations of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption from the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now, over 10 years, its blockade of the Republic of Azerbaijan's Republic of Self-Government of Nakhchivan, causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Likewise, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and the development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce expenditures through energy efficiency measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The Committee's second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which sets out national measures for national sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, no person who has been killed in a position of this nature cannot obtain visas from Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Rwanda, Rwanda, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone and Switzerland subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution, as orally revised and orally corrected.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the struggle against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider, where appropriate, revise their immigration policy to eliminate all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, including the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the need to engage in effective action for the creation of the conditions of harmony and tolerance within society, including the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to re-establish the areas that had been placed fully under Palestinian control, in accordance with agreements reached, but it seems that it would now be decided to take the control of civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed the adoption of resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the National Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget of 5 million for a period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, which was established in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has translated a positive approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The disciplines and international commitments — which is essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — beginning to extend to areas that, in the past, were within the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances among developing countries and developed countries.
What is the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will take place on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, although not limited to abduction and abduction cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane in the capacity of the Special Representative in Asmara.
After completion of the work of 50 minutes, the group is returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/we/documents/documents.
We have not yet done so far, the responses we need to be critical to the current development of the production of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, which remains in its capacity and its possible programmes.
The density of the population and its distribution of distribution have influenced the emissions of transport and housing.
Some of them provide a net increase in emissions from this sector, despite measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) In the light of a number of delegations, the need for a number of delegations to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in forced disappearance, with the lack of return to such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could nevertheless be required, in their deliberations, intergovernmental bodies specifically focused on substantive issues and not considered the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities of the work programme.
(f) The presentation and timetable of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is therefore particularly timely to address the non-permanent members of the Security Council, with the permanent members of the Security Council, which are the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
It is therefore now a discussion to proceed to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of the legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to this end, my delegation, without the wish to divert the attention of this effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, in particular in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and the individuals and entities that are associated with the potential of ethnic and national groups of ethnic and national origin through their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations Board of Auditors and the United Nations funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management Issues for the main purpose of guiding the activities of the United Nations system for administrative and management issues related to the system, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues for the Board of Directors.
This is the following: What is expected to be expected to have new contributions, because, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be achieved, and will require significant funding, including coordination and special cooperation of other countries with the lead of the lead.
Mr. Farhdidi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have led to both relevant issues on Afghanistan, as well as more than less answers to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the criteria identified and proposed to consider different solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) To be held at Headquarters and in missions, the staffing needs to be given to the flow of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNUN)
(b) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, to allow the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its work in this regard, as appropriate, with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad, and rather open for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life can do so and not to be left on the subject, which, in addition, to bring them to join the ranks of those who have become actively involved in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation in providing the Council the most recent information on specific facts in Afghanistan since the last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is both a indivisible and indivisible.
It could be if it was possible to release old-old olds and renounce the nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will be the greatest possible support of States parties as well as non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Bartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation wish to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has not been reached on issues such as the removal of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibitions of export export exports and the boycott in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large companies in timber are using environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber in a safe and secure manner for the environment.
It is in effect in the management of concessions, the value of forest plantations and the processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the improvement of data collection and dissemination systems in order to provide information on production, consumption, trade and prices of timber and non-wood products in order to promote transparency in markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, mainly from treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by a more fair and fair legislation, the protection of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men have become more than women to work because of the fact that girls are still at the lowest home, while boys were beginning early to work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same as they are living, and witnesses may act that a couple live in the same roof since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501).
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use expertise and experience in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD has worked with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparation of the Conference of the High-level Dialogue of African Trade negotiators at the fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries to participate in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continued in close cooperation and coordination with WTO secretariats, UNEP and regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of the University of the University of Timor-Leste, in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetetts, 23 and 24 September 2002, which presented the work of the Commission on ICT change.
We also recognize that globalization, as well as in the light of the increasing increase in international trade, provide a hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, taking into account the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women who are part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities including mothers and children; and is consolidated for equality between men and women in a society that took place in the family unit, which is high to gender equality and respecting the rights of the family.
Developing countries face today's challenges in the development of development, which cannot be seen by concerted international efforts and support for the reform of political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific cases of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of peacemaking and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has made efforts to implement the principles of the principles that it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of the forces and global targets have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thomenoniki, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect the President of its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the grounds for their arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its latest publication has been the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as by other human rights instruments,
Deplores that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided to be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or to be bound by a formal exemption of the troop Party;
Also requests the working group to study information and make its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Park, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominans for justice and justice
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be involved in a level to ensure an exchange of information on the needs of users and that the broader goal of integrating GNSS and its further development infrastructure for developing countries.
Governments do not provide the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and to combat diseases.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is a synthesis document, which contributed to the Organization's membership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides “any person arrested or detained shall be formally notified and submitted before the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “there will be no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of obligation to make accounts was relatively effective, but that it was primarily involved in the relevant personalities.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvice Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase of the road of our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's action in the past year, in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council in the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) enrichment of the knowledge, knowledge and management tools of the Government and the relevant institutions of the United Nations Programme for the Protection of the Marine Environment against Pollution from Land-based Activities and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment for the Protection of the Marine Environment against Land Pollution from Land-based Activities and the World Conference for 2000; and (e) the improvement of mechanisms to observe the implementation of multilateral environmental protection agreements and to enforce them.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of narcotic drugs among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technologies, including through facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of indicators of achievement: (a) the number of members and associate members that have received support from ESCAP and the new initiatives that have been taken to improve the development of information technology and space technology activities with the assistance of ESCAP, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, and (e) increase in the number of activities undertaken by ESCAP, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, using information technology and space technologies for the protection of the environment and sustainable resources management for the protection of the environment and the sustainable management of natural resources.
Strategy
The achievement of the goals will be determined by more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; rapid and coordinated response to the victims of disaster victims; a higher participation rate in disaster management training; a greater cooperation in the field and the region; and a greater response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation of the phenomenon of El Niño
Programme 26
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Souloul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olessdi (Mexico) said that in three years of the exercise of the power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox (Mexico) laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that it should be done to create a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their concrete implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies has focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility may prevent the use of the use of water, land and supply and supply sources.
Such services should be developed and to formulate a social contract that is politically viable.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Group on Money-Laundering (FATF).
Ms. K knowes (Australia) said that there was approximately one year, 88 Austral Australians found the death and 202 were injured as a result of the terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions should be binding and the establishment of the new institution is derived from the functions of the organization which has created.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Third Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the country's financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain a year on the other.
The statement is attached to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or respond to the encumbered assets, such as equipment of equipment, shall hold a security right, which is usually entitled to security rights in the same property as a guarantee of other receivables.
United Nations system
It should be further developed that, as necessary, the terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the project document that relate to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
For men, the decline is still more net since the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector itself, it was attended by a new distribution of production, namely, the struggle of the manufacturing and clothing of the e-commerce, engineering and production of health.
It is proposed that family treatment for families with the problem is in progress with drug addiction or the game.
One important initiative has been a major initiative to remove the removal of illegal vessels in the Armi, the operation carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land are returned to owners or their husbands as their acquisition by the State had never taken place, provided that the owners of the ground are in the case of the three months after the return.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair to both citizens and the amendments in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the payment of the rental of housing houses, the Ordinance of 1959 on the release of housing for housing and the Order of 1931 of the maintenance of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease lease of 1 June 1995 or after the date of the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including those of previous services to the design (d.g. for false-use-use, legal advice), pre-natal consultation, high-natal care, special care, child-care, child-care, education, education, education, health care and child development.
The municipal councils, which is responsible and travel to district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services to disadvantaged groups of the community as disabled persons and drug abusers.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its facilities and to finance the expansion of the potential.
The candidates for academic studies must have been successful with the review of the baccalaatat, which provides access to the university and to meet the specific conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, such as development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agricultural sector, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem of which we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — namely, the Open-ended Working Group on Reform of Counsel - has not been able to make significant progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 of 1993.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the findings reached by the Commission by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and the Shabqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for the integration of the existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of the United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability on the University of Gaya (Ireland) for the request of OHCHR analysis of the provisions of six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations human rights system in this context.
Measures taken by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, the Office of the High Commissioner supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft model.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a mere interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also requested that unilateral acts should be addressed in strict or extended terms to certain types of behaviour that could produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
There is an urgent need for the message of inspectors by the Security Council and provide the answers.
Inspection may continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestine question
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely that the Quartet would present a road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and the appropriate powers would be confirmed, as a significant measure that we need to do.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce additional amounts are limited to those mentioned above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender distinctions.
The requests for approval are registered in a registry (CCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being finalized.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social issues” by “Social development problems”.
Malawi would like to welcome all States to bring the defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court, and that it will strengthen its jurisdiction and independence, to be vigilant, and the unequivocal commitment of all States, should also be given careful attention to the staff of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be at any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) - The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands noted that the courts of the Netherlands did not consider most of the economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
The United Nations has been prepared by the United Nations and national organizations for the development of the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, under the primary responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided the coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention on Evaluation, the Global Assessment should include a assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem level, species and attitudes.
Special Unit on Global Policy Review (report of guidance)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the key managers for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of human resources.
Expert Meeting on the definition of environmental and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the poor of private enterprises and social discontent are worrying.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, reform reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
The Office of the High Commissioner has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and ensure the repatriation of profits and capital.
We have been delighted that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and the military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of the Prime Minister Sharon acted in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to make a final end to the occupation, with certainty that they have a viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide intensive training to teachers, Professional and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there were several activities organized, formal and formal, to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia, Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall give the same penalties as those who have the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148, as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, shall be liable for forced labour with a person, who is, or transported to a person's knowledge, biological, chemical, radiological or other toxic substances, as well as any other of those materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for strengthening the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee “E3”” suggested that Van Oord had been entitled to compensation for some of the losses of tangible property but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its ability to assist the Counter-Terrorism Committee when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the public attention to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the goals and priorities set out therein;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke about other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Pacific Sea in the Caribbean region and its Protocol on the Areas and Life of Harmful Protected Countries; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Sea Region; the Arctic Convention; and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North-East Atlantic.
In view of another proposal, the main agencies that had to participate in the consideration of the issues covered by the groups should establish joint reports for the purpose of the meetings of the Secretary-General on the oceans and the nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, in order to supplement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be held in order to ensure its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide any assistance available to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
On the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development that he had taken at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki had identified three main features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization: they are limited to the fact that they were in the form of capital capitalism and weakened the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the question of existing stocks would have to be extended to prolong the negotiations and to undermine the non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall observe the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing increased by 12 per cent in the first 12 months of the second intifada, 42
The PCDAR is a implementing agency that covers directly the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority they have been given, refugee refugees have replaced and changed their homes and also add others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of equality must be integrated into development and development strategies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There is currently two female leaders in a total of 141.
For the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school education in the Constitution of 1991, there is a growing need for the level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the attendance of primary discipline is the following:
Women predominate the trade sector, where the women's report is 2 to 1, in the textile production and the profession, and the food industry of rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used.
(BsD, 1996; Handk-Sberbergen, etc., 1995).
The village of village is assisted by the Deputy Director, and a total of 121,491 deputies, 101 only women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to assure the success of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions to create an adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies for the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there are figures indicating the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Human and Sexual Rights, in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the International Health and Reproductive Rights Advisory Service, which is subject to paragraph 421, are two separate or unusual institutions that are the same and if they address rights in itself or only of health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the process of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the Conference.
The Chairman hopes, however, that each organization represented at the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, should be a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“ Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including appropriate financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, to reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that the primary responsibility of the developing countries is the primary responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Ireland, Iceland, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, table 1 at 4).
A woman was appointed to the temporary temporary post of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) on 1 January 2003 and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect on 10 January 2003).
Serious acute respiratory practices showed that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned to the same time.
In order to ensure that there is a need for adequate training and support, the current standards of development are giving rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A disposal to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [subject to subparagraph (b) above or to the Party];
Mr. Nanser (Sweden) said that the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supports the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the question and agreements between the parties, including the construction and expansion of the settlements in Eastabal Abu Ghounay and Ras el-Amoud in East Jerusalem and around
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening relevant international development agencies at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure the sustainability of the environment, the global environmental conventions are of universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the laws or regulations necessary to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Foca, it is necessary to take into account the organization of the Secretariat, described in the bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in terms of which (The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
At the level of 5 per cent, the level is given to representatives and provides access to documents for distribution, as documents (CRP) (CRP), in addition to accessible documents at the level level.
In considering the websites of organizations or organizations of the official documents are posted on the Foca, it was noted that some of them did not have the documents to be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for nearly 10 years, which is very much if the speed of technical innovation is difficult.
The seizure of these identifators should sometimes be carried out in a series of time, the task is hard, and a lot of time (e.e. at six months) and it is a higher workload when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected to assist others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some of them seek to obtain such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena has introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Many representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of United Nations research, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group on the Prevention and Resolution of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wanted to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely policies for equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of the environment in the policies of government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, which had raised questions on the material produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as on the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan refugees and the same time to call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with respect to the protection of refugees and displaced persons and to allow access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific arrangements for the annual payment or for a longer-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Office of Evaluation will be able to make its efforts and could be able to lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been more low than the members of the Group on “measures”, not not in the absence of some laws but because the rules of the game had changed and that we have no capacity to supervise offshore banks in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to prohibit weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play an important role in conflict and insecurity that have many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it appears that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not have a problem of language or terminology, but that it is involved in other factors that, very frankly, we have to do so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft Programme of Action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, inter alia, on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
There is a number of girls and girls, which is used for the meals of 12 noon in order to encourage students to leave school.
There is no data on illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held on 8 occasions, on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the Promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiations to a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines are exposed to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of collaborating with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of the implementation plan.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been made, and many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to help countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Platform for Action should provide clear guidance on the way to ensure that all previous commitments and to define new commitments for the full realization of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to commend all Member States that have participated in their difficult consultations during the past few months and the commitment and dedication made today today.
The overall management of the reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance from international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM to which CERs shall be issued, a designated operating entity shall verify and certify periodically that appropriate insurance is under way for the period under review.
amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should be accorded priority to ensure that all their services are working together and make resources and their common knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
The management and use method is also essential for the quality of high-scale past outposts and land conservation.
Annex II
The Victoria State of Victoria (Australia) assists Fiji's police in the use of pistols, and we provide educational materials on road safety.
If those who use traffickers deliberately, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their lives, including extortion by corrupt officials of immigration and other responsible enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will renew the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “Shzouou” on behalf of the “in-law” in Chinese, was stolen in the outer space and is healthy, except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the field of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and their perpetrators to respond.
Appendix A to the Editor
Under the text of the second draft resolution, entitled “model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the projects of private finance for private finance”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopting relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/58)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, the Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court filed him, in public hearings, a sentence of six years and six months of the Office of Tax Fraud and violation of the obligation to hold accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Hall Seatat Thorgeirsson, President of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected accomplishments.
The workshop, which was responsible for the staff of Asian countries for the preparation of the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, was primarily concerned to States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has thus improved, the Government had adopted, with a view to gender equality, a double approach to integrating a gender perspective in its strategies and to develop gender policies and programmes, which enabled it to address gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention are carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004 including salaries under the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts, would be estimated at $707,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be incorporated into the guidance of programmes for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the verification of staff training, direct costs relating to the design, establishment and implementation of training activities financed by the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Management Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of people's lives on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within its verification mandate, to ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities for employees of the work of the Boundary Commission on the ground, and involved in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries only against the target of 19 had reached their completion of mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between 25 and 010 hours a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at the sea of Beirut (on 20 kilometres of the coast), in the leadership of Jounié and until the west of Chakka (para. 11 km).
- The same day, at 21 p.m., a Israeli military boat fired a flare bomb in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the rule of six weeks for the publication of documents and all relevant resolutions and relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from issuance of paper papers or on the website as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
The Scotland will consider the possibility of extending the scope of such prohibited.
The annual budget for child-care services for 2003-2004 will be more than three than in 2000-2001 and the additional funds are mainly for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the action priorities for 2002-2003, the goal of a number of 72 per cent in March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was established.
The objectives were set out in the reduction of unwanted pregnancies among mothers and the measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and to provide access to user-friendly services.
Under the agrarian plan for health adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for exchange of exchange, NHS needs to ensure that health personnel is at the same level, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHSs in Scotland are also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for the Equality of Racial Discrimination.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve the services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a project of partnership with advisory organizations, which could involve the equipment in the electronic service of the business centres proposed, courtroomrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: more women and children and to promote awareness on the choices they are provided in security and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences for which they are not separated, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated in the last session of the Committee, 661, a emergency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiating the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all issues highlighted by the Head of the Programme of Iraq, in the report of the Council to the Council, on 29 September last, as not yet resolved or not subject to agreement, may be fully resolved for that transfer in the best conditions and time frames.
It is very useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already been tried to make Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the fact that the serious challenges and serious difficulties of overcoming and defeat we want to be overcome, as stipulated in the Millennium Declaration, to take a lasting peace and achieve a sustained development.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is the majority of the rules that it wished to join and, during the past few years, Canadians, in their majority, showed that they are less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, in relation to crimes relating to crimes, it is necessary that, for financial reasons, it is necessary that, for financial reasons, it is necessary to make a return and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted its resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposal of the Court's budget is based on the first part of the Court, namely, to conduct fair public trials in a reasonable time.
A second hotline retains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the same functional approach that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure greater efficiency through the establishment of a common services package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely the sub-group of participation, sub-group of compensation and sub-group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including staff members for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and Deputy Travel Officer for high-risk areas: 952 6911
It would also be responsible to advise for internal legal matters related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Under-Secretary-General explained that the amount of the contribution was only one of the calculation: if the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds - were met, the gap could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the supremacy of the right and would welcome more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a full reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive and judicial document on legal and judicial reform, which is the development of progress in the past 10 years, in anticipation of the mid-term meeting of the Donor Consultative Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of disputes for peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; new measures have been made to be a relatively strong consensus in the government coalition and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial for the sustainability of the human rights and the environment, without the prior consent, freely and informed of the cause, of traditional knowledge, knowledge of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become a public domain, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further information and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be compounded by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 500,000 to 1,000 FAFFA was established that the guilty of the offender is usually carried out in this activity.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code which regulates family relations proclaims in its articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of a birth and until his death is the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights except otherwise.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land, the authorization of entering the borders can be obtained in the borders of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no gap between men and women in other diplomatic homes.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide the Government of the Government of the Croatian Government with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan of the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of a “or commitment to fulfil” should not be a broad definition.
However, it was expressed about the fact that Variant B did not expressly refer to the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was entitled “in its responsibility” without the first definition of responsibility.
The Working Group in its entirety approved the substance of the substance.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Togo, Togo, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an important role in other areas of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
That is the Iraqi regime that it has always remained to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the request made by Member States in this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that it should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to bring the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still many peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are right to resist such occupation.
We also take further steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Specific resources for the resident coordinator for the resident coordinator are expected to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator shall provide for the financing of funds that UNDP administers the funds, which are subject to the approval of the Executive Board.
It will transmit its partners to lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes meet women's concerns, those that affect HIV/AIDS, those who are in situations of conflict or post-conflict situations and those who are not excluded from the participation in decisions affecting their lives and their choice.
This proposal is therefore pending to reduce the rate of recovery to take into account the interests of interest, which is currently in the amount of approximately 2 per cent.
The budget budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to ensure comparison with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget budget, increased income and decreases is expressed for the benefit of the same factors used for approval of credit.
Regional offices
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the process of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has led to a decline in the State's income in the amount of tariffs and taxes, and it has thus led to a reduction in public spending, especially in the social sector.
Further information was requested on the Joint Commission on Human Rights (WTO) by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the aforementioned delegations called for strengthening cooperation, trade and South-South integration.
One speaker considered that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that it was still necessary to consider the studies and experiences of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group believes that States should, inter alia, seek to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports of developing countries and remove some economic sectors that adversely affect exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group has raised questions to the Director of the project on water treatment, chlorine-producing quantities, the quantities of chlorine containing water, the number of employees and entities that provide chlorine.
It also stresses the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution — a resolution that would not require Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes for a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged strengthening leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Cambodia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation 287 287
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and other weapons of mass destruction on the merits of the seas and the oceans, as well as in their subsoil (Treaty of the seas), the Agreement on the activities of States on the Moon and other Celestial Bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) Treaty.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus that the draft resolution had made.
Iraq recognized the fact that it had not been paid to these changes.
I believe that if we are genuine, we must admit that the word “in the right of innocence” has arrived, no need for us.
The last part of the conclusions.
General implications: There will be a need to achieve development and combat poverty, if productivity gaps in countries and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
That is why institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship development are also crucial for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes, which would enable it to make a more targeted approach to UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which would enable it to make a more targeted approach and effectiveness of the experience and expertise of professionals that are provided in the framework of eight UNIDO services.
The German-Tok Treaty for the establishment of a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on preparations and the organization in all of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, owing to the ratification of these instruments, but also because in article 25 of the Basic Law of the Law of the Republic of Macedonia, the latter has a higher authority of the ordinary laws and give direct effect to the rights and obligations of the citizens of the Federal Territory, as they can be interpreted as the general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have included a separate chapter to the question of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many of the Parties have addressed the issue under a particular perspective on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or the general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies with regard to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict it is essential to maintain a minimum of international environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the deteriorating environment.
The establishment of new wastewater treatment facilities, including the re-establishment of such water facilities.
The quality of wastewater wastewater in or, in the areas of water and the Mediterranean in Gaza, must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, it should be used to use the installation that existed at Ramat Hovav in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the programme budget
Mr. Briga (Liechtenstein) said that the year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples and cultures to promote a better understanding between cultures.
After having received additional information and information on this subject, the Committee considered the item in several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, depending on their means, to fully fulfil the fundamental role of its own.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to take the functions they are assigned and to take into consideration issues that are not outside their jurisdiction.
The Committee considers that the Special Committee on the Question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has contributed greatly to the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as reflected in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain an essential element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of the first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Notes with concern that in the regional commissions a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, to be taken by the General Assembly;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff for the functions of the secretariat/ Professional and higher categories for all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, function of the local situation and the development of commercial infrastructure and services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
The first time, since the missile crisis of Cuba, that the peoples of the world will take the effect of two possible options around a crisis of this gravity; it is a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, with a war, with the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it is to note that through the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not removed from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They shall not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have deposited a complaint or asserted that society does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was argued that it should be ready to change its positions and explore any possibility to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
First I.
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-3), a preliminary proposal is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of
That Syria is asking — or to anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what the reasons for the establishment of a senior body of senior officials is essential for the progress of the major organizational reforms to strengthen international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum amount of rent and education costs in the countries and the monetary areas listed in the paragraphs (a) and (b) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the request for reimbursement and reimbursement of rental costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to the incidents.
The total of bank deposits has increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent in the last six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection, summary and action.
Mexico believes that a genuine reform must be supported on five specific criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually expanded services.
Purpose and objectives
However, when the amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and move against the goal of access to the economic, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
The use of the encumbered assets may have a effect to increase the supply of credit, as secured creditors would have the insurance assurance that their real rights would not be injured by the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets would require a balance with the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions on that protection.
Termination clauses
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limits imposed on the powers of the representative of the insolvency representative concerning the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach was adopted, the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or their equivalent value to the counterparty when it is not returned.
As noted above, however, there can be a number of a total of a total of the business and to undermine its exploitation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list is not subject to the completeness and, in some cases, the functions of overlapping or will not be relevant to the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general rule, the Committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions of the latter, as indicated above.
When a creditor committee is established (and the recruiting of professionals), it may be effective to this obligation by requiring its members (and professionals) that they sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are of the general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should make a clear and precise approach to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights that are proposed, or set out minimum requirements, for example, that the plan should provide payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, the deadline may go from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on the notification of the opening of the opening of the debtor requires the protection of the debtor by requiring the request to be notified and to give it the possibility to rebut this presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Claims of Workers in Tax Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Coordinating Council of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by the President welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force in the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Lixin Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcr Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire, I) and members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a term of three years beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in good and timely.
Togor Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet the increasing needs of information and communication.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and important issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), organized seminars with ESCAP and UNCTAD (un 100 participants);
Trust-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric of land and women and young girls in vulnerable communities for sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, ex-combatants were the only people to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations provides a comprehensive training manual for the “Creat and maintenance of peace” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to increase in situations of ownership and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to alleviate and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
As at 12 years, Saddam Hussein had brought the Security Council resolutions.
We are now in the stages of rapid growth, sustained by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, including the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of the duration of the annual sessions should be translated into a network of 3004,300, based on the full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include the right to ensure the exercise of the right to water without discrimination without discrimination, and that measures to ensure effective, concrete and targeted realization are taken.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The Internet is based on division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, mass, non-mlammable components and whether the chemical of combustion is equal or more than 30 kJ/g;
“The General Section 3175, the test test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed in a solid manner in a good bag.
P233 Add the following paragraph after “Eeballs satisfactory at the test level of the packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "colic industrialization of the type of article 1 (t Type IP), "colic industrialization of 2 (b Type IP-2) and "colic industrial industry of 3 (b Type I P-3)" by "colis of type I-1-1”, "colis of type IP-2" and "colis of type I-3-3" respectively.
The paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7 shall become 6.1.6.6 to 6.1.4.6.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 to 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 respectively respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Information management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuinyeha pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, in the country, they cannot not testify against perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without support to the related evils of the archaeologicalism, we can say that it was used successfully to ensure the development and stability of other countries and other regions.
While there has been a number of years in the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working actively to sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full achievement of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international instrument on trade in biotechnology products.
• Destruction of POPs and organicutrients by ad hoc sources;
No.
As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, good note was taken in the consideration of cooperation activities in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, introduced A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in carrying out its functions in the service of peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or a accident, after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of law enforcement and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs continue to be held until the election of their successors and re-election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate that the conditions in which it works is better and can be used in a innovative manner and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed to the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
There is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the core group of society and the natural environment for the development of their well-being and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far from a “World Fit for Children”.
We will welcome the hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and a wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugee children, especially minors, and children displaced within their country, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems - abuse and sexual exploitation in particular — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation for more stringent penalties for traffickers convicted.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium under section 24 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This amount would cover the costs of approximately 12 military advisers and staff members of the General Service.
Review of the work programme: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, submitted to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/698 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the United Nations Conference of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to invite Mr. Ahmad Haajihoinini, Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, a Chargé d'affaires a.i. to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration by the Council of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question””.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still very bad, and is a artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs reiterated this conviction without unequivocal condemnation at its interview with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, will cause despair.
However, it also took note of the various views that had been expressed in the Working Group on the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main features.
24-71). The Committee agreed to recommend to the secretariat to follow the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in addition to the obstacles to electronic commerce that could arise from other instruments of other organizations suggested that the inclusion, and to consider with these organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed by the secretariat of the current workload.
The companies that operate legitimate commercial activities should not be afraid of their identity or institution.
(i) To carry out a new reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons, which is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and within the framework of nuclear weapons reduction and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which would undermine its strong commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The Parliament of the State Duma said that when considering the ratification of the documents to be submitted in the context of the participation of Latvia in the partnership and cooperation agreement between the Russian Federation, one of the parties and the European Communities and their member States, on other occasions, will determine whether Latvia will fulfil its human rights obligations and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Second, it must be used to use the knowledge of cases of cases to develop indicators for the various factors of stress and that they are both specific and robust.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Through the simplified interface, it is possible to do not only the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Political coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the realization of internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two Territories and their implementation would be reviewed with a view to determining whether they can be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall also consider the candidates listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will serve as a judge of international investigating and that it will be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
The claim of KUFP on the time of the development of the KUF K Kilani 56 - 95
KAFCO evaluated fuel Jand A-1 to the cost of replacement in May 1991, based on the average quantities of purchased quantities.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it had considered in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thii Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution lack objectivity and did not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is an unnoable eye to the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed to the international community on the establishment of a International Criminal Court for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November last year, Mazher Gia, mothers of seven children, was killed in a terrorist attack in the same area.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently been made to re-establish the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall will go against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while all of the world's roots on the terrorists' terrorists, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and intolerable injustice that will not be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral appeal to military force, transrogation of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of those accused are killed and that others are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides for the establishment of the villages of the villages that are expected to be at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for these trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in time, as the President said, the judicial process is not readily available.
Subregional level
That is why the solutions that would prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is through the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the forefront of nuclear weapons.
In order to export export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and export credits, but without a clear or precise change.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment, by the Community, the Women's Network, which aims to empower women, in particular through facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and technical and technical training;
Such a project is in the mountains in Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to help to respond to the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration between the organizations that sponsor the Global Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty should be deleted from the laws on the criminal sanctions of the two Republics and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group on ways of improving the predictability of funding.
In particular, it was mentioned that the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would be caused by significant financial and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of special circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, a general disease which resulted in a lack of the administration of the country), in order to prevent humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in cases.
The sponsor delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent humanitarian disaster, and should be decided for the case of a satisfactory approach to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to know and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
In fact, despite the slight modification of the Panel of Governmental Experts, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register, in particular that the experience of the past years has shown that the experience of the United Nations Register, in particular in the past two categories of conventional arms, will not be limited to universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States elected by the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several points relating to the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, if appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and proceedings
Source: The Hague Conference, Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to full and full participation of women in political life are rather origin in traditional attitudes of society; there is a certain resistance, the share of men, to the fact that women can play a role in a decision-making process.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of the war of April in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research-based research activities and waste, as well as space space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by the research teams in the field of plasma, astronomy, navigation and material science.
UNCTAD's activities in the field of trade and development had not been designed to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a comprehensive and integrated manner in a development perspective, in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase has already been able to strengthen the capacity of Somali institutions in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
The target group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to its seventh session of the measures taken to give effect to the present decision.
“Dimers of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect is in your personal responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the improvement of the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that, in order to address the issue at a meeting of the Expanded Bureau, it seems to be a solution, given that the views expressed by the expanded office, with informal non-paper, would not reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All costs and outputs for the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory Council and Monitoring during the period of six months as described above, after those costs will be the burden of the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the proposed programme of work of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the executive structures for the implementation of legislation, and to develop international cooperation.
Its production of production remains close and varied.
Despite the lengthy expectations of the hope to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the theatre of armed clashes in other phases and periods that had had profound implications and implications on the efforts of Egypt, which have been made with objectivity and clear determination, namely all opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State is the maritime sector to conduct the smuggling of arms and drug trafficking and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military tribunals of the armed forces.
Participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, including representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to fulfil its functions, or if the State member is committed to a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Presidents as the Acting President until a new President was elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee on missing persons in Cyprus, given that there is a long time of agreement on how to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the UNHCR programme budget for UNHCR was presented in the form of a subvention to streamline the existing link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Review for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme 2 strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial policy review and the conclusions of the Commission are submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I, documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
One representative of a minority recommended autonomy for the people of Guyana in a specific area of the Nigerian territory, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, and the use of its use for discussion and further discussion.
Training courses for minority minorities should be encouraged to take advantage of human rights mechanisms and development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is, however, that a new consensus on the issue of the public sector in energy for sustainable development (which could be understood for the purpose of establishing public policy objectives, to adopt priorities and guide markets, without losing sight of the market forces not enough to address the energy reduction of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “modt”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) Both Cougar Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered into the FIR of Nicosia, violating national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and overflew the occupied area of the Sintololos Andreas Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, which has been returned to the opposite.
There is a need for long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently in Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency conditions, increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss with the areas of cooperation.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having provided a particular item that the human rights of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the agenda of the Council's work.
A ecosystem approach requires the expansion of the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
The Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, particularly political risks, to investors that engage in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor more than the United States has not done so when they have provided money to Iranian citizens after nuclear-weapon-free missiles over Iran's airspace over Iran.
Training of students in knowledge management, particularly relating to accounts
(b) Analysis and design techniques (C.e., which covers information technology issues, is dealt with in the module 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist act, Ariel Sharon, who have participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the release of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the provision of conference services for the provision of conference services for the full implementation of the requirements of the current level of services is the Secretary-General;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the present provision of the provision of 32 and it would therefore be entitled “Every of the use of the ground that may be required for the execution of the project is carried out in accordance with ...” and would be followed by options which are currently currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of the provision, which may be accompanied by a reference to the regulatory transformation.
A second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as stated in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released from a way that allows them to reasonably verify that they have been released and, in addition, have been released in conditions guaranteeing their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study revealed that the way for the administrative services of the Secretariat does not provide full benefits to the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as a follow-up to the request made in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the Situation of Human Rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two are fully and freely accessible to Myanmar and that all persons cooperate with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are subject to any kind of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Economic and Social Commission resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend an annual report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, in its fifty-eighth session, and to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session, as set out in resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
• It should be seriously considered to dismantle the major mining companies held by the State, such as Lamamines and MIBA (Miniler of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to the Governments that have contributed to the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those mechanisms;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;
The unutilized balance is mainly due to the decision that was not allowed to purchase new high-win generators, generators available to be repaired through spare parts of the reservation and sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of action require the granting of the family of protection and assistance as possible as possible, and that the family is of various forms, which differ in cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group was concerned to the problems of identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, in particular, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building by means of support for organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on those items and draft resolutions were presented and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-12).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission that lasted six hours, and then returned to the Qasr Ninaawa in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed the appointment of the meeting and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
The importance of high-level services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who directs an entity of the private sector or is working, in some such a person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from any act or to refrain from any person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from any act or to do so in its duties [with a view to a economic, financial or commercial operation, which cause harm to the private sector in question].
(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system designed for the Convention should take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (No. 32) presented a “without action”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in their degree of difficulty by increasing greater resources for extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
It is also necessary to encourage thematic meetings of treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent human rights protection.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate consideration to the Third Committee.
In the face of the commitment of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, States that have the States themselves must make tangible progress in the sense of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (as highly discouraged in the meeting of Santiago).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations, endorsed by the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to provide support to the activities of the United Nations in Afghanistan in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It seeks to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador included five women in the Embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Monalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which had been in the Congress in first reading and is awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
General Decree No. 336, replenishment of the National Commission for Action against Air Air and Terrorism as a National Civil Aviation Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The constructive exchange of views in which they are followed have enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Movement
M. M. M. M. M.E. Mr.
However, it may be necessary to take a variety of factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR focuses on the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The key task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to address the current violations by developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community allows a rich potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization on the basis of partnership principles, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget planning are part of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Fund of the Institute for the Institute of the Institute at 31 December 2003 should be estimated at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicoole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
For the exception of publications for the sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, hyperlinked official documents of the following list may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Loror Air (Egypt); NL = Lone Uar Airways (affed by the Government of Liberia); Relief, Transport Transport Services Ltd. (United Kingdom).
The smuggling remains more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal use by the security forces of the security forces, the extortion and other non-incvins, are detrimental to economic stabilization and cannot discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations must assume an active role in negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of the weapons of mass weapons would be reported, according to the testimony collected, of the acts of abulsion.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, the country offices will seek to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of programmes of action has been included in key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and the practices of amnesties.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the United Nations bodies and institutions to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation of the United Nations personnel, service providers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research work to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of such practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited non-member States, Oman, Latvia, Ghana, Ghana, Greece, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Italy, Ghana, Greece, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Qatar, Malta, Malta, Malta, Malta, Monaco, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Republic of Moldova, Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, Saint Marino, Saint Marino and Montenegro, Singapore, Slovenia, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Ministers will seek accelerated measures on all critical security issues.
It is also concerned about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations Office on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) of the United Nations Office on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/58/214, A/58/375, A/58/74, A/58/75/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/35/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/85/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5 and the United Nations web site for the biennium 2004-2005: improvement and upgrading of the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable them to host in good conditions and conferences (A/58/530);
Encourages countries to submit national reports to the Commission at its consideration of the Commission at its consideration of the Commission's consideration of the progress achieved in the implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities available;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of the major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to include a review, assessment and analysis of the progress achieved in the Commission's sessions; the establishment and management of a transparent and transparent information system and a transparent communication and communication system, as well as a report containing information containing information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has helped to develop educational materials, train trainers and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by trainers.
The net total amount of USD 2553,432,044 and the amount of USD 178,784,511 of the amount of USD 2513,422,044 and the amount of USD 178,784,151 for the preparation of the files, claim for the 38 claims of the first part of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the Committee, was USD 4792,277,272.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will make it possible to ensure that regional initiatives conducted by various agencies or organizations are a dynamic.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the status of the programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as described below, will be necessary for the biennium 2004-2005: Chapter 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, 1004,600; chapter 4, Disarmament, 2546,200; chapter 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
As part of its reception programme, the Government shall immediately provide housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempts to find a working opportunity, thereby providing a number of services.
In international cooperation, the Government is undertaking the complete reform of its core and census centre, in order to improve data collection and updating and provide a gender breakdown.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and examples of more practices in many of this contribution.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, para.
Are it to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible under the law on local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential to be more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net resources of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that has been initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt cancellation in the environment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where the meetings of States parties have been delayed and cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
With regard to Human Rights Day, the Office of New York of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of prices for human rights.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid the problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Club had supported the implementation of the instrument to transport, and indicated that if there could be difficulties in the transport of the transport system, in a broad extent, adopted a network for multimodal transport, including in the Conference's Conference/ICC and the transport of COMBICON.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should implement a default rule in cases of “non-expendable harm”, it was reiterated that the main aspect of this item was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvice Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the posts approved at 30 June 2003, the staffing would be strengthened from 26 international staff (158), 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-2, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional officers, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a Secretary-General (Other level) and a driver (in the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Affairs, the Federal Office for Gender Equality and Men and the Swiss Conference of the Committee for Equality between Women and Men, and expresses concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3,c.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with the IAEA to develop a standard of service for the implementation of IAEA security standards with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
In our great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken any steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, so that they can fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Primary health care remains very difficult in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been hit.
Among those, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and permanent dialogue, a multi-stakeholder and representative-based forum, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set up guidance for the legalization of the types of groups, training of their members for social organization and capacity-building of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
World Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by the holding of an international symposium to study various aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization which requested to receive consultative status with UNIDO: the World Trade Organization (GEFZZ).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would consider the adoption of such measures and would make the light of the facts of the “phphtic”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to distribute the chairpersons of a model for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the African Union was the outcome of the joint vision of a united and strong African Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges that the continent and its peoples must face in the light of social, economic and political transformation in the world.
They stressed that these institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to the victims of affected populations, without compromising the degree of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the location, which requires the need for humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no Tunisian bank body nor any bank stations have no funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed on the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this area and the regional commissions of the United Nations should provide certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety is vested in the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (theme I will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money-Laundering Act, which provides acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code in the Criminal Code, which is responsible for the purpose of which the Act is to combat money-laundering to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalat Counsellor and the Nshin County Management Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should, ultimately, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable management of land resources and to bring to a qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and religious ceremonies, as well as their history, vision of cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The end of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the deadlock in which the Conference on Disarmament is currently the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States has a serious need for negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secure by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow the Conference in which the Conference will be able to do so or to leave them to the cause of the obstacles to which they can be used or because our sense of power of power gives us to reduce the weapons.
During the development of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team undertook dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have ensured the integration of the rights and protection of children in the activities of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff is re-elected by a organization that implements the United Nations common system of 12 months after the termination of a period-of-service leave, it is expected that the number of months, weeks or time of treatment for the payment of payments, add to the end of the months of previous periods, to which the number of months, weeks or days of treatment paid to the end of the previous periods of office, does not exceed the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would have been paid to the end of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only the claims for the completed instalments on 2 May 1990 or after this date is under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts of compensation for compensation may be compensable.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the various places and dates for the losses reported in the claims that had before it, in order to determine the area and the termination of compensation for compensation (“the “expulsion”).
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will report the best practices of the recent planning and lessons activities that have been drawn, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be put in place in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more rapidly than the past, through strengthening the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new peacekeeping support arrangements (as described in subsections 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment of the deployment team for the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, following which they returned to their duty station.
A CD-ROM-ROM study entitled “Information Management” was recently completed and communicated to the pilot missions in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions was strengthened by the establishment of training cells for UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct must be applied to all personnel to peacekeeping missions, as military, civilian or civilian police personnel, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of staff.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential, including the start-up costs, which require the expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other — when a person has been committed to the need to receive care and depend on others.
After having considered the studies of investigating and interesting cases, a participant emphasized the need to find a just environment between self-regulation and public law to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University
University of St. Helena
United Nations Decade for Human Development Education
In accordance with rule 15, the gaps identified have been reported to the claimants in order to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Committee has ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the complainant, but not to determine whether they had been limited before or after the date of which the arms embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council had taken effect on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced by Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was extremely sensitive to the support provided by the United Nations system for the preparation of the study.
At the same time, more than 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are headed by women.
- The leaders and leaders of companies, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who have their assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through terrorists or groups or terrorist organizations, by providing or engaging from funds to be used, directly or indirectly, to the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or conduct transactions relating to funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercised its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case of article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
The GM and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, by helping the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, the sense of which is among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the World Bank, which is not yet fully acquitted of its role, which had adopted a careful attitude.
C. A niche for the GM
The curfews continued, but not as strict as 2002.
The Bishkek meeting held on 9 and 10 July 1998 attended experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, the extent to which the provisions of the Convention may be invoked before the current courts, courts and administrative authorities and if they may give effect;
(a) Seven members from the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, duly due to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti” which provides an overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it is true that it should not improve significantly the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of the defence services system is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its session of 2002;
This figure, however, is attributable to the increase in the security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which resulted in some new resettlement countries to limit the applications on their territory.
In 1998, many evidence were handed at FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government considered that an investigation was required to make a clear idea of the situation before taking action that would require the degree of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Local law enforcement agencies have been followed up to the Regional Training Academy on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(a) The proposed resolution also requires restrictions on the provision of equipment on the list and of brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or to impose the death penalty or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
It was stated that, on specific cases referred to in the report, that the port's port for long periods, in cases of direct transfer of a prison, is as punished, constitutes a violation of the Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this incident may be accessed on the website, at the following address: http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/sign/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence of the evidence produced by a member of the Lua Síichánán, at least one of the External Auditor, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall be entitled to act on a request, unless the defendant or any other person has established its satisfaction that the funds were not used or used to be used as a result of the fact that the Court is not used or used.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the formal association of two persons, established in time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Overseas Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all of the accounts for their savings prior to 15 November, the Ministers of Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States have decided to draw the training of special social assistants in the field of drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean are some small years to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory to plan, organize or carry out terrorist crimes or to participate, must prevent the fact that terrorist elements, individually or in groups, have not infiltrated and do not belong to the territory, nor to provide refuge, nor to provide them, nor to use the national territory to make in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African Malaria in endemic malaria, and some mountain regions in many countries are threatened by malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for the invaluable support of the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including the applicable standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical transformation and depth in which the forces of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, in the extent that the current disparities that some international staff can easily be able to make such a administrative court.
For its part, the administration should follow the requests for consideration by the administration bodies of the justice bodies, which is required to do so.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gocoochea (Cuba) said that it would be said that it was to avoid the consensus that his delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhhed (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years after the Rome Declaration on 13 June 2002,
This summary has been prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and policy principles
It continues to commend the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan, and hoped that the Chinese people, both co-sponsors of Taiwan Strait, will decide its differences in a peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
8 November 2002 exchange rate.
This supports the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at making greater awareness to decision makers and public awareness of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by drawing advantage of space research; promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space; and to improve the management of natural resources for the planet.
Viet Nam has committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous society, equitable and democratic society, by placing human rights at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After the use of the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all of the seven seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities prohibited the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits without restricting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a Cyprus, issued by occupation troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are set out in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Panel discussion
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers has significantly affected the effect of leaving the most difficult workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
With regard to the protection of refugees, which is a part of a whole, the challenge is to respond to the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work of Member States, by 12 p.m. that the Committee had established, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and calls upon Member States to fully support the equipment in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the meeting of 6 March will be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More importantly, we see that we have yet to do so.
Is it, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that arise (International Criminal and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis on the quality and availability of health services is emphasized.
Of 2833 women (19.3 per cent) of 1436 teachers.
A few reproductive health targets included in the Ninth Plan and the second-term health plan are presented below (table 8).
Accordingly, it is informed and educated the population until the family level of women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information programmes, education and communication (EC), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All of the formal sector institutions require tangible safeguards for loans.
A summit of SAARC, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity throughout its history has never taken a challenge to this phenomenon.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and the illicit trafficking of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons with HIV/AIDS, have drawn attention and were recognized by the international community in their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, storage and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of a convention on remote sensing, is to ensure that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, as it is in line with two principles that they consider:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy's population.
There is 10 years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate the crimes of honour against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the creation of a post or other monitoring mechanism in the context of all support for peace.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations that international human rights law confers to transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
There is a clear violation of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health and health services in many regions, a flagrant violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Georgian economy was somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a higher unemployment rate in 12 per cent (see official).
Accordingly, they said that the non-payment by Georgia of the required requirements under Article 19, and even even non-compliance with the commitments made in the three-year payment plans are due to the independent circumstances of its willingness.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering has participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities to the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned interventions for 2003 and beyond:
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your skills and effectiveness, as well as you have shown every longer in your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here, at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been working in the years to make a wider focus on TCDC in the framework of its work programme using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Royal Police Police, in cooperation and coordination with other law enforcement agencies, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, was also considered in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signing of the Convention on Corruption, which will be held in the event of the signing of the Convention, which will be held in Miada (Yuatatan) of 9 to 11 December 2003.
At the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “The United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.1510].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had further addressed general issues on the scope of the application of the report (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity in which they are under way, in addition to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, provides an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient resources to consider all activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) would inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the decline in global production of opium, from approximately 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided a number of reports (2.4.4 per cent), the Americas 207,7.9 per cent), Asia 32 (2.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2.8 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, it was left that this opportunity could not be left to me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 public schools and four secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the proposed narrative of section 35 (Commary for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CEPP).
The border is therefore already determined, and further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Liarcjan (Central Pristina region) remained vacant, no qualified candidate had been submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovoje, Liarcjan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), No. Br Brdo (the Gnjilane region) and Zvecan (Dar Mitrovica region), complained of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments of Governments to address environmental management issues and promote prevention and mitigation of damage to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the work programme.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and electronic forum on best practices for the social and environmental responsibility of societies accessible on the Internet (1); a database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); based on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); a information exchange centre and web site of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive socio-economic and political development programme of the continent, and that it must also be a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 159
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, that the General Assembly adopted its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view to rationalizing and enhanced efficiency and effectiveness in order to facilitate access to the information that it needs to fulfil its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, in consultation with the parties concerned, a progress report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of different types;
Notes with satisfaction that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exemptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the period of emergency,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including by working with international donors in the training of officials responsible for the enforcement of laws, which are to protect and defend human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the reform measures of the penitentiary regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to paragraph 2 of article 43 of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at 10th, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new activities related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will take the following work,
(g) To give assistance to the widest possible opportunity for any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition procedure relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for the provision of evidence, and that they are necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which was proposed by paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaties;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women have more than men, the gap in the age of age, and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was understood that the reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the expenses of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
It had been discussed in this connection with the Secretariat to ensure that, in addition, it would be able to provide detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had provided 46 aircraft to 2002/03 on 22 helicopters and 2400 hours and 24 aircraft and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskon announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of the judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Ggg equivalent CO2 by Gg
Often, the “known” “known” are involved in the maintenance of this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not able to provide information on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location where they are located.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information received by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who have been arrested in checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hezbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthemyy, who, thanks to their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $7,966,000 relates to the costs of the Commission's meetings, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technologies;
In this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some serious acts that have been made guilty of the ordinary armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in conflict was far from being proved.
A member to choose from Eastern European States;
Noting that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays are produced in the implementation of the review of the implementation of the implementation process,
It may be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, since time is needed to change the management of financial management and focus on products and achievements rather than inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, it had achieved the goals set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may be in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights enshrined in the Covenant are not adequately protected in a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Prosecutions.
It also commends the State party's efforts to provide the results of its exchanges with the United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including by making the consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in the light of the concluding observations of the bodies.
With regard to general observation, it was estimated that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access to the information of public authorities or third parties on water, water supply and environment.
The operation “A package for a peace soldier” has allowed to send peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon from 15 million to the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify their efforts to take measures to achieve confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a series of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective spirit have emerged.
We do not achieve these goals by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the risks of mines, destroying mines, by providing assistance to victims, by facilitating social reintegration and to convince new States to accede to the Convention and to accede to its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political need of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a summary of developments in the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some adjustments in the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice to a person who commits or attempt to commit a person of such acts.
“P bis.
If the homicide is committed by the author, while he led to a vehicle in connection with the past, the drug or medicine effect of the person's personality or a situation that undermines or reduced their mental capacity, oroous or physical, the sentence of imprisonment is the two of which would be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President shall address the recommendations on contracts for approval by Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) In Brazzaville, from 14 to 17 May 2003, from the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced that we need to contribute to effective and coordinated efforts to address the challenge of the abduction of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council to the Secretary-General
In addition to the social guarantee in the OGGSE, young people who enter the labour market without complete training.
Social security of social security included in the system
The beneficiaries of the spouses and the separate spouses or divorced spouses, or the marriage was declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that must inspire public action.
(c) The management and resolution of the medical assistance of skilled housing, including protection and protection measures;
In these agreements the central and self-governing administrations retain their respective normative skills, which are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of conventions, which is financed in the proportion or the amount of the amount provided.
A solution may be to provide children, as early young age, culturally culturally suited and to raise awareness of gender equality in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case stems from the general principles of the law of companies recognized by civilized nations and non-international international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case resulted in States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State prior to the use of ad hoc arbitration courts or the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes of the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes of States and Nationals of Other States.
The Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Dagoa Bay Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese-speaking society that Portugal had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had jurisdiction only to establish the amount of reparation to grant.
A company may not change its nationality for the purpose of diplomatic protection in changing its social siege, its domicile or the location of which it is controlled.
Ibid., p. 1.
“The Court notes at the outset that the applicants did not have a violation of their rights as a defence of their rights, as well as for the members of the General Assembly and to vote.
Mutual legal assistance to the widest possible extent is given, as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requesting State Party shall permit, in the investigation, prosecution and judicial proceedings of the offences that are a legal person may be responsible for the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [] [Responsibility of legal persons]
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of this proceeds or of these property or funds from their sale to the multilateral debt reduction of the requesting State Party.
]
An additional request by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should take into consideration the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family relations and the protection of the major family values.
Although the situation of those persons has little change in the recent conflict, some families could return to their homes, resettlement of displaced persons remains a major issue of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements for human rights continued to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and in this area, and that there is a need for increased cooperation,
Studies and studies
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent-owned soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed to see a number of external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Arias Arias, President of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive progress report on the subject submitted by the Government of Indonesia on 8 July 2002 in accordance with Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it would be necessary to draw the capacity of the Secretariat and to take all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcelo Spatafora, who spoke with both opposition on behalf of the European Union.
As I also see today's debate today's human rights institutions, I would like to emphasize the decisive role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Study of third cycle of political science in the University of Sacac-Céé de Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the Christmas Island, United Kingdom Cocos and the Islands Ashmore have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be housed in detention centres pending their asylum applications;
Because of the apparent signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have good hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the Conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of adequate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee on the issue of treaties has little progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made serious progress.
In negotiations previously held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denkash, in the framework of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State is in a range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not appear to reflect the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
There would be a more comprehensive information on the services to which women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on persons or entities responsible for these efforts and to take action in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second countries should be managed by those who are in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries are not a problem.
Ms. Aliffi (Morocco) said that the Organization has a very important role for internal oversight mechanisms that allow to identify irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to identify these transceptions as soon as possible and to avoid them.
The proposed issues would be added to the list of the draft Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, Part C).
31.4.4.2 The aerosic aerosols are to be classified as a mlammable, extremely unmlammable, unin-mlammable or uninfamable basis in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous youth has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
There is no rule of law, which is determined to implement its declared intentions despite the international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall in the expansionist wall, which would have an end to the Palestinian land and prevent Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, especially in schools, should contribute to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, at the special sessions of the Assembly, which will be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations global conferences in the form of observers, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator for the protection mechanisms of the deposits is easily reflected as the public considers that banks are not owned as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization is to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nacor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
The need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focal point for the international community's efforts to support the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster planning and management, including to transfer military control to civilian control, the responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, in New York, from 20 to 23 January.
It emphasized that the total cost of the costs constituted a fundamental need for UNOPS activities.
They have expressed a high job.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
It urges the State party to continue to recruit children as soldiers or as well as as well as to engage in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project is an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the electronic dissemination system of the United Nations system through links to the United Nations web site, which must be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Supp.
On a further note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations in the Working Group and emphasized that it was still continuing.
It was noted that there was a need to learn from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.o.int).
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the item on the basis of the draft articles contained in the relevant meeting of the relevant meeting, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, particularly production, movements and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Germany, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Japan, Japan, Japan, Mexico, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Japan, Japan, Japan, Mexico, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, Russian Federation, Republic of Korea, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, South Africa, Sudan, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the United Nations High-Agency Information Network was published.
The Conference began in plenary meetings its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the crucial role played by the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the United Nations Expert Group on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention has again been drawn on the need to provide uniform standards to police and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to transition countries in the forestry sector (1); a web site for the meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to timber (2);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, from children, ministries of the Government, the police, including the Central Bank for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For the meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, except by the participants; if the secretariats are not able to provide pre-session documents in all the relevant languages for their determination, they should, in exceptional, submit temporary plans to be applied in the form of pre-fabected or analytical summaries in the relevant languages;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not have the expression “the official language” [the “official” of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to ensure that “the Portuguese” is used as a working language in WIPO.
Such a exercise could be carried out in the framework of a inventory of the staff's language of staff that should be fully provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or the management of human resources.
It is also understood that the time frame of translation is added to the time frame of implementation.
For example, the review of the review process of the United Nations Development Assistance Committee in order to ensure that trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report in 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general study programmes, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend stereotypical attitudes in the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that children's education is a social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators for the inclusion of school dropouts and teenage pregnancies in national surveys on fertility had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of its consideration of the third periodic report on the subject of 300 days of 300 days imposed on women's mothers or divorces before leaving them.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that everyone can reconcile their family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000 is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence related to the weapons of Argentina in Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which the following:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to the project were presentations in paragraphs 304 to 312.
The amount included (a) of USD 2,300 392 under the work and materials that have been issued on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 under the retention of the SOG would be retained.
The evidence shows that the work of the United Nations in the past-off, in the course of the past, were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees of Iraq, for which the use of projects were left without surveillance.
No other deduction has been carried out after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi Customs authorities never cancelled the part of the fines (IQD 3488) that they had been imposed by the Consortium.
In short, the Committee finds that the reports and recommendations, whenever possible, are possible, and that the cost of their translation will be reduced.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in relation to the follow-up to the major conferences and summits of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various goals set out by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government committed to all efforts to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the reductions established by greenhouse gas emissions,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the sponsors would wish to ask whether a more often-time review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There can be no justification for any way that such smuggling, including the consequences, are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of the marine resources and protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it is worth mentioning the Secretary-General's observation in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if 2015, by 2015, we must be able to increase the leadership of the three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than poverty eradication.
A death in suspicious circumstances that have not been clarified has been recorded in the road detention camp, in which the Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of the two divisions in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, two times more than in the Pukuz and Gardz pilot phases.
However, such means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, at the time of five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country, in the north of ISAF.
The activities for which core core resources should be made, including:
UNIFEM strategies
The 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on Women, Peace and Security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Expert Assessment Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Development in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); No.un.un. to lose the violence against women (UNIFEM), 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel believes that the illegal import of Serbian weapons has increased considerably by the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently currently under five regional offices to Saclepea (com.g. Nimba, Vumjama (com.g. Lofa), Gbbarga-Phebeb (comong Bong), Harum (comuu Maryland) and Zwedru (comur Grand Georgh), on which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor had exercised its control on all of the highly beneficial, lawful or illegal industries, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Muslim groups would be due to improving the economic situation, opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially the elite of the freedom and democracy, but also to the efforts of the law, both and if the experience are apparently lost from many young people.
Today, the Ministry of Religious Affairs, in the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11 941 mosques in operation, of which 1, 840 would be in the process of completion and 1,079 in implementing them.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the Committee on Energy on its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set out and to implement the expected accomplishments in the implementation of the competitiveness and productivity of the Member States of ESCWA; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and technology applications to facilitate the creation of networks and connectivity; (c) Member States will use the recommendations made at the World Summit on the Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance; the Sharia was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define a combination of a combination of a long-standing and long-range ferromithtic and railway-based formula.
In collaboration with the law of the Lawrence Loreore National Labor Laboratory (United States) and the Bileal College of London, the Musumium of natural history continued to assess in-depth analysis of in-depth analysis in the area of chludts.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the seizure of seizure, its system of attitude and orbit, and its elements of guidance, navigation and control, necessary to the security approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two of them (a.e. a Ekrano and e-mail of a cara) have occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the associated elements were not listed, which means that their or unknown or unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghanistan Interim Administration to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the UNCTAD meeting in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather interdependent.
• Regional security considerations;
Minimum minimum requirements for medical treatment by drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred by previous sessions under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat will prepare a draft proposal to be circulated to members of the working group.
With regard to the development of content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that provide dissemination and optimal use by radio and users.
• In order to expand its work, the regional information centre will work closely with the offices of the resident coordinator in the country where there can be a range of partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as associations for United Nations.
Phase 2 has taken place on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which are fully operating in the multilingual capacity of the environmental environment, in order to enable users to choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing the custody of the custody, for the duration of the custody and access to a lawyer during the course.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in harmony with the two-year assessment period.
Ms. Shin would like to commend Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Thus, UNISPACE III has focused on:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of the LDCs in the United Republic of Tanzania, the support of Italy in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance, the United Nations Development Assistance Committee on the Coordination of the Least Developed Countries, as well as the United Republic of America's Development Assistance Committee, the contributions made by donors to the Governance Forum in Africa, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have made additional debt relief and the lack of reservations from the HIPC Trust Fund, some of which had decided to increase their contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations in Jakarta is standardized; the members of militias in West Timor seem to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General rightly rightly said the Secretary-General, the sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of Timor-Leste to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed in direct contact on the web and archived basis for a discussion on the basis at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity, which refers to the Turkish representative, is only one — and I are here in the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local administration of Turkey, and no other.
The European Anti-Cracist Association is also organizing, each year, at Monecchio, Italy, the Craco Global Initiative, an event in both cultural and sports, which brings together artists and musromtic and non-traditional religious communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on the theme “Improving the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all of the Secretariat of the Secretariat, one of the members of the members of the Secretariat shall be eligible for children to pay the provisions of the provisions (i) (i) and (ii) above, the other may be entitled to the provisions of subparagraph (iii) (iii) of the same paragraph, with the same conditions;
The review of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants would have further welcomed such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East contained by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls and the human and mental health and mental health of children, as well as to the violence and harmful practices of children and adolescents, and are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation, as well as violence and harmful practices as infanticide, incest, early marriage, prenatal selection and female genital mutilation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of children, and recognizing the importance of optional protocols to the Convention, which covers children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and their request to fully implement them;
Convinced that collective action is the best results, it considers that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the outcome of the high-level group of eminent personalities on the reform of the United Nations but, in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine-action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, be included.
See, in general, Bille Practices in Poverty Reduction: Analystical Framework, Else Øyer (d.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at a close date as possible as possible to the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the report, which are summarized in chapter III of the report of the Commission, in chapter III of the report of the Committee, in particular, to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted at the first or second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration are a suitable level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will hold in 2003, within the limited resources available, at least one session of a duration of 10 working days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation for documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is today in the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is in the process of establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the result of the economic and industrial industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, the reconstruction, peace, today — is a historic historic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and we are in our way.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China has not signed itself, it has not been prevented from the exchange of exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have reportedly died in the circumstances related to the war since 1989, at least half of the non-combatants were non-combatants.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In cases of a violation of women's rights, the person concerned has the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In Latvia there are a number of non-governmental organizations that are devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been handicapped in its work by a number of factors, which, in its relatively small, high-value, high-value budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the nature of the information infrastructure outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always been reluctant to rebut the indictment that it does not meet the mandate of the United Nations Charter.
It is therefore encouraging that, taking into account the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons eradication plan before 24 December 2002, such as the Plan of Action to carry out the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, the latest of which is resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, in the framework of its expertise and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we need to act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to help better the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will complement the actions undertaken by the intergovernmental and intergovernmental bodies, including summits and high-level summits since the submission of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit for Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and their marginalization, they are often more likely than that others in violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Africa Division
Fourteen countries have benefited from equal and higher support to $4 million.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola is working to resolve certain humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly vulnerable to developing and strengthening the Bougainville's technical capacity in its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken the control of certain parts of the Western Slavonia and the Israeli Slavonia, together with the occupied territories in a single State, the “Presidator municipality Serbian Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development of sustainable development.
Such cooperation enables individuals and businesses in developing countries and help to attract national and foreign investment for the enhancement and modernization of production capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing of developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all the wrong wrongness and the campaign of campaigns aimed at denying the Arabs and Muslims in the identification of such terrorists.
It is, however, behind the discussions that had taken place before the war and that it continues to remain controversial, an acute problem of the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide bombings targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is in its entirety of the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council is more visible and more relevant for ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As a result of the implementation of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, that future future events would be welcomed.
The process of review was not a renegotiation of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators relating to general policy, which is at the national level or international level, were more difficult to define indicators for concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should receive adequate attention.
The errors of this type in the report, which could appear in the report, were a serious and fundamental reality if it was in a political context.
It was alleged to inform the representative of the United Nations that, as a result of the fact that there was a need to make a comparison of the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exished, with political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, as follows:
The assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of the General Assembly, dated 15 December 1998.
It also participated in a number of ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, the members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of the first national associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions were carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Action Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, at Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, national economic and economic policies, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and is essential to the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2 195 in June 2005.
The drafters of the report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on the various forms and a multisectoral approach is productive.
Emphasizes that all existing and future peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
Members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Mankich (Belarus), Vice-President/Rapporteur.
Insolvency procedure
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council in the peace process.
The provision of 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General has appointed the Director of the Director of the Division for Programme Development and Technical Cooperation to further enhance the evaluation and develop appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to the discovery in other integrated programmes and to adopt this approach as a model method of UNIDO, the indicators of indicators is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim covers six contracts with INIT for the sale of articles to be used in the oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for these comparisons is not ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements that UNIDO is responsible for a disproportionate responsibility that it manages the entire buildings of the VIC are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations, which is clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation and that it is why the restrictions adopted in this last case, namely 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transposed in the case of the scope of the reservation, which is reflected in the practice, including the practice of the reservation,
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil spills in the underlying waters is being destroyed.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or administrative measures taken in order to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of arms are subject to responses to issues 22 and 23 and any other activities that such procedures are considered as an offence under the applicable criminal law in this case.
Space space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): At the 11th years, the United Nations General Assembly adopted annually of the resolutions calling for all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction as well as freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues to be steadfast to open political openness and continues to deny the people of Cuba the most fundamental rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Contingent Transfer Unit would be requested to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again arrived at 910 hours, the Inspectors met with the Director of the Logistics Services, which had raised questions relating to the activities of these sites, the type of medicine and diagnostic equipment collected, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and that changes had occurred during the four years.
A ceiling rate of 24 per cent and a ceiling rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the establishment of the assessments of the States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice on the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate protection for persons who are entitled to strike or participate, provided that the movement is organized in respect of legality.
Equal access to higher education allows the opportunity for school students who wish to continue their studies to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and the termination of plant and animal species in some quarters (for forests, rivers and lakes) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current level of poverty is likely to continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (for minimum age), the insured person paid for less than 20 years are entitled to retire at the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18 above.
The European Union underlines the importance of rapid deployment of the force-based force of the international stabilization force.
Is you meet problems related to the submission of names and information information in the list of names?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limits of War Crimes and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be required in this case, in this case, to apply fully to those, when justified by the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have guaranteed the international level of protection of children, but they remain without progress.
This approach should be re-evaluated by the Security Council, since it is taboical, a anachronron, and is an act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreed truce.
Expressing concern about the plight of many Kuwaiti and nationals of third States who have disappeared since 2 August 1990.
(a) We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and has been very important.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement explaining his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that the claimants would pay due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,739,9,8383 per cent of commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, which will be assigned to the “E4” Committees in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to promote broader acceptance, for the operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate necessary measures and to establish necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since signing the peace agreements
That is why the next Government is urgently important on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive definition of human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
The reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion, in subparagraph 1 (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the following definition for the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the following document and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider new priorities, it was important to identify the existing activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of 1983, which is currently responsible for the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Budget and Finance Committee, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the guarantee and effective respect of human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and set out in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Fearch on space debris, the safety of space objects for nuclear energy sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
Activities of space object: the satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement such measures as well as to ensure that comprehensive human rights and oversight programmes can facilitate transparency and prevent the placement of funds acquired in illicit harm;
We greatly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global system of the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed its resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a mechanism for cooperation and inter-agency coordination and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum from the deletion of the Sub-Committee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law in the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities in the oceans, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the recovery of the minimum base salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible adjustments to the contributions of staff to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which indicated that no change was required in the immediate future.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, food services and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of the Roma del Cauca, who visited Cali to support the road of Cauca farmers.
There is a need to report the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, in particular, trafficking in persons with a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term reduction of poverty.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is set up and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict settlement.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, in particular small arms and light weapons, will ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and to promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make some remarks, and first on the developments in the time of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a situation in conflict.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, for credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
It also emphasized that the Charter should be the basis for the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines to heads of leaders of the Network for Youth Employment
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, in relation to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a Party may choose to establish procedures to be recognized and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or seizure, or to be based on such a decision to seek its own authority to a freeze or seizure decision.
Governments have resorted to the security legislation to justify the censorship of some information on human rights and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different policies on the transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Spain, France, Italy, Norway, Norway, the Netherlands, Sweden, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures that are more broad than the only fight against climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector are under this category.
Policies and measures aimed at combating the emissions of P44 from the road of animal origin, which is concentrated on the decline in the number of livestock, the reduction of livestock-based livestock (Belgium), the decline in the number of livestock and research programmes specifically designed to address the ways of reducing the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will take place on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which covers renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In the case of modern language, the words “in real terms” or “or of the Internet”, such as the delay of transmission and treatment of the information reported by any reality, or in any case of the alleged loss of the Internet.
All countries whose economic functions have a common role to focus on the fact that the function of the work is in the area of business or activity between several companies.
Many of the measures that have been conducted in recent years have been impossible without the progress made on concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources for each of the chapters considered during the four previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined during the past two years, although it is less than more than other countries in the West African region where the rates of 5 per cent of the West African region.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I would like to recall the guidance we have made to set out in Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that they have chosen, among priorities, human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions imposed on more small countries in the region is not limited to the provision of high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, the Iraqis will begin with the assistance of their allies and friends, and we look forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not explain a cautious factor in such a category of sources, it should be used to use an appropriate factor for a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever they occur in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also policy, which would allow it to consider the status of the final status in a immediate manner.
In particular, it should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly.
Such a transfer is important.
In Kosovo, however, there remains still much work to do so.
The maintenance of Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts to the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by virtue of a lease contract to the end of which it would become the construction of the construction and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further consideration of conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review of the Security Council's activities on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
In addition, companies are increasingly increasing to submit reports on the effects they may have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the five remaining reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in due time.
One of the areas of activity that have significantly evolved over the past few years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “criminal offences against individual liberty”, in article 151, which provides the use of the threat, abuse or abuse of the victim, which is a serious circumstance for the health or property of the victim, is a serious circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such as an aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the death penalty is in the case of two to six years of imprisonment.
Various regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not included on the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not undermine investigations or measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as evidenced by the Presidential Seminar for the Peace of Spier, on the strengthening of the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South African experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestinian and Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURK has been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had been granted to leave the Mission's area in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebels;

In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and ecological vulnerability of the region (b.e. the main level); to consolidate democracy and good governance, to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; promoting respect for human rights (the permanent objective) by giving special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the reporting period, the Council has considered many important issues of great concern for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, in Oceania and in particular in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in north-east in south-east and a lesser extent in the west of the country were threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can recover its legitimacy, to be more representative of the state of the global geopolitical character and to better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request submitted by Judge Navanethem Pillay Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until the case of the Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to support the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session will be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee is concerned that this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern on the rise of the age of marriage for the reunification of families is an urgent consequence of its mandate aimed at eliminating discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures were taken, such as the provisions relating to the custody of children and separate classes, to encourage immigrant immigrants to follow up.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially in the early century, the same types of problems, although in many different areas: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the establishment of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
C.E. D.E.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of the requests of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports from national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously been instructed for the State of Karnataka to leave the country to leave the country with the father François Marie God.
Technology had a role to play in the expansion of access to information, in particular in the form of geographic information systems, in the form of information and software systems, to understand and provide for the identification of the issues and challenges of geographical space, and facilitate public participation in the efforts of advocacy and preparedness.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure of giving the words that I am convinced, we am confident that we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last year a number of bilateral consultations, group or open-ended, in Geneva and New York.
In view of the view that economic policies in the abuse of cannabis were not only a threat to public health but also to counter-action efforts by developing countries, the efforts and resources made to reduce the cultivation of cannabis in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has undertaken several discussions and consultations on the legislative reforms on women's status in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students' teachers should be given an end of education in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector is the increase in life expectancy for all Guatemalians, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of care, and ensuring that health services are available to affordable.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on the remedies of justice, including a draft law which provides that lawyers are accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to better improve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The education programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and ministries concerned by the fight against AIDS and the lessons learned from experience in the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it wished to associate itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department is to hear that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 of 57 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between the bodies responsible to comply with the laws in sensitive areas or border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Audit Board oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of the State's funds by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of the State that is more than half of the shares or actions (art. 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is attached to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also ensure the follow-up to operational, financial and staff-related issues of MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have established and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan stated that it had concluded with 27 States in bilateral extradition treaties, which included the terrorist acts as a criminal offence, and reported that more than 450 suspects had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on drafting legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency to Haiti, and with the OSCE.
Communications campaigns
The Department of Public Affairs visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with the competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
This meeting offered an opportunity to exchange views between staff members of the Department of Public Information at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as a number of donors, on how to manage the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on issues that are major, is provided by the Office of the Spokesperson for the press, statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who have been travelling to livestock or others for livestock, without the authorization of its owners, or local communities with forests that supply water in water, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by a penalty of 6 to 18 months in prison.
The net vacancy factor for the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget, 16 19 and 22), were higher than the budgeted rates of the budget, including due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation of service and temporary accommodation for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
As a result of the Penal Code, the use of a third-party measure is to seek a third party, which is not in a punitive manner by law.
There are, in the case of Switzerland, many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of the courts of civilians in cases of violence and ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the provision of domestic housing and the prohibitions to contact the domestic housing and the prohibitions of contact, harassing and release, also entitled to the simplified provision of marital housing and the prohibitions of contact, harassing and release, also entitled to a general right to grant domestic housing if violent acts were committed.
This is not applicable only if the person was provided to the Federal Employment Service before receipt of maternity benefits or prior to the beginning of children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment is paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been compromised.
• In addition to the increasing number of divorces, women may not exceed the retirement pension;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government's action plan provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in which the police of the police and to carry out a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress on Sexual Exploitation of Children for Trade, held in Yokohama, in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems that the sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - a distinction on the basis of universalization;
6.4 Judicial procedures in relation to the German Bar who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and the right of visiting the right of residence did not provide for the right of custody to the parents' parents.
- Handbook for municipal policy activities in its area, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Sland);
- Responsibility for all land services and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons to ensure the supervision of the free-of-law-of-law of the Act of the Act on the Promotion of Women (SächFFFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the H.E.S.S.B.B.B.
Social assistance, commitment
Gichichberechtigungskuszet T Konze für für Fööramunggggichichichichteletentengigigung von Vuenen Yzänernle in Medicklungungzen
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as it was said, in the Declaration by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question is that we consider the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the past two years, the debate on the annual theme would focus on the opening statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should enable them to locate and monitor firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of this trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibz Chambamb
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic would be that staff members of international organizations are excluded.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we are not moving forward and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcome of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy plan to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to associate local governments, civil society and the private sector in developing and implementing road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a ad hoc working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss a peaceful settlement of disputes that might be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the Council or that will be at short time.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the cessation of wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest in greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance requires the primary responsibility of the parties themselves, even if they can use external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and in the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, physical damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate in-depth investigations all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination in follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairperson, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to armed conflict, marks and re-establish the explosive remnants of war in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition and competition policy, and in particular the commitment of the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Aw Aw
The deployment of MINURUCI is in a satisfactory manner, a first of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunications Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor has a particularly interesting experience and rich lessons to be able to confirm the positive results and avoid failure to avoid the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated at the month of November, and the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Greece*, Peru*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Greece*, Norway*, Greece*, Peru*, Greece*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Norway*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Portugal*, Romania*, Romania*, Romania*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, San Marino*, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia*, Sudan, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,
In the preamble to that instrument, States parties declare “as determined to stop the suffering and loss of human life caused by anti-personnel mines who kill or maim hundreds of persons each week, for most innocent civilians and without self-defence, especially children, impede the development and economic reconstruction, preventing the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and other serious consequences for years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonkidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the entire members of the secretariat, for their effective support.
It is in this context that the close links between the air defence systems and small arms systems were considered.
We call on the forces of the coalition coalition to achieve this essential goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international institutions and institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the higher United Nations education in the goal of providing assistance, both as long as long-term, for the recovery of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the appeal made by the Secretary-General for the reform of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realization of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries has not been reduced in a radical manner.
I firmly believe that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of the opinion that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the group was favourable for this idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally linked to the part of the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already last than you, I believe that I are the first time I am taking the floor on your assumption of this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, the human resources and institutions, to find themselves with solutions to their problems;
The Committee shall examine and approve the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements, which shall be forwarded to the Committee for the Budget and Finance Committee, accompanied by the Committee's comments.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that national demining strategies are established in order to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short-term priorities, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Office for Mine Demining, and established the United Arab Emirates and the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Action Centre in southern Lebanon.
We can achieve a protocol that is contained in the annex to the Convention and will take into account the security interests of the country while we help to eliminate old mines, which, as new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Fund's pledges amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure is approximately 10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Line of credit, similar definition to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives to report their activities.
The world is today about some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that define the need to respect human rights were essential, but it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee concurs with the decision and fixed to 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the late Palestinian claims of the category “C” claims.
Considering that domestic violence against women is involved in the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a arbitrary nature and the damage.
Why are both organizations themselves in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) General Assembly resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Economiceconomic developments due to the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The establishment and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single, in reality, to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General stated that the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention to which it should be devoted to the universal and non-discriminatory organization of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the commemoration of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for Children of the World's Children, which is a clear aspiration of the Egyptian States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger,
Emphasizing the need to operate on the industrial transformation of commodities in developing countries, particularly African countries and least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and their integration into the global economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parkervić Permanent Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, from 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional arms control agreements, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break the deadlock in which it is in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Situation of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic An Families, United Nations Declaration on the Situation of Life.
Its impact goes beyond borders and is why international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, the amount of $1,12 million will be funded by the net balance of the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003.
The Special Rapporteur plans to submit in 2004 a final report in 2004 to consider the two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established in order to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these summaries would be flexible, optional and database.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchange between limited groups from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
It also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the COSAPAP, and the efforts of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers the most appropriate as appropriate;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi that would help alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their efforts on the national plan with the efforts of the international level.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of the principles, his country believes that the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet has not only positive implications on human rights, which explains the current debate on the rules of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on the principles of guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Burtonton); Mr. Jagdy Bhagwati, Director of the Central American and International Affairs (University of Justice); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of the Central American Dialogue for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oueraogo, League of Consumer of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training in the fight against crime related to international terrorism
In addition, it is clear that macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required in the framework of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, there is still a need for further solutions to increase international liquidity when necessary, by various means, including the temporary provision of special rights rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty will preside over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, which meets each year by rotation, is now the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan is obliged to recognize that women are a major part of the population that they are working and must therefore develop, implement and continue to administer appropriate services to the specific needs of women and those of men.
This is mainly attributable to the development of primary education and the fact that school schools are better suited to their students.
Multi-sectoral task teams have been responsible to combat the threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another scope of limited scope on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of female women reported that they did not participate in the decision-making of financial loans, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in a number of countries, by providing advice, to the request for the reform of public service.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's responsibility for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
It is also applicable to the claims for loss of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General, in paragraph 71 of the report of E2(1111; and in paragraph 89 of the report E2(3).
Report E2(3), para. 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who committed terrorist acts, even if those acts are considered as political crimes, may be obtained.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just recall that the situation in Iraq is the challenge of the challenges that are real challenges and that we call on all, we must call here and now to the international community, and we call on the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to reiterate my delegation's deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordinating mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 per cent in Madrid in Madrid and 4 months and a half of practical courses in the organizations of developing countries, a assessment phase in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are the young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in professions traditionally male, more than 45 years, who are unemployed from 6 months or more than workers, at the time of conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same part of a contract for indefinite or determined time prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is the most important.
This improvement in the situation, however, is less marked by women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than men (55,36%).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and that the most cruel and more cruel and most cruel nature of the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full number of challenges I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will join all initiatives to uphold international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in the areas of non-regulation.
Activities planned for the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (at total, one of 2300,000 km square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United States accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Information Analysis and Evaluation Section (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programming framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South Cooperation as well as thematic initiatives that have taken place in particular, inter alia, facilitating trade facilitation, rural energy use for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction in the post-crisis sector,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural factors, individual and social, as well as illicit drugs have exacerbated the problem of the use of psycho-active treatment at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the draft articles, the Commission decided to continue to take the basis for the work of the topic on “work” and to release any formal modification.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the “United Nations Commission for International Trade Law”, replace resources (before recosting): $34,500 dollars (before recosting): $364,500)
The Commission requested the Government to report that it was considering amending the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws, to include the principle enshrined in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, among which participants in weekly meetings on economic and senior public administration officials, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of the considerable benefits to build the people of Iraq.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has grown almost almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers for Defence and Security in September should finalize the establishment of the Government of National Reconciliation and to eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we understand, we have faced these threats, collective responsibility, to return the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the “food-for-food” programme that would provide the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be considered by my authorities, and we share the right to give our views on the programme as soon as possible.
If a Party considered the need for assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the backlog, it could be noted to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it works by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All liquidation operations should be carried out on the basis of the planned locations, exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism has been established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide to the Parties referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, of financial and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to respect the regulatory measures set out in articles 2A to 2E and article 2(I) or any other regulatory measure set forth in articles 2F to 2 in accordance with article 5, paragraph 1 bis.
Law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that the telephone, telex and postal services were also being used.
(3) The State party seeks to implement a temporary measure of protection, which is promptly informed to the court of any cancellation, suspension or modification of this measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including the court of court could suspend the execution procedure until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties have been duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in support of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information for information, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and the required investments to strengthen local service providers, or to create such capacities — could require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar measure is to be provided in the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract to cancel the contract, unless a competent court to hear disputes on the contract in question does not decide in the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Proceedings
It is estimated that the calculations have been made on the basis of an exchange rate of $899 to 1 United States dollars.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, for subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (S/1999 2003): Professor, Robert F. Kennedy for association with Professor Philip Heyyman on the basis of the various national and international approaches used for the prosecution of the law of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: building the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8 November 2002
8 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “peace change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the achievement of the activities referred to in the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to enhance the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to the General Assembly,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to enhance the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also took note with appreciation of the financial and other assistance that had been made to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the Styrie and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metia, the Swedish Public Studies Office and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there is a large number of people infected with the virus.
This project has focused on the Director of the Fund of the Fund of Cambodia, as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use could be made in the debate of the General Assembly in plenary for matters considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, among other things, to self-determination and perseverance, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of dissolution of the marriage after the use of the author, the woman has also been entitled to maintain its maintenance during the time of the time of the time of the period of origin, which is the subject of a person's departure to the end of the time of the period from default, except otherwise agreed between the two sides on the amount and modalities of payment of this claim.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget during the school years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
Post-care facilities are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify that these institutions comply with the applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its constitution, in many of its provisions, is of equal equality of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator for the Labour of Children, 1998
Adviser for the preparation of a programme for social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall submit to the Conference of States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices, and its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo fails to make any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of achieving change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzchezv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties that will be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Declarations and declarations
Rapporteur: Ishaqq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal norms in the context of human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In cases where a special debate would be decided, the theme should be made in relation to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation must not be replicated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations on the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
The submission of the report for the implementation of resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of the certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i) (ii), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, on the preparation of a mechanism for monitoring and promoting all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
As at the centre of East Timor in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for the purpose of land and development in the land of agriculture.
Finally, Ms. Khan seeks to the State Party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the periodic report.
Accordingly, the duty of protecting the right is also the world.
- The two sites of the two sites through appropriate means (i.g. or chhibar);
Some observers have made an additional increase in the demand for the United States dollar to control Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to draw new directions to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by providing a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros who have allowed the work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are members of UNICEF (on half of women), a woman in a duty-making forum.
If these conditions are met, the goals and objectives approved at the special session will be a great step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of a additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by the JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has met with the objectives set out by the Organization in 1990 for gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, the States members of the Commission are constantly continuously and always under the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be construed as a fight against religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demem status of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227 of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the debate on coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have put the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect the determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures set out by the Committee for the Programme of Iraq, the funds made by the Committee for the Programme of Iraq, as well as the delay of the requirements of the Committee for the Programme of Iraq, and in accordance with paragraph 8 of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, as appropriate, to settle the requirements of the Committee for the Programme of Iraq, and the delay in the amount of shipments, transport and storage, in accordance with the provisions of the subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph, with a view to fulfilling the tasks assigned to it in subparagraph (d);
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group are contained in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have a impact on it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Commission on Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Pearch for action for strengthening SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the Commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote in order to be representatives of participating States;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council has expressed its concern to the continuing economic and cross-border factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, on ways to combat these issues and cross-border cross-border issues, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and their request to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government is submitting for all draft laws.
It was hoped that it would be able to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, in particular that the document in 1991 to the World Summit for Children and the Final Document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, held in 2002, specifically mentioned the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the Second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory education for all, has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it is requested, and to provide strong support to the humanitarian and development challenges caused by the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or acquire real property or assets in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incidents throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2008 submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know that the indicators are better suited, which will require different aspects of the right to health, and then in the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that pre-trial detention of a person detained or detained may be treated in the acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of their liberty under laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular — a detention camp, a recovery centre or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its impact.
Thirty-eighth session**
(d) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising public awareness in the importance of efforts to address the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
In some States of traditional and cultural practices that undermine the health of women and children.
States parties should also report the measures adopted to ensure rapid access to family planning services in particular, and sexual health and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article underlines the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider their rights in general, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and that most of the children's rights, far far from outside outside outside the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by the Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, by which they have committed to eradicating poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population, which is less than one dollar and that of the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government has limited to six years the duration of labour permits for foreign workers, to ensure that more women are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European norms on human rights, particularly in relation to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Sreatergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat crime-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, the Committee invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean States and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of the National Drug Control Programme, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources for the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation contained in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee could take action on the matter.
Decides to submit this following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
A alternate or adviser may act as a representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to articles 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary organ.
The President or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explanation of the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
It indicated that the organization had supported awareness and capacity-building activities in Thailand, including the identification of best practices on the management of organic pollutants of persistent organic pollutants and, at that date, held in Brazil, China and India, and other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates dozens of Palestinians as the importance of the principle of cooperation.
A few countries that have been monitored the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report pointed out that comparative studies had more complex than the problem of the problem.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA staff and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive President of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. H. H. Al-Sadadi, Adviser of the Chairman, to discuss the logistical arrangements and resettlement of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The Agenda website 21 for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/port_enil (see all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi shows that there are opportunities for strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún, which has occurred in Doha in the Doha region, had refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a new deterioration of economic and economic indicators and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, of the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be required to cover the payment of insurance payments if the payment of insurance payments beyond the biennium during which payment is performed, the Secretary-General shall request the proposed budget for each biennium of the financial period for the purpose of the period, in order to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, and must also take effective measures to address the problems of social and human rights that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement of populations and social inequality among peoples of developing countries and those of the developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
Obviously, it remains vital that each of us continues to continue in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control becomes increasingly more important at the regional level and at the international level, and effective verification is required to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiled mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already been individually individually, and in more than one occasion — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $270,000, 250 million are planned for the support of ICAO.
Modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial triennial policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the origin of funds is lawful or unlawful, only in the form of collection and purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that all Council adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would be at least one year.
Original:
“terrorist terrorism - a way to provoke an explosion or to provoke a fire or to commit any other dangerous consequences for society, the purpose of undermining the public order, to create a panic of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or international organizations, or to threaten to commit such acts in the same way”.
Women remain primarily in low-paid and low-level posts.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to make their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their active participation, coupled with their strong commitment and their diplomatic skill, explains the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 944.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries” was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now welcome the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to know the truth on past events is essential in order to prevent the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Information services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in order to understand that success or failure in any area, if there is no doubt that it cannot mean the re-emergation or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to meet the questions, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres, outlining the activities of a strategic message.
In order to plan and carry out other additional adjustments, we have been expected to review some of our priorities and propose to redeploy resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been working on some aspects of negotiations and should contribute to their preparation of analytical work, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These products had a low value in national value.
Least commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge to meet, since the prices of exports had fallen significantly in real value.
Development strategies had been redirected to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for accession to EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, in this regard, participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and organizations was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its efforts and facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Group established a database on the Internet, which includes the coordination of decision makers and ICT leaders in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within the limited resources available, financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a representative to the Transitional Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a policy guide for Senegalese women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil statement, marriage, food obligation, inheritance problems, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Add.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues on the possibility of the Organization of the United Nations serving as the function of the supervisory authority established under the draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue working closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
In Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans to strengthen their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted in late delay to conference services, without the explanatory note by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in cases of late submission of a report to conference services.
The law on international trade companies (International Business Tax Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of the actions assigned to the holder and, where these actions have already been issued, their statements and alternatives.
These services include the management or implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or the Bahamas, including the online financial services, the provision of service services for persons registered in international commercial companies, the provision of national law-making services, and the provision of service services and liaison services under the Act of Companies for a simple exemption (the variance Limited Center).
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some persons on a list of national exclusion.
The participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to comply with the implementation of the projects carried out by national entities, based on the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the monitoring of the presence and interference was not carried out in the rules.
The return of information also has also taken note of the importance of the management of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their enforcement agents to use the same format of information in order to streamline and facilitate the preparation of reports on the basis of the mandated deadlines.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staffing could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006306, S/23307, S/23308 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should be able to obtain and seek to verify, inter alia, the actual accounting results for the five years of previous years; the previous judicial situation and present identity of other main clients.
Also reaffirms that the Organization is firmly committed to a fair manner, on a geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, was difficult to address a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped to finance the environment, training and health projects, as well as programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the currency of payment, there was a need to inform the names of the benefits of the benefits that would be used by the official system in relation to other modes of security and the speed of transfers.
• The process for fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met many difficulties due to the lack of clear human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the operation of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
Because of armed conflicts and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in the past few years, one of the African countries that is more than refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure translation, in the Somali languages, with a note of appropriate information, as well as a wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, particularly drug abusers, to reduce the risk of disease transmission of infectious diseases as HIV/AIDS virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States should continue to receive documents in a suitable form.
The addition of the phrase “Support to support the efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be published rather than distributed free.
The consultations by the Council with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.1
The investigations on the cause of damage may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves, which have been investigated in the investigation and that they take a time to publish their findings.
In the context of the amendment to the Act No. 1015 entitled “The Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts to legitimize the International Sale of Criminal Weapons” is envisaged, although article 11 (a) of the text of the amendment is “other physical or legal person who usually operate in the area of financial intermediation, trade in jewellery, cement stones and precious metals, art.
It is important for the Commission not to disperse its attention.
It is also important to reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic co-operation in the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercising their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who give three children or more than 16 years of age, or two children and more than women living alone, receive a day of additional leave by week, paid by the average monthly salary.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is evident: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family and work was the most important way in the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology activities by UNIDO focused on promoting partnerships and substantive links (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, with a view to training of staff to the PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with additional information that it might wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on the links between evaluations, knowledge of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to work in the training of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider inclusion, in their programmes and bilateral training programmes of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, questions relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without prejudice to gender dimensions;
The Study Group exchanged a written exchange of views based on the report of the 2002 Review Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the discussion by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Resource resources
• The overall management of the decision-making process and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in order to provide a more efficient and adequate staff for the development of their benefits and their rights and to establish a system to ensure that all staff members are physically physical, psychological and emotional, as well as to fulfil their tasks.
• All equipment and individual articles are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Developing new modules for the Intranet
E. Material for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters in the French language, English, Spanish and Russian and four languages in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the basic principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of nominations for a permanent appointment and, where appropriate, financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tenders and relevant information on the attribution of markets, sufficient time to be left to potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of double criminality to deny assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: peacebuilding, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others of the same category, is presented in the following box; it is shown how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything except weapons”, the Group of 77 was looking forward to exploring with its development partners that they contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, that the international community must provide full support if it was to reach the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the ICT and communication technology strategy:
At the time of time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation of becoming more more and to ensure that our President does not do so.
(e) To ensure the maintenance and strengthening of cooperation and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
It is also necessary to provide the necessary time for arguments (e.g. they have generally been generally two days, depending on the number of accused accused.
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during periods of time, for example, in the following formula: trial A five weeks, trials of five weeks, trial A five weeks, and on the Defence Counsel in the case of trial, in order to stay in the case of the trial.
Members of the Board of Directors of the United Nations System of Directors for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe that it is a good and useful framework for revision, re-evaluating and adjusting existing policies in respect of the support costs for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 of its activities to the General Assembly, which, in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or to the Assembly.
In addition, it would also like to recall the need for the freedom of the press, to attract the attention of Egyptian authorities on the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that it is therefore prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar on the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the same time, in the past 10 years, institutions, initiatives and European legislation are all in the sense of inclusion, recognizing that the protection of minority rights was an integral part of all democratic developments.
Like Guyana on the collective system for peace and security, it is intended to ensure that the new Council of reform will reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is the highest importance.
We must therefore introduce global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, and also should be strengthened to support the development of least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pjejeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a transboundary perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as the exchange of information on this subject;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to ensuring more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the operation of the global support project for national communications, in particular its efficiency and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidelines of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
By increasing the volume of the Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of people in the Russian-language website has been increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after having considered a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The oil and salt of women are among the most important elements and metal metal deposits (good, zinc and lead) are very large.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland has reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperation with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it does not stop.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, of the deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is admissible only in the principles and modalities set out by the law.
The issue of Northazzani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and an escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on the activities required to be allocated from additional funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table 100 below;
Takes note of the United Nations Development Fund: a peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a principal mechanism, with the aim of facilitating, primarily through technical assistance, voluntary participation in negotiations for the delimitation of maritime borders between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities in the implementation of their contributions to those funds, as well as to the States parties and other entities in the area of the delimitation of maritime borders between the Caribbean States;
Also takes note of the regional economic policy of the Pacific Islands, approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and took note of the initiative of the United Nations system to improve consistency in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels, have abducted or suspected to join their ranks have been sent to the death of the front.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecenenen de Buyramwerhe supports the proposal for the review of the question for two years, on the understanding that the voting of the motion does not imply a position for or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need for a consensus on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising of officials and public opinion in the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property mentioned in note 11 to the financial statements were the title of the organization at 31 December 2002 as a result of any burden.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of the recruitment, without only the person had been previously appointed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteurs and the joint mission with the necessary assistance to fulfil their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse of the 1980s, indigenous women who are aware of the Bank's commitment to the implementation and compliance of these policies, which are often interpreted as a substitute.
CFAF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, whose vast majority are members of OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was noted that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly clarified that the claim for political motivation should not be considered as a justification for refusing for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To formulate comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the establishment of the post;
The increase in the requirements of the General Assembly for the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support of the United Nations Office at Geneva in accordance with the request made in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, as well as the additional requirements for furniture and equipment for the replacement of equipment for the use of such equipment, as well as for the purchase of furniture and equipment for the new staff members of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support of the United Nations Office at Geneva, is set out in accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services, as well as for the purchase of furniture and equipment for new staff members.
This is a “common-based” services for which the definition of the definition and use are also important for most of the environment.
In designing, they meet a clear intention and aims for environmental purposes: e.g. a recycling station will be an early recycling station if the technical techniques used are severely modified.
With regard to intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Property Aspects that affect trade (TRPIC), developed members of WTO providing incentives to transfer technology.
Several recommendations presented to the meeting were to be undertaken to be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in expenditure and the overexpenditures in this heading are due to the revision of the proposed adjustment rates for staff members of a higher level and a reduction in the number of staff members appointed at the lower level of staff who have been authorized, as well as an increase in expenditure for the payment of the Mission's staff in the amount of a higher level of staff.
(a) A new subparagraph read as follows:
Description of the methods used to identify major sources of reference to the tables of the main sources of the FIU on the level of detailed tables 7A to 7A of the IPCC Practice Guide
The Parties included in Annex I should take all cases in the amount of certified amounts or removals, in the area of activity and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the topic relates to primary obligations of the State and determined that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It was also the need for no obstacle to judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of collective action is the rule of the general mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as ours to assume the burden of high-profile meetings.
A number of resolutions were adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which significant measures to revitalize the General Assembly and that it is based on the draft resolution that we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are not all the same.
These who are in custody are accompanied by pressure on the purpose of becoming to accept the amendments or changes that would limit or minimize the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, which requests to be part of the World Trade Organization in the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have their functions during the duration of a nine-year term, the annual pension amount is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that had been found that they could overlap four claims “E4” claims reported losses of new or more important losses in relation to those declared by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several Governments reported that, in order to attract direct investment, such institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the sector sector.
The globalization of development also requires the removal of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and the increase in resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary crossing of the border was opened between the barica in Kosovo and Stzimirir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the purpose of local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Serbian Government not to sign a agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo plates and by their appeals to discourage Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK for the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/7/7);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that this is a first step in the leadership of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link this site from global sites and the ECLAC website on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be launched at the time of June 2003, in the event of the fourth regional coordination meeting of United Nations inter-agency coordination.
The oil price has already already included a “war war” of approximately 5 million in the last months of 2002 and exceeded 31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will take every first step at the initial structural adjustment by the accession to UEM in order to meet the level of reference defined for budgetary deficits; given their departure, they would therefore be able to apply in this period a rigorous fiscal review, which would have consequences for economic growth.
Ahenn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Domestic Self-Government Act, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of this authority may be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroe Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is for example for the cost of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of integration projects.
The Centre's social Charter in 1989 provides the right to use collective action in conflict conflict, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative played an important role in advocacy and facilitating campaigns that have led to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a key role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-European Union Development Cooperation Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, in the various elements proposed by the Special Representative in the EU-EU Joint Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide audience, particularly in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and those of human rights protection mechanisms, including through the adoption of a gender-based strategy on gender equality.
The Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations for grants
In accordance with the provisions of consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, the latter approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations involved in consultative status should submit all four years on their activities, including the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP has undertaken in 2002 a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects to streamline its activities, better targeting and more effective.
Women's focal points were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs enhances their capacity to implement national gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs accounted for a characteristic of the economy of services, and often the major firms in developing countries were in a global scale.
In the area of statistics, data collection, as well as work on a assessment of social impact and impact on development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important than African countries continued to negotiate parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the work of the technical authentication process
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen the institutional and institutional capacities in this area.
Action by States

The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a legally binding instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to agenda item 3, Progressive development and codification of international law of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8 (judicial affairs) and 2 (General General Assembly affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
To distinguish between the two types of cloning that is intended to try to conceal the fact that a human life for the destruction in order to produce embryonic cells or other experiences.
There is a need for discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport and communication infrastructure and communication technologies, including the elimination of the “abolimts”, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System of Action at the United Nations system for the fight against drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, to address the Guiding Principles on Displaced Displaced Persons, and urges the international community, in the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national programmes and programmes to alleviate the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two local AIDS-based surveillance stations, at sea-Bonnet (PS08) and Shakeville (P.130), were officially officially issued by the provisional technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionion-on radion-on-cigo-on-cigi-in-piglk (RN16) was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a comprehensive command and transparency post, which marked the recent appointments of senior posts.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally revised an amendment to the draft resolution by which paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g., in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which are cooperating with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or to update their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
At the longer term, a legal framework for a flexible and effective legal framework could constitute a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision by the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of the Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will establish procedures for national development priorities on 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In this ministry, a State Secretariat has been responsible for promoting women's women and participation in development, demonstrating the commitment of the Government to give special attention to women's issues: the Congo, all of the Governments of the State party participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the group of Maadrilrral and other countries for the initiatives taken for LDCs in the area of access to markets, which was required to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
It is expected that the Organization concluded this year on a significant cash balance (estimated in over 44 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to meet the estimates.
Ecuador
Maintenance of the agenda
We have provided food, tents, products, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and poor resources in East Asia.
In the context of its daily work, women are the primary protection of forest species and is therefore that it depends on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group for the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up to the fight against terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the sponsors of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources available, the Government of Belarus intends to advance this process in a few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to opinion, the basic criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the notion of “official procurement”.
The medium-term Working Group and the programme budget will be held annually annually on a thorough study on technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be considered as well as the economic well-being.
The Emergency Action Programme launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that, at all parents, the need to guide children, to raise the right to a healthy environment, to promote the sense of integrity, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service for others, to contribute to the strengthening of families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the West African subregion, in South-East Asia and in some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules on the preparation of reports cannot be effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor's police in both areas, in addition to its ability to cope with civil unrest.
Moreover, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to know whether they wish to participate in the work of this new team and to provide to the Office for Outer Space Affairs coordinated by the focal point to be appointed to that effect.
The Czech Criminal Law in a certain measure of the behaviour described in this article but the penalties required to be changed.
Indeed, both in urban and rural areas, illiteracy is accompanied by extreme poverty and work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage direct foreign investment to African countries.
The Group consists of seven persons.
The members of the Committee have discussed the item without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address them.
They support the military activities of the United States on their territory, since they would not forget their own history; they know experience that the vulnerability and protection of the human rights and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.int/commerce.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 with respect to income and expenditure and the implementation of the evaluation of the recovery policy also provides good opportunities for the financial plan and the UNICEF budget.
General
The summary table IV shows changes in the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
The summary table provides to make comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the current biennium and for the next biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to Cuzco (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic action programme to defeat poverty and social exclusion and address the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and foreign relations as well as the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts of the region continued with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 9, 19 and 24 December; 7, 7, 19, 19, 23 and 31 January; 6, 10, 19 and 26 January; 8, 9, 7, 19, 23 and 31 January; 7, 9, 19 and 26 April; 8, 9, 7, 19, 23 and 26 January; 8, 9, 19 and 26 April; 8, 9, 11, 13, 19, 19 and 26 April; 8, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24; 8, 9, 11, 13, 19, 19, 19 and 24 to 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly in order to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for appropriate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, such information is based on the recent study of the Council of Chief Executives Board of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are entirely totally or essentially to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the outer environment can be accompanied by the fact that there is transparency and mutual confidence.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
Without the right of those persons, let me take this opportunity to address the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can talk to victory when these attacks will take place, because they will lose the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons members of organizations who were competent to the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational entities that have been accredited and designated by the Council.
This is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the considerable and difficult tasks that they had been entrusted.
Review of the review of the Kyoto Protocol
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of both countries from Asian States who wish to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Progress in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy was the greatest importance for the economy of the members of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
The delegation of Poland endorses all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is beyond the control of the State's control and tax controls, has a significant role in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
C. Non-governmental organizations
The joint programme would allow Member States to consider more comprehensively the prospects and risks of a global society and would serve as to implement the core proposals by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the 8 July 2000 Declaration and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in South (October 2002).
In detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on the strengthening of international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
As a result, new new entrants have been used in this guide and, although other stations were not followed on their example, a normalization of the motion was still possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to increase the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14−2 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various challenges and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important that the international community is a priority to the achievement of this goal, in the framework of the United Nations, in order to bring a decisive step towards peace in that region.
It should also be noted that a better understanding of the issue of the membership of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by the resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or financial resources of persons or entities, including the funds of persons belonging to such persons or entities or controlled, directly or indirectly, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory may not provide funds, assets or resources directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Virtually all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this action by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Enforcement of Financial Offences (FATF)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of funding and non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission emphasized that they were not engaged in the form of the full and fair implementation of the ceasefire, including immediate and unconditional access to humanitarian organizations to provide food and medicines; full respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations to provide food and medicines; full respect for human rights, including the end of recruitment of child soldiers; and the investigation of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group for the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in a general manner and the provisions of various conventions on the responsibility and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea has considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) of the criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the Law of the Sea, on the draft space and research activities carried out by international organizations or under their auspices; and (3) responses to the revised questionnaire of IOC on the practices of States in the field of science and research, and transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a follow-up to this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community on development.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly will request the Secretary-General to submit a annual annual activity report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has been ravaged by the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out this programme of internal and external areas to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to provide to the Secretary-General, for time, for the General Assembly to engage in its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand the participation of the standardized reporting system, including amendments to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding on how the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization has led some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a procedure “un”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, particularly girls, in the face of dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with the WHO partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as a best solution to protecting children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the efforts it continues to conduct the conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Peru, Qatar, Tunisia, Switzerland, Switzerland, Turkey, Turkey, Switzerland.
4.7 The judge shall consult on its personal and fiduciary interests and will make every possible effort to be informed on the financial interests of its family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technical support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacities; identifying new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration to support research in the areas behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-S-S commended welcomed the first substantive stage of the process that would lead to a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, within the Council to the United Nations, has been a very productive experience.
We are particularly appreciative of the determination and belief with which you have the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
General Assembly
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo trade centre in Maputo (Mozambique) is currently being completed in late 2003.
The DMFAS would be self-financing by making the procedures related to the more effective debt service and the inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a small country with a smaller population, but 2.2.3 million people are threatened by starvation.
I do not always understand why it is difficult to accept this statement.
2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget for each time.
Article 4.5. It is established that a contingency fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash fund for the Organization to respond promptly to the start of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide for full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide property or to assign a symbolic price to another intergovernmental organization, a Government, a public organization or another organization of non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the loss of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that it should submit to the Board of Auditors, at the same time as accounts, a statement of all of the amounts being made to the Board.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The need for confidence-building measures, therefore, should be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the same time appropriate by States in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be marginalized.
In Kisangani, it met with the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and the victims of sexual violations; it also visited the prison and caches.
The cost of the alternative for the building of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985 671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission and to take vulnerable groups to target the gap due to their origin and socio-economic conditions, particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and those who have to use their own or destructive lands against the adverse consequences of globalization.
Why is it?
My fifth proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of the two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and countries of transition of those States receive and implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, particularly the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role of addressing the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, namely the Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It was also trying to ensure that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and move on freedom, which was recognized in resolution 1441 (2002) of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their policies and policies, including a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions 1997/2 of the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, on a two-year basis of the debate on coordination issues in the review and evaluation of implementation, at the system of the system, of the agreed conclusions;
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The principal council that Mr. Dule can give the Commission to do so.
Strengthening the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through efforts and effective implementation, a reasonable compromise can be drawn on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the provisions of the 1994 Agreement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopts the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within a period of seven days after the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the Office of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of working with regard to issues such as space education and natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent realization of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve the implementation of national strategies, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the following two cases of the word “in-service” have been set out in one and the other cases replaced by the word “professional” and the phrase “the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the words “the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the problems encountered,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on small arms and light weapons in the course of which a discussion was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress on its initial refusal to support national redress and ensure the financing and institutional stability of payments by the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance for reconciliation, or to achieve multi-ethnic society based on Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we call for all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to address emergency situations in the field of civil affairs.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a stop to those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In that connection, there will be no zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He emphasized that its third concern was to ensure that the non-governmental organization did not have its status to the Council by conducting its activities in which the territorial integrity of a member State is in place.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50), were held.
The linkages between areas, the balance to seek, on the basis of the cost, the costs and benefits of such issues were extremely complex.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and Gas Resources in May 2003.
If yes, please describe the measures taken.
Persons whose DNA is also a matter of analysis, as well as that of such information, to which it is stored and that they have access.
The criteria for the text of the European Free Trade Convention are the following: (i) new; (ii) “ii) business activities; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Week of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Certified interpreters or Self-Government, Producono producers and broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To maintain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent compared to 49.3 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (with 50.1 per cent to 50 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights with respect to the citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were often used to use natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing, clothing and other basic commodities for children, and for the purpose of preventing school abandonment, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years owing to the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the pilot programme of common services of the United Nations Development Group, providing grants from donors to finance or improve common services available to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the strategy of poverty reduction strategy.
A representative that has a motion of order may, in his statement, address the substance of the question under discussion.
(e) It would be recalled that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission to serve as a focal point for the coordination of the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives undertaken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of the commitments at the intergovernmental level in Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Development Programme
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In view, the model for the extent that it comes beyond less than the two other system of the current system would be to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of employment for Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of mobility and hardship will remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalencies between the United Nations civil service and the United States Federal Administration.
He then noted that each of the borrowing was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the response by the international community to violence by strengthening the national level of prevention and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders of companies were present in the official launch, prior to the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a very extensive international network of 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by their respective institutions are reported.
• Rules (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has led to a climate of dialogue and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session, (1997), that the General Assembly approved its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The International Association of Women's Rights, the International Association of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Association of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the Congo, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the United Nations, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the United Nations, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the United Nations, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the United Nations, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of the United Nations, the International Federation of the World People's Republic of
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants, and calls for measures to mitigate the threat of a high priority.
These successes require long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations referred to the Special Committee on the Security Committee.
Statement submitted by the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNSO and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauuro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
The Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Traoby and Other Arrangements, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1959 annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they should be defined in order to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of results and to establish timetables for the implementation of outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is a need to establish three additional posts for the maintenance of military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, taking note of their marginalization and capacity-building to take into account issues related to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protection of protection, including the oil and military equipment, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on History, art.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development and called upon industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONDAM's form of violence against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressures on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Islamic Organization, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity between Member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and throughout the vital sectors of the Organization;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, preventing the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin as soon as possible, substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on External debt of African States and other OIC member States
REEREEE's project for organizing from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on private sector investment and the role of IDB participants in the member States in collaboration with the OIC institutions and also thank the Republic of Turkey for its appreciation for the workshop.
PENDOO, with appreciation to the recommendations contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of conscripts, to grant scholarships for the officers, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the Declaration of Principles for the Fight against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West Africa region, I hope, will receive a sustained attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and to our report, the subregional issues are enormous and we have set out in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive to avoid a possible conflict, if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of factors, as they require highly qualified and experienced staff, and provide a greater risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, the UNCITRAL called “recommendations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of a analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was necessary to combine the economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions that call upon the withdrawal of the Israeli forces of all occupied territories and the right of the Palestinian people to an independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) of 3 April 2003, the Minister of Finance of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/20808 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of persons and entities listed on the consolidated list and asked to prohibit the transfer of goods imported or exported by those individuals or entities and to confiscate them, and to provide to the Customs Directorate of all information.
Invites States to review and reform such cases as appropriate legislation and practices in order to prevent the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, as well as for boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide to the Special Rapporteur all data that have been collected from all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
In addition, the Committee did not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 will be supplemented by an amount not exceeding 200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each sub-office is adapted to the computer environment and the procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see a improvement in services that are proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change since it allows everyone to acquire new values and to change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, as everyone may enjoy all rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration without distinction, and that the individual has duties to the community in which the free and full development of its personality is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance, within the framework of expanded capacity-building programmes, to counter-terrorism capacities, to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Business Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Trade Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they were estimated at 211,111,115, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or a location where their lives is threatened and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is threatened;
There is a growing trend to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that led to undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees that it.
The General Assembly must conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets, however, that there is still many countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase in 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft general convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As stated in previous instalments, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, by which the balance of the claimants who had had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, which is responsible for the loss of losses resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State addresses the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority are promoting hatred, glorization and offer moral moral, human and human rights, and the massacres.
If we do so, we will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Israel has a halt to the occupation of our territory, which continues to send settlers, which continues to violate their rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made on the mechanism for the development of a clean development mechanism and, in particular, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Council and in paragraph 19 below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended but the Government of the Pinochet Court had attempted to improve the provision of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 2002/21 of Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Board that it had identified the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of disputes concerning indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional and international knowledge”; and in 2006: “Children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a subvention to be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document had been discussed.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 Handing/proposal to an act of terrorism, neglect the existence of this link (10 years old)
In real terms, the expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no question to speak except when it is the right of peoples to combat their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is mandatory under the process of the Convention.
A series of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for the Development Activities of November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of voluntary contributions paid to the twenty-second session of the Council was only 551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If action is intended to leave or terminate the contract of an employee and, if the Head of the State of the State, the Head of the Government or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of the employer, this risk may interfere with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress of Fiera Milano, Milan.
This process is recognized and designated as a result of a democratic society or knowledge of knowledge or knowledge of knowledge or other development, which strengthens the systems of acquiring knowledge of knowledge, free human potential, to better develop and orient the social, economic and political life, which brings a society to the new phase of development.
Mary Ann I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons for personal and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the indicator set out by the Friends of the Presidency.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Attribution of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph.
The representative of any regional or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better provide the necessary leadership to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies that will be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the area of women's representation in different levels of government and public service.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take steps to ensure that all personnel involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment laws and business registration and a bill on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging that there has been no progress in the recent recent period of events that occurred at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth highlights is the fact that the Government of East Timor has managed to produce 44,11 million, including 26.7 million in income from the East Timor in the year, which shows that the State is increasingly increasing to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions on the development of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the judiciary.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increased with the years.
One of them would have been carried out in the primary entry of university, in the aim of which it appears to create a climate of terror after a single event before students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in the light of the controversy on the question of the international level of power to replace XV and the e-mail of coal, which had been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions that took place with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the goal was to address the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of the proposed texts in the hope of us to move from this political impasse.
We look forward to increasing the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
In favour of peace, we can be able to ensure that we are truly trying to achieve, making a determination and political will of political will.
I would like to express our appreciation to the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it will arrive at a time when there is no change in political attitudes, because of a new commitment to cooperation by the Saddam Hussein regime, the Council will be obliged to shoulder its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this connection, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime still remains the main factor for the cooperation of Iraq with the inspectors, and is also the primary condition to find a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Entities that are responsible for financial securities;
As we have stated, Egypt signed or ratified all conventions for the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards the fight against terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build the day in the next day, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia have always increased a large public and a third should soon be opened, both in Audit.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of intervene in the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Croatian Government has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure that education and science plays a central role in the search for social advancement.
There will be 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international norms and rules relating to disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of positive discrimination for persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the secretariat's divisions have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent against the budgets of the projects under the administration costs should be allocated to the Division for the Implementation of the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those who are destined for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other for adults for children, have made that the conditions in which medical personnel provide care is extremely difficult.
What policy has a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of resolution 57/11 of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and under the provisions of its Constitution on compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
The employment was slow and the unemployment rate remained at a relatively low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/French] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and the resulting shortages have serious repercussions on urban transport, increasing production costs and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
To verify the applicant's transfer of transfers in the bank and would transfer a higher amount of $10,000 from the United States or equivalent equivalent to another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules provides that:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, a multi-stakeholder group for the restructuring of debt restructuring mechanisms for the discussion and conclusions would be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision bodies.
