Therefore, it is concerned that the laws aimed at combating terrorism is to be involved in the United Nations peacekeeping agencies and the intelligence services of the independent authority to monitor and investigate justice.
Ms. Chzzzn (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur's future programme, and that it was considering appropriate information.
First, in particular, the representative of the Government, especially in the institutions of security institutions, and intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All the Afghan factions — including those of war and the Taliban — are often associated with illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, and that there is critical issues that it is urgent to address.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure a wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among the State State and members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures to implement these comments.
If additional funds have been available to the work programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget is increasing, as suggested that the high day.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the framework of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a P-4 and six posts of General Service will be redeployed to the website of the website, to strengthen the language of the web site.
Background
A new guide guide analysis in 2003.
The statistical data (see the replies to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seemed to show that the impact was reduced to women's access to unemployment.
In this context, the need to focus on the needs of the least developed countries since the participation of those countries in global trade remains poor and, until we have become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on Ocean Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is our country.
In this regard, in Iraq, a priority is a priority.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is a effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to implement the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
There is a need to go to the matter.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on the recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The revised legislative reforms, among other things, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of the necessary equipment to strengthen security in ports in ports and training of staff, particularly in the field of such documents of travel documents.
Noting that Governments of those Territories have sought to meet the financial control of the financial control,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In order to consider the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to be useful to refer to the annex in its decision 1999/6 which contains guidelines on implementation by the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The evaluation of girls's education in the Horn of Africa and Africa has enabled the root causes of the problem, resulting on the extent of the work of the family and the financial deployment of the financial and financial resources that are the primary health of girls to the family are key social factors for boys and boys, as a result of the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will be held at the time that we are able to address the appeal of the Secretary-General to discuss the future role of the United Nations.
In my opinion, it seems to think that there is still a number of acts to ensure that future generations will be expressed.
In this period of economic difficulties, the Government has focused on 5 million, the last year, for services designed to implement our strategic plan against HIV/AIDS.
OPIN No. 23/2001 (ORARA)
The initial judgement was made for asylum-seekers, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates has subsequently changed the judgement.
The Government submits that those persons have been arrested to conduct the Israeli authorities to reverse the legal authorities.
Mr. Yawowi (bbuooo, lawyer, former election, President of the Committee on Action for the renewal of the Plan, which has been arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a first six months and detained in the prison prison in Lomé, despite its application.
The Working Group, held that it requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be in place to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in terms of appropriate procedures and procedures to carry out their respective deliberations.
The settlement of this issue will not be made to strengthen confidence.
These new initiatives will help better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples of colonial domination in their means of the necessary responsibility in a global economy.
Only the United Nations is a legitimate mandate by its Charter and is the legal authority and political authority and the legitimacy of international and political legitimacy to meet the most important challenges of peace and security.
As at the time, the United Nations must not continue its tasks in Iraq but also to extend and provide greater support to the Iraqi people.
UNDP is currently a post-level mission for HIV/AIDS in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate the work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its previous articles, the organization, on the proposal of its joint coordinator and consultation with the Executive Board, has taken an amnesty of counsel, who have been entitled to have the status of the Council's status, which have been the work of the Commission on Human Rights and has no respect for respect to the delegation of the United States of America.
The Non-Aligned Movement, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 3,
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in the law on insolvency law and could be left to the common right, it was noted that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons for clarity and legal security, should be included in legislation on insolvency law.
Following a discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of recommendation received a support of support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also part of numerous international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money-Laundering Activities related to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Matters, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Affairs.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system in the area of a system of the system was the need to improve coherence and effectiveness of international law.
(c) In the case of the nature of the nature of the activity;
In a case in the other hand, the position of the market of the market cannot be considered automatically automatically.
However, the portfolio of the United Nations activities of the United Nations includes the highest value of the value of the value of the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1/L.2/Rev.2/Rev.2, 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the Secretariat, including the staff's staff.
As a part of the documentation of the Group, three documents will be not available for the session, but they will be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as well as all other documents requested by the Group.
C. Future sessions 45 45
The three options will not be mutually whole.
However, when those cases, the Republic of Haiti continues to be implemented.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its part of the most visible basis, namely the electronic format of any faith.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also is the principle of the principle of the Court of the Rome Statute of the Court on the basis that this body — the Court or the Council — is empowered to consider in the first case of individual criminal cases on the basis of acts or omissions of a non-member State to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions during a operation or authorized by the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed the adoption of resolution 14 (2002).
It is particularly concerned that the International Criminal Court, on 90 States are now a reality, has become a reality, taking into account the election of the elections, on its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the appointment of the appointment of the Registrar.
Although the United Nations Action Declaration has been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have to be pursued to combat and make weapons.
The first of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia has been identified.
According to customs officials in Nairobi and London, Saudi Arabia has been amended in Somalia by ships from the South-East Asian States in Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
The political groups that have been a first year in the power of the country's country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and to establish a effective system to ensure that United Nations personnel and personnel are able to fulfil their missions in security.
Although there had been its work at least two years, it has already received tangible results.
The Friends of the hurricanes that subsidies for fisheries should be used to combat the environment and the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In addition, it was particularly used for the development of a common language of the United Nations on the prevention of armed conflict, through interaction and experience.
The consultant has also been provided to propose other methods of financing for future costs under the post-service health insurance.
The United Nations Volunteers contracts between UNDP and other donors have been carried out by the Office of Support Services Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve in the field and housing offices.
However, in the case of the Supreme Court in 1995 showed that two 16 accused are women's lives, was women.
The Church is probably the most powerful of the most powerful society in civil Samoa.
In practice, police has been defined that a police officer is present when a victim of violence in home or sexual abuse.
The financial Centre of the Territory is headed by a legal officer and staff provided another legal opinion.
The pregnancy of teenage pregnancies are still a major focus in the rural areas and there are generally a concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as a result of the fact that the situation of the family in the part of the spouses of the village, generally the child.
Non-governmental organizations
Every effort must be made to create delay until the process of the process, while all the basic price of the norm is 30 years and still on biological weapons.
This legislation is also important for Armenia, because it creates a adequate legal framework for a future of the United Nations export control system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a major challenge for our time and imperative in the building of a world guaranteeing the development of nations in harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation by Belgrade to the United Nations Mission to engage in the search of a solution to practical issues relating to the opening of two new crossing crossings in the Democratic Republic of Serbia and Montenegro and Montenegro.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the policy of the rules of the status.
I join the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information that he have provided.
India will provide additional information on its comments and will participate in the discussions to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 29th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Rodríguez Rodríguez Para (Cuba) and R-20/4 A. G. Farhdi (Afghanistan) and Mr. Walter Balz (Maldives) Rapporteur.
In particular, it is particularly to continue to modernize the technical structure of the system in order to ensure the presence of the United Nations, including through the link “Question of Palestine” of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations to the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations in the area of the United Nations, and to strengthen its collection of information to the new and former documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before their intention, I would like to make a few remarks at the time that Japan took the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Committee will have the item at its next meeting, in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know on the vision of France for the future of special measures.
The period on the period has since since the submission of the first report of ISAF, and also provides the final evaluation of the action of ISAF III prior to the command of UNMIK.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not required.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is based in principle of a single sentence, which is a case of the fact that there is no doubt.
Mr. Rayvv (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the delegations of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom for their very comprehensive briefing on the situation in Iraq.
It is why the fight against desertification and mitigation of the drought through sustainable development policies represent a major challenge to the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult.
The programme has completed the issuance of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services to the United Nations Office in Vienna provide support to the efforts of the United Nations Management Management Section and cooperate fully to the implementation of the reform of human resources management.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy to combat drug control based on close cooperation between the parties and the Afghan Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the authorities of the United Nations and the State authorities were defined in the Security Council in the Security Council between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region was to consider all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Caroldinova (Azerbaijan), noting note that Armenia had intended to comply with the provisions of the relevant resolutions of the Security Council, requests that Armenia's main responsibility to the withdrawal of immediate withdrawal and without prejudice to the armed forces of the Territory of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to comply with human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate with the immediate implementation and restriction of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Working Group on Information and Communications Technology, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to the power of such crime and is in the way of concrete results that we wish to take their ability to exercise their ability to exercise their responsibilities.
If the situation towards a return to peace, UNRWA must continue to address the requirements of a conflict situation to a recovery phase and development, and to launch this end to the end of the Special Representative of the United Nations for the implementation of the Peace Peace Agreement.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 expenditures for the maintenance of the premises, due to non-term costs for 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali the social policy and standards of services to the host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoiding duplication of work and conflict.
Prevention and combating drug abuse
1.14 During the rate of the use of computers and dissemination of the work of office.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To the word “the “b”” after the word “and”” will be the word “and” and after the word “and”” after the word “electronic”” that the text should read as “b) and effective”.
(d) To ensure that various institutional actors are duly duly reflected in the values of the public service, particularly in respect of the life, management of resources, the management of resources, accountability, accountability, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2004);
A effort to promote indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We are too, and we are now able to put to Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as well as in the past, and in concert with all neighbouring countries in the subregion.
It would be able to lead to the accountability of the United Nations.
The export Authority is invited, before the use of a certificate, to request the exporter that it is a statement that the diamonds of rough diamonds are not diamonds diamonds.
Other progress is made:
(c) To consider how the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs of the United Nations system in the headquarters of the Tribunal may be followed, in particular the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of the submission of the submission of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the programme of mines had been delayed delays and the process of the destruction of weapons.
It was also expressed that the distinction between contractual arrangements and real aspects, in this regard, is fundamental and not not ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva, from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the opinion of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both as well as, as well as the training of education, including vocational training and measures for the families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the Convention and the parents (including particular initiatives to address persons who are born or not received education education, civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including the employment of hospitals;
(d) The difficulties that continue to raise awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the treatment of the treatment of the child and other circumstances concerning its own.
It was therefore aware of the approach to strengthen and improve the rights of human rights and its control on persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter of the right to the Secretary-General as a illegal, unfair and irresponsible nature”, and reject the demarcation process.
• The session of the United Nations
Figure 10.
The United Nations reform of the United Nations should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), which is that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remains the form of assistance to the most useful level.
I hope that I would like to support the aide-memoire of the aide-memoire, as a tool for the evolution of priorities in the protection of protection and that it will be useful in the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in protecting the protection and human rights of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to refer to the very important statement resolution 1502 (2003) by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the presidency of the presidency of the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian population must not be taken hostage by the factions of war to deny their access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund to comply with the relevant rules of the United Nations, and submitted to the High Commissioner for the name of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision in the fourth session of the World Trade Conference on the review, through the Council of the Human Property Council, through the relevant links between the Agreement on the Rights of Intellectual Property (Related Aspects of Intellectual Property” and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures to address impunity and accountability and promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council stressed many occasions on the importance of the importance of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farh (Islamic Republic of Iran) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Abndo (Colombia), Mr. L.org (Colombia), Mr. V.org (United Republic of Iran), Mr. Ali (Philippines) (spoke in Iran) Mr. Ali (Philippines) (spoke in Iran) and Mr. Wanghi (Ukraine) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to wish to thank the three points concerning the situation in Afghanistan.
I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for his generous and continuing support to the fight against narcotics.
States may act in isolation with the problem.
(d) Effective management systems and internal controls;
States Parties shall endeavour, in accordance with their domestic law, to accelerate extradition procedures and simplify the requirements of evidence relating to the offences which applies to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of participation in offences of offences, where they are located or where the other persons concerned;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article has not been intended to require the continuation of sexual offences.
The State Party should consider that a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained by the author of the offence may not be prosecuted for death, or or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Oversight Office adopted a harmonized directive with the Office of the Financing of Programme, which included the systematic review of the monitoring mechanisms of the country offices on the request of funds, including additional contributions to resources and the preparation of reports to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre, UNEP, UNEP, the World Bank on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the United Nations Regional Centre for the Management of Human Settlements and the National Development Programme, the World Bank of Cities and Local Affairs, the United Nations Regional Centre for the Management of Human Settlements and the National Development Programme, and private companies, and private companies, as well as private and private companies, as well as private companies,, D.g.,, D.g., and light
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was retained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods that will be used for the destruction, the location of all of the destruction and standards of the standards of security and protection;
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/Mawan.
Informal “informal” consultations on the draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Creedom of external debt and development” (agenda item 9 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
In September 2000, at least 127 Palestinians have reported their homes in the Israeli military forces, which had invaded cities with the support of tanks, troops and helicopters and destroyed houses in their homes, while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in this effort.
On the last point, I cannot take place in the details.
Madam President, I thank you for the present meeting I thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) of his very comprehensive report and proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council and the emphasis on the threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain on the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 476th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (C/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/2 Item 121 -- draft programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have reported examples of other of the official statistics, which will develop and publish statistics in their own area of work.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It is firmly committed to the fulfilment of its obligations under the Treaty and agreements in the Review process of 1995 and 2000 and calls upon the speedy implementation and full implementation of 13 measures to be agreed in the Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations are often aware of radio and television officials to inform civilians from the presence and threats of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
Summary by the Chairman
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[The delegation of the Democratic People's Democratic Republic was informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the review of human rights issues, as reaffirmed by the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Karayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
The completion of the peace process will meet the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the situation of the emergency situation caused by the devastating economic displacement and the impact of a conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more depth.
CONTENTS
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member of a member or a representative of the time that he was granted, the President shall immediately immediately proceed.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties, and in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested individuals.
States parties to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures taken to implement their commitments under the present Convention, in a period of one year of the entry into force of the Convention to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, special rapporteurs, with the agreement of the Committee, with the visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Great Lakes region has been committed during three times:
As at 12 October, the soldiers have entered force in the home's home in Masa.
All persons who have been confirmed that there had been many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects from the group.
Global security crisis
Once the appointment, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions imposed under the law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific-Pacific organizations and assisted by two ballot (a.g. New Zealand and China), respectively.
Review of review of the review of the termination of the States
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of their responsibilities are better defined.
On the 42.8 million million for the biennium ended 30 June 2002, only 100.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total total of the total period had been disbursed to the end of the period.
OIOS recommended the Office to establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received by the Galaxy system, promoting the mobility of the system, and to ensure that the necessary resources are available for training, the organization of career and the management of knowledge, and to ensure that the necessary resources are available for training, the organization of career and knowledge management, in the framework of a new mobility policy.
The Advisory Committee recommended further to the Board of Auditors to assess the capacity and professional skills of OIOS to ensure internal audit services in the administration of administration and investment of the Fund, as well as the general standards for the internal audit of pensions, and to report on its evaluation in its next report on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) The use of the use of a consultant
The financial institutions are required to submit any suspicious transaction or monitoring of suspicious transactions.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who or facilitates the entry on the national territory of a individual whose person who is aware, or is good reasons to be done, if it is a illegal offence or to request asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives in the national and local levels, as well as the participation of women's participation in previous tables.
- The establishment of the Main Committees in institutions to assess the situation of women and to report.
13.3 The Government is determined to provide a pension regime, as possible as possible as possible as possible, and is aware of the fact that persons who commit any professional activity to assume family responsibilities can be disadvantaged in the context of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act of 1996 on Violence in the Family) which, inter alia, in the case of arbitration proceedings and judgements and to provide a large number of powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The first revision of the Charter will also be particularly in light of the possibility of refusal to be sent to the services of information.
Stressing that the elimination of the apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, of the non-Colistism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment of human rights and women's rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women's rights in relation to legislation relating to the law of persons and to choose their residence and their homes.
Workshops
It may also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (e-commerce) on the aspects of the legislation on procurement in electronic commerce.
• Requests information under article 44 (1) of the law on bank institutions in accordance with the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against the United States system (Runchchenen____111)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that have established in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was to be reduced in a number of cases.
Such plans include the improvement of early warning systems, the establishment of early warning systems and communications between areas and communities in disaster and the authorities.
UNESCO, the United Nations, and several organizations involved in this initiative would encourage the preservation of biological diversity in the context of which remote sensing and IMIS will have a broad impact.
The various issues have been discussed in thematic discussions and draft resolutions were submitted and discussed by 11th meeting to 15th meeting, on 20 to 24 October (see A/C.5/57/PV.115).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples,
Welcomes the appreciation of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General to make the Guiding Principles on Displacement on the Granting of Persons to Colonial Countries in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and the non-governmental organizations and the non-governmental organizations and to continue its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL was focused on preparing its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of two judges shall be included in the proposed budget budget for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be held, including presidential elections, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head of Yazayak and the Kangic Church v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is also a part of the codes of judicial and criminal procedure in the United Nations system.
It was published and disseminated in the country's countries to monitor and the need for a registration of births and marriages in order to bring awareness of public awareness and to ensure its active cooperation.
In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, acting through the Office of the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the developments of the nature of assistance for assistance and the increasing increase of certain types of technical assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the country, in particular the capacity of the National Institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and it is at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide more important support in the reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/255, which stressed that globalization does not take due consideration of the human rights, interdependence of economies that are not reflected in the right to employment.
His country continues to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/68.
At the date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration in paragraph 1 of article 14 of this instrument.
Recommendations of the Committee
However, the periodic report, however, of the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where are traditionally focused on the minority minority and the Slovak Republic.
They said that there was a violation of Denmark in paragraph 1 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in the support of this assertion, as a decision of the High Court of the region, in the date of 5 February 1999, a case of racial discrimination does not be in itself a violation of the honour and reputation of a person to the meaning of article 26 of the Act on Civil Liability.
“Mr. President, President
In accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the President, acting with the consent of the Council, with an invitation under rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Council to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Executive Director of the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general, and summary of the work will be made in section B.3.1, with information on example of the effects of the use, as well as the scope of technical assistance (e.g. and the importance of technical technology (e.g. power, production).
Environmental environment, economic and economic change
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica was co-sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would lead to this problem.
The provision of developing countries to implement implementation, in form of new new and additional resources, transfer of technology for development and capacity-building.
The participants at the Third World Forum on Water, which was held in Japan, has developed a action plan to identify a number of projects in the world and to a network of web sites to accelerate the activities relating to water.
In the annex to the present document a breakdown of the costs of these activities.
24.6 The amount of the amount of the proposed amount of posts for the implementation of two posts (Other level) (Other level) and 1 posts) will be used in the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) of the biennium 2002-2003, and (c) of the expenses for the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) expenses of other items for the functioning of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and its experience in coordination of assistance in conflict situations and changes in conflict, inter alia, on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): 4588,000
Office
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 states that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post post.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to explore and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status and implementation of the United Nations Fish Stocks Agreement, which take into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, which takes into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas of the Agreement, which provides various forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2 and, under agenda item (Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Review of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years on its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of all the question of peacekeeping operations in all its aspects
United Nations Global Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of new progress in the efforts undertaken by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including the recommendations to strengthen the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations is the only States of Member States, no reform should be able to address this issue, such as those who are in position to decide on the work that we are all.
The United Nations Millennium Declaration and conferences on the financing of development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development has resulted from great hope in the international community, particularly with developing countries to see the development of a stable and stable environment, and solidarity.
This does not be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach by a multilateral and comprehensive approach, which would allow the world of nuclear weapons.
The Organization of Sport Affairs in various types of national sports, support schools, sections, and towns of schools for children and young people and the acquisition of schools.
The programme of awareness of Latin America and the Caribbean, which responded to the needs of poor communities in particular, has continued to focus to develop innovative information tools and education and build partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the secretariat of the Strategy as the Secretary-General.
The barriers to access access to markets, including increases and inflation rates limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected a seat for the Committee during a period of three years, from 1 January 2001, the representatives of the following countries: Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, the Netherlands and Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows in your country, to monitor transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process, which is a word of the momentum in the peace process that has a steady progress, as I would like to have the moment, but we need to be released on them.
We believe that this is important for a urgent challenge.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a ad hoc advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled in the meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the region of Central Africa for the maintenance of international peace and security, held in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carolmit Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has a threat to Iraq's burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors of the Inspectors to do so that Iraq has sought to exclude that time.
There is a large number of information related to the organization and the administration of those sites and the administration of these sites and are not inconsistent with the mandate of the inspection teams or the arms of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The demographic situation in the country can be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise of self-Leste, which is a other other.
The majority of the non-memoire has continued to be able to engage in a high-scale food environment with the use of the concentration of the high-term generation.
At the same time, our bilateral relations to all levels, we commit the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support for this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Appeals Court should therefore be grateful in the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided in two sections - including the United Nations and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations and Governments; and contains a description of projects and indicate the needs of funding;
(e) On 1.17 the term “the contract” means a person of any other than the carrier who shall comply with [or any State or the control of the goods, regardless of whether whether it is party or indirectly to the request of the carrier or the control of the goods, regardless of whether whether it is party to the carriage of the carriage or the supervision or control of the goods, regardless of whether whether it is party to the carriage of carriage, are identified or shall be considered under the contract of legal responsibility.
The definitions was amended in accordance with this suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to replace C.g., which would be set out: " bis bis.
In addition, there is a need to note that, although there is a strong political and political system, such as a third of the Member States, including some country-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV-AIDS through the exchange of the results.
Most of the police systems of the police, in accordance with the Convention on the Implementation of the Agreement, as a database of national data through the Internet and are fully fully operational, in the process of the process.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all forces in the same time.
Haiti has been one of the first country to sign a exchange agreement with the Global Fund.
The National National Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people and affected people.
Like most of the countries of the region, Zimbabwe depends on the support of donors for its programme on HIV/AIDS, but that support has decreased since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law which defines the responsibility of the State of Chile on HIV-AIDS prevention and the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited, in recent years, the development of cooperation with UNIDO in the areas as combating pollution pollution, agro-industries and the timber industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The implementation of the projects under this general framework is an effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 4479,66 were included in the programme budget for 2004 under the programme programme of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure any person to the court or a court under their jurisdiction of the right to present in his trial and to defend the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, the Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has been the day.
In the light of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, it should be adopted at the earliest stage of policies to address social, economic and cultural problems.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in its priorities and works with various organs and United Nations agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls on the implementation of the implementation of the basic standards of protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said his disappointment at the results of the recent ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in place, and regrets the lack of the agreement on the use of customs tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had reportedly created 500 billion from United States dollars for the rich and poor countries and contributed to them to reduce poverty from 2015.
If there is no failure to address the injustice of economic globalization will lead to the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease of the world.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede their development, in urban areas and in the area of the environment, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic causes of the sea of the Sea is a example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Ben (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly to the Declaration and the Programme of Action was a milestone in the way of the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, which are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a equitable and efficient basis of what it can be reasonable to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, should change the instrument as a result of paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They are often linked to the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence expenses for activities outside the United Nations
(b)
Rule 207.18
(iv) In the area of education is too too far to ensure a daily day, the region where the staff is located, and that the representative of the Secretary-General is not in the area of school, which is not in the area of the school, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same level, which are specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States cannot provide such the proposal of the United Nations peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial Regulations and Rules of the Financial Regulations in force and the risks to reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to thank the Secretariat that it has done that it has done to recruit the posts of the General Service of the Force, in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, a total, participated in 66 projects in 35 countries.
Group of the Caribbean and the South Atlantic of West Africa:
(d) It is important to include the implementation of the projects of the project, which will be made, and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1997, it shall be transferred to the amounts to be used between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government has been installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these problems is the case of all and looks forward to a large commitment of the international community.
The expansion of the work of the work is difficult to work on the coordination of the treaty with various various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, the settlement of disputes, insolvency law, security law, security and finance infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuing work on two projects of anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The List of the Panel is the following:
The implementation of the implementation of this resolution must be done in a atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which would have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid violence between extremists that the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 On the same time, the Ljjjo de laovic was made in the port station in the Bacova, on behalf of the Roma Roma's Roma.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention included the obligation to provide compensation and compensation for victims of a act in the meaning of this provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that there is no details of the prosecution of the complainant's proceedings to be reported.
He claims that his claims against his visit to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation of the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
In accordance with paragraph 5 of article 22 of the Convention, the same question was not considered and is not under consideration before another international body of investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities asked a first time of extradition but it was subsequently withdrawn by a case of the person.
(b) The declaration shall be a essential element of the prosecution of the communication;
5.4 In accordance with the requirements for the allegations of the allegations that Mr. Azini's claims made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CTT on the period specified by the following declarations:
The high-being of the claimant is not the floor of the mother's mother's mother.
1.3 In a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
According to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted a violation of the evidence made by torture.
No other information is subject to these problems.
The number of countries responded to 65.
In the meantime, it would be likely to have too too to be done in this area because the risk of differences and inconsistencies with different international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
The framework of peacekeeping and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia can justify this change in a attitude.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/5850 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistical Division works closely with UNDP in the areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with definitions and standards and needs.
The first work of research have already been successful and led to specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the critical role of political policies and political parties, and should play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2002/L.11/Add.4
The relevance of the extent that a activity is consistent with the national objectives or is part of these objectives.
It will therefore be able to be able to be able to ensure that the objectives are achieved, but also that they will be seen as a result of their interests in the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft, signed in Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the political and legislative process and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second draft is a joint joint project by the South Federation of the Sudan (DPSP), followed by the Kakak, and the Canadian Canadian Society, with a view to the construction of a daily record in the province of the North in the north of the United Nations in the north of the United Nations.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand has dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3th meeting of the Commission on Political and Decolonization (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, including that it could be drawn on the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should advance.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take four weeks, in addition to the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, the production of Iraq's production of Iraq has been a direct and damaged by the aerial bombing in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
In particular, a detailed discussion of the project, which was issued as a document of work of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/DEE/TL/4).
The estimates for civilian staff for the biennium4, which covers a number of international staff, 284 staff in the country and 8 United Nations Volunteers, as a decrease of $4,31,800, as a decrease of $4,39,300, (USD per cent) compared to the biennium 2002-2003.
(a) Financial Mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting the importance of the important importance of the major countries that are, or are working from diamonds to participate in the self-government system in the Kimberley Process,
Report on the performance of the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In recent analysis, new proposals, as well as a result of the process, not only only in the case of the coordination of the review, the wide range of actors that would not be involved and the long-term cycle of the preparation of the reports, but it would not be able to move from the process of the process, but their own work of the work of the country and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, with its comments and comments on the request of various United Nations agencies, by organizing conferences and seminars, through publications and seminars on issues considered by the United Nations system and in a response to tolerance.
Table 1 provides to compare the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (the rate of the biennium, compared with the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 as approved by its resolution 573 of 20 December 2002 and the amount of expenditure and income of the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee recommends that a second report has been used, in a short-year basis, to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A post Officer, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements required under the travel costs for 2004-2005 is estimated at $2,534,300 (before recosting) is estimated at $2,800 dollars as than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26 refugees Palestine
In the future, it should be explained to be explained in the programme of the programme and the regional offices and the regular budget and extrabudgetary budget.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market should be brought to the Prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on firearms and explosives, and are subject to a penalty of imprisonment and a fine, as well as confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Space
It also notes with appreciation the written written replies submitted by the State party at its list of items to address (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(d) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms and light weapons (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Fundamental Principles of the Reduction of Drug Demand and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 126.
At the two sessions, there was additional information on the seminars of UNCITRAL organizations.
CONTENTS
3.1 The author claims that his son is victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as the date of his arrest and other occasions before its arrest and other occasions before the grounds of arbitrary damage in which it is detained.
3.1 The author argues that the persistence of the authorities, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 14/197 is a special law and that the law No. 14/197 is a special right to the right of the author to enjoy any forms of its heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author submits that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2 of article 14, paragraph 1 and 3 of the same article, which is to deny a accused of a fair trial of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee noted the arguments of the State party that, in a first time, that the dispute of the author is not subject to the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, as well as by the new Code of the Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a direct remedy to the courts.
The State party argues that the allegations of the author are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision would result of a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read jointly with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author also submitted a request for appeal, which was rejected by the President of the Court of Justice of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and the part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under paragraph 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated since it was arrested and charged with any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that it was gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had requested the revision of the evidence of the evidence that it considered that it considered a error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in this regard to the request that he was sent to the Constitutional Tribunal and the criminal procedure, the author declares that, in the two cases, it was impossible that, in the two cases, it was impossible that the military regime of a arbitration regime in order to commit prosecution against the perpetrators of political acts in the time frame.
Since the State party has not been treated by the complaint, and there is no other relevant information on the subject that they are taken into account of cases of trials, it is necessary to provide credit to the author.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author did not demonstrate that the author's action has a interference in its family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive duration of the period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the dates to determine, in the case of review, the length of the delay were the dates of the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of the alleged crime, is the date of murder, and the date of the trial of the trial.
It is not obliged to use only the only documents that the court would be held before the case and may take into account elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party has not been obliged to assert that it would not have a right to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the claims of ex-combatants and stated that no two bodies responsible to consider its ability to meet the criteria set out in paragraphs 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is the right that it is a violation of a serious violation of article 7 because they are still always yet the person in question.
Loss of claims
It is suggested that the judges of Venezuela would be able to take a complaint of the meaning of the text as they had before it a complaint that the Decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, it was not unable to date from the notification of the judgement, but on the last of the last opinion.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the review of this complaint.
The authors's decision to the decision in the extent that it has a assessment of the facts, which has a assessment of the facts, which has the argument that the Commissioner has taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of Interior to cancel the decisions of the committees and to return to the police.
The authors have before the justice in cases of the case of the case, which had been reported, but they have not made a request for compensation in the first two cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner have been collected by the District Court of the Fjz of Western Sahara, in view of the judgement of the Supreme Court in the case of the case, which was contrary to article 7 paragraph 2 of the Act on the Management of Fisheries, which was contrary to articles 65 (e) of the Law on the Law of Fisheries (e.g. and 75 (e).
Thus, the Human Rights Committee in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of the meaning of the right to freedom of expression will be consistent with the right to freedom of expression for article 19, which is due to the fulfilment of responsibilities and duties”.
He shall be submitted to the judge that he intends to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that mutandis, the same principle should be able to apply in the case of this case.
3.3 The author states that the case of domestic remedies and indicate that the case did not be submitted to another international legal body or settlement.
In addition, the State Board stresses that a dual-weapon-free measure may be exercised in the case of permanent power or the judicial Court at the first instance, and before the Council of the State, and that those bodies may be appropriate to be taken.
As a result of the Minister of the Interior in 16 March 2001, were recognized on 13 months of the author under the period at its sixth level at its sixth level of the work of the main responsibility of the electorate.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to the expenses of the procedure.
Canada, chapter XII, Annual report A/48/4 vol.II.
6 See Journal of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Special Report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (S/C's report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in 1995
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in order to establish v. Austria (art. 41/199/199), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If some posts are actively involved with new appointments, the Government of the Government must be progressively implemented.
It is therefore important that the security right of military personnel or the power to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, progress in the areas of rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women still always always.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of the Economic and Social Council, on 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, organizations, non-governmental organizations, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, to provide the necessary information to the Commission's substantive session in the United Nations system, including the necessary information for the review of the session in paragraph 8 of resolution 2000/22/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis provides to determine that may take place at the round table and what are the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of the United Nations Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to ensure that two basic conditions are being met, namely the existence of a vacancy vacancy that is not a three of Azerbaijani nationals with vocational training or expertise and the lack of access to the services of their homes for a candidate for the criteria set out by the employer.
At the time of time, the time of stay and birth will not be recorded as a day of work.
In 1997, changes and additions were made to the Law Act on the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become the law on the Prevention of Discrimination and Rehabilitation and Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article provides that children who can be integrated in schools in the other area of modern or mental treatment were welcomed in vocational schools.
The results of the eight parliamentary census have been sent to UNESCO for the need to participate in international cooperation through competition-of-free enterprises and by 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is said that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must play a key role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead a new crisis in security security between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on various options that have been completed in the general school.
The implementation of a gender study for the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for gender equality for the University of the University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
“In Ghana, H.E. Arue Arririo, International Herald, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include the agenda of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children were not linked to the identity of their natural parents, even their majority, as well as it is that it is in their interest.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of a number of strategies and programmes, including the decision No. 3472 on the Protection of children in the area of protection of children, on children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family; the National Health Plan for Children and the Family;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the Convention of the ILO, the Convention of the ILO (No. 138) concerning the minimum minimum age of the Child and the Convention of ILO (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition of the Worst Forms of Discrimination of Children and the Special Review of the Convention, as follows:
(a) To launch awareness-raising campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating attitudes that affect the Roma in all society, and in particular of the authorities as police and professional services providing services in health care, education and social assistance;
It is therefore important that the States parties shall submit their reports and in the time frame.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of acts of racist acts and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Board provide adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, the need to consider the objectives and policies of development in a perspective of human rights” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical cooperation, to ensure that all means, and in particular by the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law, in relation to the workers of private sector and public enterprises, as well as without authorization for the organizations they do so.
This period is considered as a result of the payment of the wage, regardless of the criteria of the criteria.
Information on the level of current life
They are considered in the situation of the households, although they have no full than their income in the support of food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of construction units has reached a total of 15,843,3,843, and a average average average annual average of 1074.
In the percentage of the population and the housing of housing, these figures are estimated for the year, less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of housing.
United Nations Development programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believed that more than half of the decline in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a need to be necessary and judicial procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Investment Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No.
However, the situation relating to violent crimes committed against women are public and in respect of the life of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be required.
Japan hoped that all States will be able to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons in the period of the second biennial session of 2005.
Multilateral and multilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If any three three options are the majority of a vote, which would be obtained at the least one vote, and a new referendum will be organized for the voters to take a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without a view to the vote to vote.
• Women whose level of education is high to children.
K., A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the International Conference of Action to the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
b.
In the final report, the participants at the Conference of the World Conference, held the last month in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for the purposes of its implementation.
It is important to note here that the main main primary will be made to take our determination on the long term.
However, the author's claims, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption from the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since nearly 10 years, the embargo of the Republic of Azerbaijan of the Azerbaijani territory of Kuwait, which has caused the enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society working to encourage growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/2, annex, “Towards a world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access free access to health care and education.
It was now possible to reduce costs through energy economy.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Cultural Heritage of the United Nations, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that the first part of a mission mission in West Africa and looks forward and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (Transport Law) and II/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide of the Guide to the Guide, as well as in the context of the “e) of the UNCITRAL Model Guide on Insolvency Law, as well as the principle of the principle of the Guide, as well as in the context of the “e) of the Model Law on International Insolvency Law, as well as that it would be able to provide a appropriate judicial authority in the Guide, as well as in the context of the “e) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Insolvency, namely that a authority may be taken in the Guide, as well as in paragraph 2 (e) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Insolvency, whether it may designate a authority, judicial, or other jurisdiction, to monitor or monitor insolvency proceedings, as well as a insolvency procedure, to monitor or monitor insolvency proceedings;
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/567.
It may also provide a informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which includes national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, no person has a position of a measure of this nature may not obtain visas to the spouses of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight with terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider consideration and, if appropriate, review of immigration policies with regard to the elimination of the practices of migrants and their families, and to provide specialized training to the staff of non-governmental organizations and civil society, as well as the need to undertake effective action to create the conditions conducive to harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interrelated and that it is essential to ensure persons with disabilities with full enjoyment of all rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to take adequate protection of the areas that had been fully implemented, in accordance with agreements, the agreements, but it seems to be decided to adopt the control of civilians in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Executive Board of UN-Habitat endorsed the establishment of the National Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a programme of 5 million for a initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a global system of preferences, which was held in 1968 during the second session of the Conference, in which a innovative approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The policies and international commitments are essential for the establishment of a international economic regime based on rules — starting to start areas, by the past of the jurisdiction of national Governments.
A special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances among developing countries and developed countries.
What should be the role of public authority?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of abduction and abuse, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kaneane as Deputy Representative of the Special Representative in Asmara.
Following its work after 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at <http://www.un.int/wiles/documents.
We have always yet, however, the responses that we need to be critical on the production of the production of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, on which it is still to be able to work and its programmes.
The population of the population and its distribution of distribution have affected emissions from transport and Habitat.
Some provided a increase of emissions from the sector in spite of measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) As the need for the need for the obligation for the obligation of the obligation to provide asylum or refuge to persons suspected from their forced disappearance, with respect to the removal of such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could be necessary, in their deliberations, intergovernmental bodies on the substantive issues of substantive issues and consider the role of the Secretariat, as well as the activities of the Secretariat.
(f) The submission and schedule of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is therefore more timely to speak from non-permanent members of the Security Council, which with the members of the Security Council in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore take place to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of cooperation and international coordination in this end, my delegation, would wish to draw the attention of this effort to be considered, and also mentioned in the report, especially in South-East Asia.
In Asia-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities associated with the various groups of ethnic and national groups in which their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations and the funds and programmes of the United Nations system for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;
As at 31.35 the High-level Committee on Management Management is a key mission to guide the activities of the United Nations system for administrative matters and management management, and to promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on issues for the Council's Council.
My issue is the following position: I will be expected to be able to have the new contributions in this process, as well as the previous speakers have already stated, and will require an important funding and cooperation of other countries with the country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, in the Ambassador, Mr. Brah's delegation and Mr. Braun, who have made the following issues on Afghanistan, although there were no longer and less than some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month for the criteria identified and suggested to consider specific solutions to improve regional inventories.
(b) There should be a need to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNDP)
Statement XI (b) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNDOF)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations for education, science and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the rule of the communication, and encourage the United Nations for Education, science and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this context, where appropriate cooperation with Member States;
The political process must therefore be a broad and flexible process for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith to the political life, and not not left on the issue, where most importantly, to join the forces of those who have been actively involved in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a detailed description of the situation in providing the most recent reports on specific issues that took place in Afghanistan since the presentation of the last year.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is a clear and indivisible situation.
It may be necessary if it would be made to release the ballot's release and to renounce the nuclear doctrine.
In the light of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the largest support of the States parties as well as States parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this item, a ministerial meeting of the rule, which was held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is no delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus was still reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g., the prohibitions imposed by producers of producers and Jews in the country), in the extent where those were incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several major companies in timber-related management systems designed to ensure that the pollution of non-free sources can prevent the environment and society.
It is determined in the management of concessions, the value of forest crops and the treatment of forest products.
(i) Urges countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection of data collection and dissemination of information on production, consumption, trade and commodity prices, in order to promote the transparency of markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atok Ile Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former rights, mainly on treaties imposed, should be repealed in their full and replaced by a more fair and equitable legislation, protecting the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men were more than women to work because the principle of the right that girls remain at the highest level later than boys in the search of work.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same of the spouses, the witnesses may be found that a couple live in the same family in least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501).
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNU) to use expertise and experience in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, although information gathered in the context of various relevant reports.
Item 8: Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparations for the Conference in the event of the High-level Conference of the World Trade Forum in Mauritius in the meeting of the High-level Conference of the WTO and the meeting of Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Conference of Commerce.
The activities of technical cooperation and capacity-building to assist countries in developing countries to participate in the work of the Doha work in the area of trade and environmental and environmental commissions continue to close cooperation with the secretariats of the WTO, UNEP and the regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the University of Government of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the University of the
We also recognize that globalization, and practical implementation of international trade, are a hope for growth for our peoples.
During the last year, we referred to the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the various social activities of the Supreme Council of women in a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including the mother's mother and children, and is consolidated for equality between men and women in a society that took the right of gender equality and respect to the rights of the family.
Developing countries face today's challenges in development, which cannot be achieved only by international concerted efforts and support to ensure political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to begin two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations should continue to contribute to the process of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to implement the best coherence of the principles of the principles.
Recent developments in the global balance of the forces and global objectives have been carried out since the establishment of the United Nations, which was 58 years.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive solution, a just, lasting and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
Each committee shall elect its President among its members.
The persons arrested or detained to be informed on the grounds for arrest or detention of their right to be held by counsel.
The final report of the second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered chapter 28 (b) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as by other instruments relating to human rights,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the staff or personal personnel of a troop-contributing State or the police force of the United Nations system in Liberia or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or are subject to a formal exemption of the United Nations system;
Also requests the working group to consider information and to share its comments and recommendations in transnational corporations, including governmental, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered the draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, which had been Mr. Chenmanmanu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Al-up, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Mr. Sattar, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Sattar.
Association for justice and peace
The Office of Outer Civil Aviation and the United Nations International Civil Aviation (ICAO) could be able to associate a more part of information on the needs of users, and as a very broad approach to the dissemination of GNSS and its assessed infrastructure for developing countries.
Governments do not provide the potential contribution of GNSS for health management and to combat diseases.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity provides a synthesis document, which contributes to the members of the Partnership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21 (f), provides “any person or detained shall be formally ordered and submitted before the competent court in a period of 48 hours and “or no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Implementation of the Council for Peace and Security Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is a area that could benefit from the programmes of education and awareness-raising programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to make accounts was relatively effective, but that it was essentially concerned in the concerned concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Information Technology will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5 under the chairmanship of Mr. D. Ms. June Yvt Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. As Ak Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, although the issue of debt sustainability, during its meeting of the autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office has made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase phase of our own political tools to the selection criteria.
The staff is under recruitment missions for the end of UNMISET.
3-14 March 2003
As a result, the report gives a overview of the action of the Council, during the past year, in his field of responsibilities, namely peacekeeping and security.
(e) To assist the dissemination of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations held in the General Assembly;
(a) The expected to ensure the implementation of a environment of the environment, namely and the use of technical cooperation, knowledge and tools of government and institutions, with a view to improving the implementation of the environment, and the World Conference for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for a view to the implementation of the agreements that should be implemented by the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment and the World Conference for 2000 and (e) the improvement of mechanisms for the implementation of multilateral agreements on environmental protection and to ensure respect.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of sustainable development of drug-related education in the areas of the prevention of narcotic drugs, including the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation of drugs; and the promotion of capacity-building and capacity-building; and the promotion and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 The conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information technologies and communication and technology technologies, including facilitating the adaptation of the local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of results of the results of the programme and other initiatives of technical cooperation in developing countries, including the number of regional cooperation and other initiatives that have been taken to improve the implementation of the development of poverty and space-related cooperation in developing countries, including inter alia through technical cooperation among developing countries, including information technology and technology technologies for the protection of the environment and sustainable resources for natural resources.
Strategy
The realization of the objectives will be determined by increasing more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and emergency emergencies, including technology, including external and efficient information in the country's victims and the level of the region; and a large number of donors to intergovernmental appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation of the phenomenon of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme of the least developed countries, developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and the victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oldi (Mexico) said that three years of the authority of the power, the Government of the Minister of Mr. Victims of Flus (Mexico) said the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Oman endorses the recommendation of the High Commissioner in which it should be able to establish a culture of tolerance and respect for other and non-discrimination.
Such laws are required, but the challenge of the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New and Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their mobility may prevent the same time when water is contaminated, land, land and the sources of supply.
This type of services should be developed and to formulate a social and viable environment.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the International Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Kos (Australia) said that there was a year ago, 88ians were killed and 202 were injured to the attack of the Bali attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations may be established, the relevant decisions should be binding and the establishment of the new institution is governed by the responsibilities of the organization.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee Committee)
BFF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the United Nations system in Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity-building capacity.
A statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that can ensure or make the assets of the encumbered assets, such as the equipment of equipment, are held on the right of a security right, which are usually liable to the right of security services in the same property.
United Nations system and other equipment
It should also be enhanced as necessary, and resources in the context of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed draft proposals relating to the interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of the draft resolution E/2004/L.45.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Organization,
Under item 14 (e) of the agenda, the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/315.
It is still a growing increase since the proportion of approximately 43 per cent in 1994 to 36 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, it has been attended a new distribution of production, the manufacture of the production of and clothing to the Internet, engineering and health services.
It is proposed to provide family care to families among the problem in relation to drug abuse or that.
It is a important initiative that was intended to abolish the use of vessels to the Shay, the operation carried out jointly with the Department of Defence.
The land will be returned to the owners or their husband, as if they had never been held by the State's owners in the three months after restitution.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unfair to the island and the amendments in 1995 and the amendments in 1995 to the Act of 1944 on the release of the rental of housing and the Ordinance of 1931 to the release of the rental of urban property is not subject to the lease of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the rental of the rental of the goods in the area of 1 June 1995 or after the date of the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
This programme includes several integrated programmes, including the following services in the design of the design of a variety of frequent practices, the training of treatment, medical counselling, medical treatment, training, medical care, education, education and training of the child.
The municipal councils, and travel clinics, while non-governmental organizations are particularly concerned to organize the provision of special services to the disadvantaged groups of the community, with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own buildings and equipment, but is also responsible to maintain its institutions and to provide the expansion of the potential.
The candidates for academic studies should have been carried out in the process of the sub-family rate, which provides access to the university, and to ensure that the special conditions of granting some studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, as well as the planning of development, economic governance, human rights, good governance, democracy, security, security, health, health, health, health, health, health and education, among other fundamental elements of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — which is not to be able to achieve progress since it was established in the resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly in 1993.
1.6 The Committee would receive information on the conclusions that had been established by the Ministry of Justice, the Islamic Republic of Justice, Islamic Relations and Minqq, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report to be consistent with the criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the use and potential use of the United Nations instruments on human rights in the context of disability” by the Research Centre on Human Rights and the Protection of the University of Colombia (Ireland) for the request of the Special Committee on Human Rights and on the basis of the operation of the United Nations system on human rights in this context.
Measures by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft project.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or amendments, a interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reserve, may be made in any time.
It was also requested that unilateral acts should be given to a strict or voluntary act on certain types of acts of States that could produce legal effects.
However, 26 million troops deserve.
It is urgent to hear the message of the inspectors of the Security Council and provide the replies to the extent.
The inspections may continue unabated without prompt and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the statement made by President Joseph Friday, however, that the Quartet would have the road map to the parties, as well as the appointment of a Prime Minister and the necessary powers would be confirmed, is a important step on which we must be done.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce additional resources are limited to those above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has ceased to take special attention to the issue of discrimination based on sex.
Applications for approval are recorded in a registry (A).
The ratification process of the Convention is in way.
In terms of accomplishment accomplishment (a), replace the social issues of social development”.
Malawi would like to know that all States take a result of the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court, and that it would be able to be vigilant and its independence, which is necessary to be vigilant and the commitment of the Court, especially the judges of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be at the above case.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands did not consider that most of the economic and social rights are directly applicable to the national legal law.
The agenda was adopted.
Members of the Council also before the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was prepared by the United Nations and national organizations on the interest of the international development of oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a committee and a technical committee, which provided the coordination of the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO agreed that the submission of reporting reports to the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention on the evaluation, the Global Principles should provide a assessment of biological diversity at the ecosystem level, species and disease.
Ad Hoc Working Group on the Review of International Policy
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the main responsibility for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes to human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of property and environmental services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the results of private companies and social cohesion are concerned.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Commission had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58 (L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of the draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, there should be a need for the reform of guidance and capacity-building in developing countries.
The Office has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations country Team, as well as the ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had created FDI from FDI and the lack of profits and capital.
We have no doubt that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions are faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of the Prime Minister Sharon in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to put a final term to the occupation, with certainty that they have a viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, contained in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide extensive training for teachers, vocational and professional training.
The group referred to various forms of education in the framework of article 6 and noted that there was several activities organized, formal and non-governmental organizations, and the other non-governmental organization, in the event of children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Information on Public Information (Chairman: Ms. Aršnja Gelasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Mark Lauauau, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code states that “the “the act to commit any offences in the present section is the same penalties that those who have before the constitutional commission of the act”.
In accordance with article 14, paragraph amended by law No. 54 of 2001, is punishable by the nationality of a person, who is punishable by any kind, who is not used in the case of any type of or non-use, as well as any other of these materials, as well as any means of such materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use the end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.6: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for the strengthening of the effectiveness of the principle of all and genuine elections and action for democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Committee's “E3”” said that Van Oz was to be compensated for some of its losses, but recommended that it does not pay compensation under its claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in the field and its capacity of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, where it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public attention to the risk of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorism, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support to the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that it remains still much to achieve the objectives and implementation of the priorities that are contained;
(h) television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke on other agreements and institutions to improve the protection of marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean region and its Protocol on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea and its Protocol on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the region of the Sea, the World Bank and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North Atlantic.
In addition to a proposal, the principal agencies should be involved in the consideration of the issues of the working groups to be established in the preparation of the reports to the meeting in the beginning of the meetings, in order to supplement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be done with a view to its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second line, the word “c”” is to replace the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “the “f” to provide additional information to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “the Committee's invitation to the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
At the occasion of a briefing on the impact of structural adjustment on human development that he had taken a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki, had three major features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization, which are not limited, but they have the share of the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of sustainable production and the issue of existing stocks would have to prevent the negotiations and compromise to non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing has increased from 12 per cent during the first months of the second intifada, 42.4
The Office of the Palestinian Authority is a agency for the implementation of the Office of the Palestinian Authority.
Where the use and authority of their authorities have been made, refugees refugees have replaced and amended their homes and have added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and women's empowerment and believes that the perspective of equality must be integrated to the strategies and policies of development at all levels, including the United Nations.
It is currently two women heads of district in a total of 141.
As to the World Health Organization, a four women and six men.
In spite of the compulsory nature of the primary education of the Constitution of 1991, the problems posed in many levels of education.
The rate of success was 71 per cent of the total number of and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the school is the following:
Women's women in the trade sector, where women's women is at 2 to 1, p. 1, agricultural production and services, and the food industry of the rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used.
(BDD, 1985 of Al-Samen, etc, 1995).
The head of the village is assisted by a Deputy Deputy Minister, and a total of 1211 P-3, vol. 100 are women.
Our work on small arms have many aspects, but the human rights must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to this goal.
At the same time, it is important to monitor arms and impose restrictions to create a balance between the legitimate needs of security and the loss of innocent lives, resulting from political acts that are in relation to the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Declaration and Programme of Action
Moreover, it would like to know whether the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzzz asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Sexual and Sexual Rights that is subject to paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Committee on Health and Reproductive Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, two separate institutions or are subject to the same, and if they address the rights in itself or only of health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure that will be adopted.
The Chairman hopes that each organization represented the meeting of the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources of the Committee, as a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Report of the Government of Benin to host a regional conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reducing poverty and strengthen their democratic institutions, while reaffirming that it is at each country that it is the first responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Australia, Belgium, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, France, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (A/C.3/58/L.27).
They are received from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, table 1).
A woman has been appointed to the Under-Secretary-General of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (under 1 January 2003) and another has been recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (under 10 January 2003).
Although there has been severe damage that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the events that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned to normal time.
In addition, in course of training and support, the standards of development in order to provide best practices on the ground.
(i) There is urgent urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A to avoid whether the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, in order to decide on all issues raised by the provisions of the provisions (b) (b) or related to them]]
Mr. Nnler (Sweden) associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supports the proposed reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to resolution 57/128 of General Assembly (A/58/265).
Expressing grave concern at the continuing continuation of Israeli security activities in violation of international humanitarian law, resolutions of the United Nations on the issue and agreements between the parties, including the construction and extension of the settlements in the south-Self-Governing Territory in East Timor and al-Thani in East Jerusalem and around the region,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening by the relevant agencies of sustainable development in the national, regional and local levels, as that it would help developing countries to better address the problems posed by climate change.
To ensure the sustainability of the environment, it will require universal support to the environment.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system as the former, it must be considered due to the organization of the Secretariat, contained in the bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in accordance with the words that (section (1): “The Secretariat), which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has a seat in New York.
At the 5 level, the meeting is provided to the representatives and provides access to documents to the participants, as well as documents (CRP), in addition to documents available to 4.
In considering the sites of the organizations or organizations, the official documents are posted on the Saco, was noted that some of them did not be consulted in the way of the system.
The initial system responded to the needs during almost 10 years, which is still much if it is difficult for the speed of technological innovation.
The Council's view should sometimes be carried out to be conducted, and it is a lack of time, and a number of time (one three six months) and it is a special interest when resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, including 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some of them are often suspected to assist others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while there are no opportunity to obtain such weapons, or not not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as new and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The representatives of 77 States, as well as observers of the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of the United Nations, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, specialized agencies and other agencies of the United Nations system, specialized agencies of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group of the Security Council on Prevention and Security Conflict in Africa, the Special Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
A support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC would take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely policies for gender equality and combating poverty in the region; political policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of the environment in political policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the Centre, which had raised issues relating to the oil, the problems encountered in production, and on the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan Afghan people and at the same time request to call on all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations in respect of protection of refugees and displaced persons and to ensure access to international organizations capable to provide assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for the annual period or for a long-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is established by any member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with cooperation with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Office of Evaluation would be able to be its efforts and could be able to be effective.
C. Language:
The following year, Nauru was still more likely to have the members of the Group on the list of “terrorism”, not the lack of the lack of their laws but because the rules of the Commission had changed and that we have not been able to monitor the banking banks in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to prevent weapons of mass destruction, it is imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity that are many of our country.
Unfortunately, it appears that, in a few few States of Member States, the question is not unable to be a problem of the formulation or terminology, but it has taken other factors that, although, we have been able to be fully fully.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action that it is contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of legislation, inter alia, on prostitution, production and possession of children.
Corrigendum
It is also more a number of young girls and is that the construction of 12 noon in order to encourage their students not leave school.
There is no data on illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held in eight than Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Note the importance of bilateral negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Inter-Agency Working Group on arms Control and the Regional Security and Regional Organization for the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
In the event of a protocol on measures to reduce the risks that the use of anti-personnel mines, including anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to hold its work on the basis of the mandate of the mandate that had been provided in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO is pleased to work with Governments, academia, academia, NGOs, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of implementation.
At the same time, taking into account the number of countries ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been made, many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to monitor all commitments and define new commitments for the full realization of the goals contained in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that have clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in their difficult consultations during the past months and the commitment and dedication have become the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Government for Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts in the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[Note to the activities of the project project or reforestation activities for the CDM shall be issued as a designated entity shall notify or verify any appropriate administrative insurance in the reporting period.
Return continues to be exploited in Western Europe.
Governments should have priority to ensure that all services are working together and their knowledge and their knowledge and knowledge in combating drug trafficking.
Such management management and use is also essential for the quality of ex-combatants and land conservation.
Annex II
The Government of Victoria (Australia) assists the police in the use of the use of the non-paper in the use of the non-paper and to provide educational materials on road safety.
If those who exploit traffickers deliberately, they are not very exposed to ill-treatment during their homes, including the smuggling of money-owned organizations and other officials of the law.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly in peace and Security peace will lead to the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew's crew's crew, on behalf of the “init”” in Chinese, has been destroyed in outer space and a healthy generation, except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the internally displaced persons in Bunia in the field of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and their perpetrators to respond to them.
Appendix A
In accordance with the second draft resolution, entitled “draft legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the International Trade Law Convention, the General Assembly would wish to be the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General to consider and recommend that all States take due consideration of the legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when they consider their legislation or adopt relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/518)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Honduras, Honduras, Papua New Guinea, the Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far far.
The court filed the right of a person of six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and a violation of the obligation to conduct accounting.
1.1.1.1.1.1 [Article]
Ms. Daniela Stoyvava, President of the SBI, and Mr. Hall, the SBSTA, the SBSTA, presented the objectives of all workshops and reported results.
The workshop, which was designed for the staff of Asian countries to establish the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, which was focused mainly to States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation then, in addition, the Government had adopted, in order to integrate gender equality, a double approach to the development of a gender perspective in its strategies and to develop policies and gender programmes, which allows a view to addressing gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention have been carried out to parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal practitioners.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to request once again to the Council to consider its practical measures to ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Ecuador is committed to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including treatment under nine posts (1 P-5, 1 P-3, 2 P-2, and 5 posts (Other General Service), which will be held from $39,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective in terms of the economy's economy, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be incorporated in the instructions of programmes for 2004 and will include, as well as it was recommended that the verification of staff staff, the cost and implementation of training activities funded by the administrative budget, and the training of training activities funded by the Office of Auditors;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 623).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 115.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of life concerns taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and action taken by Annex II Parties to implement decision 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, in the limits of its mandate, to ensure that the parties fulfil their responsibilities in security-related workers in the work of the Security Council on the ground, and, in particular situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document is not indicative.
However, eight countries only against the purpose of 19 December had been completed in mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between Sunday and 050 hours, a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea, at 20 kilometres of the sea, in the vicinity of Jouar, and until the western people (in 11 kilometres).
On the same day, the same day, at 21.40 a Israeli Israeli military aircraft fired a explosion in the sea.
The Secretariat should comply strictly with the rule of six weeks to the issuance of documents and all relevant resolutions and all relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the Organization should refrain from the documents of negotiable documents or on its website as well as not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
In all, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
In the near future, in the near future, the opportunity to extend the scope of such prohibited.
The annual budget for the training services for the biennium will be more than the average of 2000-2001 and those additional funds are available to the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the priorities of the priorities for the biennium 2002-2003, the goal of a rate rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent in March 2004 was established.
The targets were set out in the reduction of teenage pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women-friendly services.
In the context of the land system, in December 2000, National National Health: a plan for a exchange plan, the Centre is to ensure that health personnel is at the same level, professional and culturally well-being, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The heads of all organizations of the High-Pacific Forum in Barcelona was also committed to the implementation of the programme of the Peace Outlook for the Commission on Equal Discrimination (Commission).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, for example of schools, the police forces, the police forces, posts and care services.
The Court provides a partnership partnership with advisory organizations, which may involve the equipment in the electronic exchange of information centres, as well as the claimant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives — which will affect women and children and to provide awareness on the choice of their rights in security and protection, and reduce social tolerance of such offences for which they are not separated, rather than or ignored.
In this context, we appears that, as it was said that the last session of the Committee received that a emergency plan to accelerate the process of amendments to the financial amendments of these contracts is needed.
We hope that all issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the United Nations Programme for Iraq, in the report of the Council, on 29 September, as well as not not resolved or not not subject to a agreement, may be resolved in order to carry out this transfer in the best conditions and deadlines.
It is very useful to provide the consequences of the universal ratification of treaties, as already committed to Mr. Philip Alston, as a independent expert (E/CN.4/7/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirmed the recent progress and difficulties that we need to overcome and overcome them, as the United Nations Millennium Declaration will assume lasting peace and development.
Table 2 Number of donors that announced multi-year contributions for UNFPA, 2000-2003, by the region (at 28 February 2003)
In democracy, there is a majority of the majority of the rules that wish to accede to and, in the past few years, the Canadian migrants, in their majority, demonstrated that they would not benefit from violence, as a real life in the media.
The research is that, in relation to offences relating to crimes, it is necessary that the financial reasons for the financial reasons to be achieved and to make a focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Office, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November the date of the election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted consensus resolution ICC/SC/2/Rev.7, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as amended (see part of the present report).
The draft budget of the Court is based by the first responsibility of the Court, namely a fair trial in a reasonable period.
A second consultant is the basis of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the use of the system.
The Registry's structure, which is in the same functional approach that used for other programmes, is designed to ensure greater efficiency through the establishment of a common services to the provision of the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
The three functions will require the establishment of three non-group groups in the Working Group and the Victims of Victims in 2004, namely the sub-group of the participation, sub-group of the State and sub-group of the Fund's Fund.
• General and documentation
Indicators of achievement
(b) Other security officials for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and the Deputy Registrar for the areas of high-risk areas: 9521111
It would also be appointed to advise the legal legal issues on the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Director of the Deputy Director explained that the amount of the contribution was not a aspect of the calculation, where the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic activities — are expressed, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the decision of law and would also provide more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is prepared in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not limited to a existing reservation, but the formulation of a reservation fully.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive and judicial reform of the legal and judicial reform that the progress made in the past 10 years, in order to advance the meeting at the mid-term Working Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need to use a more more proactive approach to the unilateral settlement of disputes, such as this is envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be informed to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups, the new measures have been taken by a relatively very very long consensus in the coalition coalition and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples in the national, regional and international levels are critical for the sustainability of the current human rights and the environment in our own traditional knowledge of traditional knowledge should be recognized, encouraged and protected, as well as the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become the public public, and the cultural property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure of the intersessional period.
It may be compounded by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 500,000 to US$000 and a total of 50 million of the National FCF, which is established that the accused was released in this activity.
- General Secretary-General;
The Civil Code regulates the family's laws in its Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right to the right of birth and until death, the enjoyment and exercise of all deprived of all non-citizens.
Studies were also carried out and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all actions.
In the case of a Earth-based settlement, the authorization of power may be obtained in the borders with delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no gaps between men and women in other of their diplomatic communities.
The recognition of the values and potential support of non-governmental organizations can provide the institutions of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.10 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the island island of Mayotte)
Mr. Lesz (B) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed that the inclusion of the rule of the term “A or her commitment to fulfilling” should not be used.
However, it was expressed about the fact that e.g. did not expressly prohibit the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 states that the carrier was “in possession of its responsibility” without a view to which it would be adopted.
The Working Group in its entirety approved the substance on the merits.
[Article 1 (a)
In favour: South Africa, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Sierra Leone, Sierra Leone, Sierra Leone, Kenya, Sri Lanka, Kenya, Nigeria, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other areas of tension, particularly the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always been able to avoid war.
I would like to stress the valuable contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this important issue.
My delegation listened to the attention of Member States in this debate.
A option could be made by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that would be guided by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that should be guided in our previous decisions.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue the primary responsibility for international peace and security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there is still a challenge of peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are right to resist such occupation.
We also take other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Asian States.
It is:
Additional resources against the “the support of the resident coordinator” will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its plans of budgets, for funding funds that UNDP is administered by the UNDP system, which are provided by the UNDP, which are submitted to the approval of the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners learned and practices to ensure that their policies and programmes are able to meet women's rights, as well as and HIV/AIDS and HIV/AIDS, those who are in conflict situations or conflict, which are not excluded from the participation of the decisions affecting their lives and their choice.
The present proposal does not continue to reduce the rate of time to reflect the interests of the interest, which is currently currently on 2 per cent.
The proposed support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to ensure a comparison with changes in the volume of the activities approved for the fiscal period, the increase and decrease is expressed in the assistance of the costs used for the approval of the appropriation.
Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported the process of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter from 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues of the Security Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 28 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.7 of 28 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.7 of 23 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 23 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
A afforestation and reforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has seen a decline in the income of the State's State's right to the decrease of customs and taxes, and it has therefore been a reduction of public spending, especially in the social sector.
Details was requested on the joint group of the Human Rights Commission (WTO) proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, including the right to development, including the development of development issues, including UNCTAD and WTO, had stated that they had not been done for the proposal.
At the same time, the delegations requested a strengthening of cooperation, exchange and regional integration of South-South integration.
One speaker said that the working group was already a follow-up mechanism and that it was necessary to consider the studies and experience of national experiences and follow-up to the implementation of the outcome of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group considered that States should address the elimination of barriers to exports of developing countries and to eliminate some economic sectors that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate work, including the recommendations, as appropriate.
The group drew questions to the Director of the project on the methodology of water, the quantity of oil-to-scale loans, the amount of sinks, the number of employees and entities that are used.
He stresses the importance of effective coordination, accountability and predictable in this area.
Registration studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution under all balanced, a resolution which did not request Israel to comply with the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of Territories by force and to consider that the wall wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
In its development programmes, UNDP, UNDP, partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — Africa, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Nepal, Senegal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation of 84
The written response to Iraq is summarized as follows:
In the number of these instruments, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the atmosphere, outer space, outer space and water, including the Moon and other Celestial Celestial bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Agreement governing the activities of States on the Moon and Other Celestial bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Treaty, signed on 1 December 1949 and entered into accordance with 23 June 1961, established the first Zone of the demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq recognized that there was no attention to these changes.
I believe that we are very important, we must recognize that the end of innocence is left, no need for us.
The last part of the conclusions.
A general programme is expected to achieve development and combating poverty, while the gaps of productivity in the country and countries are reduced through the mobilization of expertise, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to a equitable and sustainable development.
It is why strengthening institutional capacity, the development of expertise and the promotion of entrepreneurship is also essential for the success and impact of the programmes of technical cooperation programmes, in this context, it is proposed that the effectiveness of the experience of UNIDO's technical cooperation and the effectiveness of the expertise and expertise of the services are provided in the framework of eight modules of UNIDO services.
The Non-Arab Treaty of the Non-President for the establishment of a commercial, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the Inter-Arab Agreement of the Non-Presidents on preparations and organization in the case of the first election of the first election in the Bundestaga of 3 September 2005.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, the ratification of these instruments, but also because, in accordance with article 25 of the Basic Law of the latter, as well as in accordance with article 25 of the Basic Law, in the extent that they can be interpreted as the general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties included a separate section on the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Sweden, the Czech Republic, Sweden, France, Latvia, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Other views that the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies in relation to climate change (Australia, New Zealand).
In the conflict's conflict is essential to maintain a minimum of international environment in order to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the environment.
It should be necessary when the construction of new facilities for waste facilities, provide the use of such water.
The quality of land waste in both and the areas of water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with international standards.
Thus, it was agreed in the Oslo Agreement, it should be used to use the installation of the aircraft in the Oslo Agreement.
Second report on the implementation of the budget budget
Mr. Bela (Liechtenstein) said that the past year has been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as to disseminate tolerance and education of indigenous peoples to promote better understanding between cultures.
After a number of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the item at several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
In the first place, all individuals have the duty to assist the public power, depending on their own capacity, to fulfil fully the fundamental role of the organization.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to take the functions that they are assigned and to take into account the topics that they are in their jurisdiction.
The Committee finds that the Special Committee on the question of Palestine's question is greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through the initiatives of Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of our efforts.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States on the fact that the cost of the first conference of the review conference, in accordance with rule 14 of the Convention, will be submitted by States parties and States parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, based on appropriate.
(a) Took concern that there had been a high proportion of staff staff in the regional commissions of the staff and staff staff and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, as appropriate;
(c) The programme of general services are related to the functions of the Executive Director and staff staff for all offices, and therefore the need for capacity-building capacity, is based on the local situation and the rule of development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children are died.
The first time, since the crisis of Cuba, that the peoples of the world will take the position of two options around a crisis of the situation and is not a diplomatic settlement, as well as a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful, peaceful, peaceful, peaceful, peaceful, peaceful and the consequences of a act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interests of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of work on the ground, it is to note that through the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, the Inspectors were often access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private homes.
The peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not removed from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They shall not take a disciplinary measure or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or that the society did not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was pointed out that it was necessary to be prepared to amend its positions and to explore a fair compromise.
Introduction
Great Lakes.

In accordance with the procedures for the Registry (art. 26-3), which was prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
In Afghanistan, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Korea, the Sudan
In this connection, the Syrian Arab Republic has asked — or every person in this Chamber is to speak on the vote's vote.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know that there is a key responsibility for the establishment of a senior government body for the progress of the important reform of the United Nations system in order to strengthen the international public service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agrees with the recommendation by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of extrabudgetary materials and the compensation for studies in the country and the commercial areas listed in the country and the other regions listed in the country (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the General Assembly's recommendation on reimbursement costs (c) (c) of paragraph 141).
All parties were attended at the weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total of bank bank deposits has increased progressively, with a increase of 6 per cent during the six months.
This is a result of the history, a presentation of action and action.
Mexico believes that a reform of reform should be made on five basic criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration, developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has been expanded to be expanded.
Purpose and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and attempt against the goal of access to the economic, economic and expeditious levels of insolvency proceedings.
(d) The assets of the encumbered assets may have to increase a overall increase of credit, because secured creditors would be guaranteed that their rights would not be injured by the commencement of a insolvency procedure.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during the period may be obtained by the representative of insolvency insolvency.
The possibility of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets will be made to be a balance with the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take into place the complex decisions of the right to respect.
Pre-selection clauses
In addition to more transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly be clear in the law on the sanctions of the insolvency representative on the types of contract in this section.
However, even if this approach was adopted, it may be the representative of the insolvency insolvency to obtain a procedure to recover the assets or their value to the consent when it would not stay.
As a result, however, there is a total of a total of a total of the company and to undermine the continuation of its exploitation in a critical stage of survival.
The following below does not claim and, in some cases, the functions of the functions are not or will not be relevant in the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general rule, the committee will be held on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions of the latter, as described above.
When a committee of creditors shall be established (and the treatment of professionals) may be given to the obligation required by its members (and professional services) that they have signed the confidentiality agreements.
Some of those of them are the general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should be given a clear and precise manner to all parties in the financial situation of the debtor and the changes of certain rights that are proposed, or to the requirements of the minimum requirements, for example, that the plan should provide payment of certain claims.
In practice, there may be a result of 10 days (see chap.
Recommendations on the notification of the opening of the commencement of the debtor, which requires the request of the request to be notified and to provide the possibility of the possibility of the author
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Victims of Persons in Tax Matters, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
In this regard, the programme is responsible to provide support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Coordination of the United Nations Secretariat Executives Board.
On 6 December, the Chair distributed a draft statement of the President Chairman the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Under Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, submitted in the framework of a meeting held with the participation of countries to troop-contributing countries in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during six months (S/2002/13/138).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having made the majority of a vote, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Colup Vilin Keli (Botswana) and Mr. Man. Nennr Alouououou (Côte d'Ivoire) and Mr. Man. Nnniouououou (Côte d'Ivoire) and the Committee's Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a term of three years.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these powers are in place and due.
The Foundation is proud to provide electronic communications services that allow the D-77 to meet the needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2004, organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (on 100 participants);
Information-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric of the right and women's young people and young girls are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, ex-combatants were the only person to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is prepared to provide a comprehensive training manual for the United Nations peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to be done in the situations of the post-up to the reconstruction of reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to ensure their relief and compensation.
Web sites of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
During 12 years, Saddam Hussein has made the Security Council resolutions.
We are today in rapid growth, sustained by a strong programme for development and development, a industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, whose most recent report is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of the annual sessions of the annual sessions should be translated into a number of 300300, on the basis of the cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include that the right of the right to water without discrimination without discrimination and that measures to ensure effective implementation, concrete and targeted measures.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Office may, if necessary, to request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“a) (a) The book is based on 2.1 per cent, where the content contains more than 85 per cent, as well as the chemical-use components, and the chemical chemical, is equal or more than 30 to 30;
“For United Nations No. 3175, the test of the explosion is not required when the sale is fully used in a strong manner in a sacred reputation.
P-33 Add the paragraph after “Ezs of the work of the proposed version of the manual.
4.1.9.1.1 “the industrialization of the type of 1 (art. 2) (b.g., “e.g.e.org's model of 2 (b.g.P.e.org's type of Model Section (e.g.P.org, “the type of type” (P.P., ".org.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.4.1.1.1.4.1.1.1.1.1.4.4.1.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.6.4
6.2.6.3.3.3
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kinayeaye said that, in paragraphs 149 and 144, women's victims are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that it is not only in the country, they cannot be subjected to the authors of crimes.
In addition, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, economic governance and good governance in Africa, African leaders are seeking to strengthen NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without the development of the disease of massism, we can make that it was used to ensure the development and stability of other countries and other regions.
There has been a result of the past two years, but the remainder still remain at the level of the 1990s.
The commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued leadership of Africa, working work in the development of the continent, will contribute to the full realization of NEPAD.
It is the first international legally binding international treaty on trade-related products.
(b) Travel of pollutants and breast cancer by sources of sources;
Note
As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, a note was taken in the review of cooperation activities in 1999 by the Commission of Great Settlements, the implementation of the United Nations Congress's vision and experience in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.3, Principles andRev.1, Principles and Principles.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, signed A/AC.268.3/WP.3);
(a) The parents or guardians of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the fulfilment of its functions in the maintenance of peace, exclusion of those who have died from natural causes or a accident, after the extension of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled control, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of law and training;
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Office of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs is in place until the election of their successors and will be eligible.
(c) The Board should organize research on existing models in order to demonstrate that it is able to ensure that it is able to be used in a innovative manner, and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed the proposal made by States members of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference.
There are a risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the basic responsibility of society and the natural environment for the atmosphere of the expression and well-being of all members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume its responsibilities.
Children's children are the first affected by Israeli acts, killing, the destruction, destruction and detention of those children who have not access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far far by a world fit for children”.
We look forward to the hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help meet the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of children, especially minors, and children displaced to persons in their countries who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced in armed conflicts;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 B of 10 December 1996, 52/38 V of 9 December 1997, 52/38 B of 4 December 1998, B-d of 20 November 2001, 56/24 B of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
The protection of children's rights — against abuse and sexual exploitation, including the major obstacles to girls.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries of the region were now developed to develop legislation for severe penalties for traffickers recognized.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is now two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium, as well as in chapter 24 Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This amount will cover expenditure: 12 military personnel of the Professional officers ($883,200, and 8 of the national staff, and a increase of a increase of staff and consultants ($5,000 per cent of the staff and consultants ($5,000 per cent of the national staff and consultants (100 million) for the basis of administrative and operational staff (including the United Nations Volunteers) and consultants (15,000 per cent) of the United Nations staff and consultants (15,000 per cent) of the United Nations staff and consultants (15,000 per cent) and the United Nations information and training programmes ($315,000).
Consideration of the work of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, dated 2 June and 9 July 2003, dated 2 June and 9 July 2003, addressed by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations, and to 9 July 2003 respectively, dated 2 June and 9 July 2003, addressed by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed.
“The honour of the President of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference of the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Abdjjlii, Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, the Chargé d'affaires a briefing to the Council under article 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still high, and is a simple solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs reiterated this condemnation of his conviction in his relationship with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of settlements in the occupied territories, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against Palestinians's Palestinian people are the tragedy.
However, it also noted the various points that had been expressed in the Working Group in connection with the form and scope of this instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main features.
On 24 June, it agreed to recommend the secretariat to follow up the scope of the study in order to enhance the scope of the study in the light of the scope of the study in electronic commerce that could arise from other instruments of other organizations that could be considered, in view of the constraints that might be established to the secretariat of the current work.
The companies who operate in international activities should not affect their identity or their own.
(i) To make a new reduction of nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral actions and in the context of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Non-Proliferation and Restrictions that it would undermine its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The members of the State of the State states that when they consider the purposes of ratification of the documents to be submitted to the participation of Latvia in the European Cooperation Agreement and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, as well as the European Communities and their member States, including the need to consider that Latvia would carry out its obligations on human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology of sustainable forest management
Secondly, it should be used to use the knowledge of studies on the basis of the indicators of the number of factors, which are to be used, and in particular, and more effective and strong.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text was adopted by the Commission without a vote.
As a result of the simplified format, it is possible to be not available only to the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination of coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and efficiency in implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in this new millennium and in the realization of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Projects had been approved for two Territories and their application would be taken into consideration to determine whether they can be applied.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary, also called on the names of the list listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, paragraph 5 of the two candidates of the names are also communicated by the Secretary-General, who shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, who shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, which shall be appointed by the Secretary-General, and that it will be alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
Claimant's claim on the period for the development of the
KHACO has assessed the fuel and A-1 to its cost costs in May 1991, on the basis of the price price.
The concentration of production used after this date is based on the annual production rate that had been held in 1994, although the figures of the production of the production is now available.
Ms. Phami Ngaga (Viet Nam) said that the draft resolution of objectivity, the draft resolution of objectivity and does not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is a mistake on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed the international community to the international community on the establishment of a International Criminal Court for its country in order to conclude violence and impunity.
In November last, he has been killed by a terrorist attack in a terrorist attack.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As at the same time, the international community has made its intention to the Road Map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, and its implementation must require political will to achieve the ultimate goal, namely to two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
In spite of some positive signs, the political process of Israeli settlement, Israeli colonization policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall can be held against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while in the event of the death of all of all of its names, we must recognize that a source of this tragedy is the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustices that would not be addressed.
In contrast, Iran did not have a nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, trans alia of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the system of international security and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI,
Reaffirming the need to implement resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
The completion of the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, there may be some of those accused, and that others were never arrested.
In addition, in addition to a amendment to October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as a entity based on the equal basis of spouses.
This plan provides the establishment of the working policy policy committees that are at least a woman among their members and who are responsible for implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for those trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a early transfer of the process would allow that cases were completed in the time, as the President said, the judicial process was not enough.
2
It is why the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is carried out by the full elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the first time of nuclear weapons.
In competition law, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and credits for export, but without a clear basis for a clear basis.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment of the National Women of Women's Women, which aims to promote women, especially through facilitating access to access, in good conditions, credit and technology;
A project is in the south-Pacific region.
A description
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to study the possibility of establishing a United Nations Stabilization system that would lead to the role of the Agency's mechanism to help respond to the losses of the implementation of action measures.
Aware of the importance of collaboration between the organizations of the United Nations International Space System
Recommends the Commission on Human Rights to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty shall be removed by the law on the criminal sanctions of the two Bar and that it is expressly expressly expressly referred to in their respective jurisdictions.
The Commission decided to establish a working group of the Open-ended Working Group to consider ways to improve the predictability of financing.
In particular, the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions imposed damage and financial resources to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of special circumstances or force (at natural disasters, threats to famine, security, security, security-based security activities, in order to prevent humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered under cases.
The delegation's delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force to prevent humanitarian disaster, and should be decided to prevent humanitarian disaster, and should be decided in the case of the view that such a provision could not be necessary if there is already a need to be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already required in the sanctions regime.
It was noted that the last principle of the principle of codification and progressive development of international law and the progressive development of international law and that it would be necessary to ensure that the Commission on International Law should know and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the key work of the Committee against terrorism.
In spite, despite the slight amendment of the Panel of Governmental States, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged, but they believe that the experience of the United States of Arab States had remained unchanged, in particular that the experience of the past years has shown that the fact that the experience of the past of conventional weapons, which would not have no universal participation.
Our report on Liberia is another example for the basis that Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino took the floor to the Security Council.
Decides that the Office of the Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States serving as the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several points concerning the liquidation operation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (E.1), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, your efforts are coordinated to the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague, Reports of Conventions, Convention, Convention No. 2 (available on www.unc.net/f/documents/index.html).
The obstacles to a full and full participation of women in political life can not affect traditional attitudes of society, which has a effective impact of resistance, the proportion of men, with regard to the fact that women can play a role in a decision-making approach.
The trial of one of the Kosovo, accused of the accused of the attack of April in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research-based research-based activities, as well as in the field of space space operations, are designed to be implemented and carried out by the search of research teams in the areas of the production of the Sun, through the pharmaceutical, navigation, air storage and materials.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development had not been able to be able to double jobs with other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a objective and integrated approach in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase has already enabled the capacity-building of the Somali institutions in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Working Group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the seventh session of action taken to implement the present decision.
“The village of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect him.
The Human Rights Commission must play a key role in the process of improving the situation of human rights in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, such as private and private organizations, as well as multilateral organizations to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or that appropriate, in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all regions affected;
Ms. Silg Brao (Cuba) said that it would be able to address a meeting of the expanded office to be a long-term approach, because the views expressed to express a informal meeting, as well as the views expressed by the Bureau in a informal meeting, will not be considered only to the Commission in its entirety.
(iv) All the accounts and outputs of the representative of the Secretary-General to serve as the Secretary-General to serve to the International Legislative Council and on the period of six months, after those costs will be paid to the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism by weapons of mass destruction will be consistent with the framework of the three stages of the Committee against terrorism, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the institutional framework for the implementation of legislation, and in the development of international cooperation.
Its cost of the production is still very diverse.
In spite of the long-standing time of hope to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been a enemy of armed conflict during other phases and periods, which are well as a clear impact on the efforts of Egypt to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the country and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic minorities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the State's State is the maritime sector to carry out the smuggling of weapons and trafficking in drug and arms trafficking.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In the case of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military tribunals of the Territory”.
The participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, among the representatives of public organizations, international organizations, organizations of consumers, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that the twenty-fifth sessions of the Council and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which have concluded with a period where four years of reform, the Organization has a more stability.
In spite of the financial constraints, the United Nations has undertaken its financial obligations to the Organization.
Dates of regular sessions
If the President of the Executive Board is a representative of a member of the Executive Board or is not unable to fulfil its functions, or whether the State member of the Council is a representative of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board, as a President of the Executive Board was elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the claims of missing persons in Cyprus, given that there is no longer agreement on the way to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was contained in the form of a subvention to streamline the link between the Office of the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure more flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered chapter 35 (C.g. for development) by the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme is expected to take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions of the Committee should be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for review and measures to take action.
The list of participants in annex I to the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A representative of a minority recommended that autonomy in the people of the Islamic Republic of Brazil, which would allow that it would promote socio-economic development and full participation of women's control.
The term “and indigenous minorities” did not be accepted by all, its use of the discussions and discussions.
More training courses should be encouraged to learn to learn from the rights of human rights mechanisms and the agenda for development.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is no doubt that a new consensus on the question of the role of the public sector in the area of energy for sustainable development (which could be a example of example to establish the objectives of public policies, to determine the priorities and guidance of markets, without prejudice that the market forces would not be unable to address the energy of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be seen as “in”: some provisions of the Convention have been translated into specific legislation.
(c) The two Turkish military aircraft, aircraft from the FIR of Ankara, Israel have entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the air airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled in the occupied territory of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled in the area of the position, they have been used in this way.
There is a long-term approach and will be made.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and recently, in Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in the conditions of urgency, peacekeeping operations more complex, inter alia, among various regional partners.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Morenocampo Ocampo, has come to our office in Geneva to discuss with the areas of cooperation.
Those words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Jayjt (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank your delegation for having a important issue that the human rights of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for the agenda of the Council.
A ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes in decision decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, the sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, particularly the political risks, which are engaged in the sustainable management of forests in the emerging crisis;
However, the United States has not done that they have provided money to the Iranian citizens after missiles from the Iranian military aircraft in the territory of Iran.
C. Out of students in knowledge management, particularly relating to accounts
(b) Analysis of analysis and design of systems (C.C., which covers information issues, is treated in the Convention.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist act, and Ariel Sharon, who have participated in the massacre of Kafr Q Qassi in 1956, ordered the Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the budget budget for conference services, to ensure that the resources provided under temporary temporary assistance to meet the full implementation of the staff;
Paragraph 2 would be very close in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32 and it would therefore take a “exation of the ground that may be required for the implementation of the project, in accordance with the provision of the project, which would be followed by the text in accordance with paragraph 2 of the provision of article 2, paragraph 2 of the provision of a reference to commercial differences.
It may be a second term to the French version.
The provision of such as amended, was approved and to the drafting group.
[EGLISH ONLY]
(f) That, as is proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty should be released from a manner that would ensure that they have been released and, in addition, they have been released in conditions that ensure their physical integrity and the possibility of their rights;
The study revealed that the Office's administrative services would not provide full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, and to adopt the best practices of the Internet.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as a result of the request made in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to ensure Myanmar in a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all of the two are fully fully and freely access to Myanmar and all other cooperate with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur should be submitted to any form of intimidation, harassment or acts;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of the resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, on behalf of the Commission on Human Rights, in its fifty-eighth session, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, and to report thereon to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session, and to report thereon to the Commission at its sixtieth session;
• It should be considered to overcome the major companies of mining companies by the State, as well as the MVam and MEA (Minister of Bakanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and strengthening the strengthening of those;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;
The unutilized balance is mainly primarily to the decision that had been not allowed to purchase new new battalions, the generators available to be converted through the spare equipment and are sufficient to ensure the production of electricity.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and programmes, including the request for the family for protection and assistance, as well as possible, and the family of various forms, which differ in cultural, political and social systems,
The Group of Carargburg was interested to address the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the role of which, inter alia, encourages the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial programme and management of the Programme of Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
The medium-term capacity-building plan: support for the organization of the United Nations system and posts (and private and private services) responsible for the formulation and implementation of legislation and the implementation of legislation, inter-ministerial coordination and training on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on these issues and draft resolutions were submitted and discussed by 11th meeting on 15 to 24 October (see A/C/PV.11.11 p.
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team has completed its mission on six hours, and returned to the Shab`a Nina Nina in Mosul.
The Ministry of Internal Oversight Services informed the briefing and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
It should be recognized to recognize the importance of the high-level services as a engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who are a entity of the private sector or working, in particular, as well as that it is, in order to ensure or refrain upon any entity, or to be able to refrain on a effective, financial, financial or commercial operation, as a result of a military, financial or commercial operation, which is a cause of prejudice to the entity of the private sector].
(j) Identify, freezing and transfer of illicit origin from terrorist acts;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to be taken into account the existing regional mechanisms and to prevent duplication.
Text taken by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (item 32) submitted a “without measures”.
In this year, a estimate is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of circumstances in addressing the most complex circumstances in the most complex circumstances;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of the treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent to the protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Office, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation of human rights”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration” and to allocate the consideration of the Committee.
In the light of the determination of States that are not non-nuclear-weapon States, States must have to demonstrate that they are fully made in the context of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forest-based forests are sometimes at the detriment of natural forest and prejudice to the rights and means of the interests of local populations (see highly highly discouraged in the meeting of Santiago).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made by the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter from 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a additional report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is working to promote research in the areas of policy analysis, strengthening institutional capacity and training.
Ecuador's number of women in the University of the United Nations, in particular of 61 men.
Ms. Oguar Oo (Ecuador) said that the constitutional amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which has occurred in the Congress on first reading and is held in a second reading.
Resolution 146 (2003)
CLOUT decisions No. 336, after the establishment of the National Commission on Action against piracy and terrorism, as well as the National Security Council of Civil Aviation.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, such as the Charter of the United Nations,
The exchange of views that have been followed by the delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
Inter-African Movement
H.E-Minister
However, it may be necessary to take a number of factors in particular, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and existence of a agreement governing relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR on the generosity of donors, particularly Governments, to cover those needs.
The critical task remains to address the effects of the violence and to address the current violations of the current situation to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community would take a major potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, on the basis of the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29.24 The planning of programmes and the budget budget is under the Division for Programme Planning and Budget.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Trust Fund of the Institute of the Institute of the Institute for 31 December 2003 should be allocated to 735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of the term “and electronic or electronic clause” is the definition of the same term in article 2 of the Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicmzia (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963- 963-846).
For the exception of publications for sale and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the Official Records of the Official Information Section may be available in the electronic version of the Journal, documents of the list of the list of the list of the United Nations documents.
Ltd. (Sudan) (Sudan) (spoke in French) (Egypt) No. NL = Lazi Air Airways (Egypt) of the Government of Liberia, Relief Relief Services (Canada).
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal use by the security forces of the security forces, the land, and other non-aircrafts, which can undermine the economic stabilization of the United Nations system, which cannot discourage capital flows by foreign investors.
The United Nations must play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, disappearances of such weapons would be referred to in the testimony received, the acts of the bacation.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population.
However, the country offices will be able to make better lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - objectives and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of the programmes of action among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and practices.
The observer for UNICEF has submitted the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the organs and institutions of the United Nations to develop and implement codes of codes prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations, providers of services by the Organization and humanitarian officials, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their field;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake the work of research for a better understanding of the diversion of the diversion of certain practices in order to detect women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the session of 1990 on improving and effectiveness of its operations (PBC/536), the Conference invited non-member States to participate in its work: Saudi Arabia, the Czech Republic, the Republic of San Marino, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, the United Jamahiriya, the Republic of Moldova, Saudi Arabia, Malta, Saudi Arabia, Malta, Saudi Arabia, Malta, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Saudi Arabia
I hope that the Ministers wished to draw steps to address all of the security issues.
It is also concerned about the links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on the biennium 2002-2003 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/C.5/550/Corr.1, A/C.5934, A/58/7 and A/58/7/Add.1 (A/C.587 and A/58/7/Add.1) (A/58/584, A/58/78 and A/61/8/6/Corr.1 (A/C.593 and A/58/7/Add.1)
Encourages countries to submit, under special reports, at the session of the Commission at its consideration of the Commission, including concrete progress in the implementation of the implementation, including results, difficulties and opportunities;
(d) To strive to ensure, within the Commission, a better and equitable representation of the major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, including trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the realization of sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, technical activities will include a assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in the achievement of the objectives; the inventory of the issues and obstacles to the work of the Commission; the establishment and management of a information and transparent information system, and, as a report containing information on partnerships for the purposes of consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has helped to develop educational materials, training training and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training of women.
The total amount of the total amount of the amount of USD 1,3,2,2,44 under the interests and the amount of USD 1725,4,954, under the amount of the three instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the second instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment of the second instalment.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will be able to ensure that regional initiatives organized by various organizations or organizations are a means of synergy.
The Fifth Committee considered the status of the budget implications of the programme budget submitted by the Secretary-General and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as well as the Secretary-General of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as well as the following draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.1/Rev.1, as well as the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as well as the following draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.1/Rev.1, and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
In the context of its work of the Government, the Government shall immediately provide adequate housing, food and services services for all returnees, men and women, and to continue to find a work, with the provision of the specific groups of a number of services.
In the framework of international cooperation, the Government is able to complete the full implementation of its central and census centre, in the aim of improving data data and updating and to provide a breakdown of sex.
In addition, there is a good example of more than more than the contribution of human rights in the area of poverty reduction, and examples of best practices in many of the country.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 1, and CESCR General Assembly No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is a result of reducing activities in the work of the Committee and those international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible under the law of local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential potential in a pragmatic manner;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides a overview of the evolution of the net transfer of resources for destination or from developing countries.
It is important to pursue dialogue that has been launched in Johannesburg on the issue of debt cancellation in the environment and sustainable development.
There has been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been delayed and cancelled to cause the lack of quorum.
At the occasion of the Day of Human Rights, the Office of New York of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights held several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the provision of the price of human rights.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid this problem in the light of the existing instruments on electronic commerce.
It reaffirmed that P&I had promoted the implementation of the instrument for the carriage of the carriage to be included and indicated that the problems could be able to be a system of a limited system of the limited market system, including the Conference of the Trade-General, in particular the Conference's trade system and in the letter of transport of the COMBOO.
In response to the reasons for which the draft instrument should be applied to a rule of non-payment of non-expendable property, it was reiterated that the most important issue of this item was to ensure that the secured liability regime should be in order to ensure that the secured liability regime should be required.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Network for Youth for Youth and the World Bank, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Network for Youth Youth, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003 at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Information Technology will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5 under the chairmanship of Mr. D. Ms. June Yvt Clarke (Barbados).
In accordance with the posts approved to 30 June 2003, the staff would be strengthened on 24 June 2003 of the General Service for the work of the General Service, 4 D-1, 13 P-3, 3 P-3, 5 P-3, 1 P-3, 1 P-3, 1 P-3, 1 P-3, 1 P-3, 1 P-3, the staff, including 25 staff, and US United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be noted by a Under-Secretary-General (Other level) (Other level) and a driver (the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked on the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Rights, the Federal Office of Gender Equality and men and the Swiss Association of Ministers to Gender equality among women and men and is concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, 34.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a norm in accordance with the implementation of the security standards of IAEA, with the appropriate participation of experts of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on the preparation of reports.
Option 3
In our great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken a position to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq, to ensure that they can fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Social health care are also sensitive in many countries.
Recently, in Moscow, our trade negotiations have deteriorated.
Among those, the National Women's National Forum is a body body and inter-ethnic dialogue, and a representative, to ensure women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to the participation of women's participation in rural, cultural and political institutions, the Secretariat sets out guidance for the prohibition of the type of groups, training training and capacity-building of the leadership, including and the rights of human rights in the departments of the Republic of Korea, Z.g., al-mail, Izz and Santa Rosa.
Week of women.
This collaboration could begin by a international symposium on the various aspects of commercial fraud and where different parties could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on non-governmental non-governmental organization that requested the consultative status with UNIDO: the World Labour Organization (GEFZZ).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities should consider the adoption of those measures and will be made in the light of the incident of the “plule”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account for the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate the chairpersons of the teams for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6 6 June 2003, New York
They noted that the Union's Union was the vision of a joint vision of a African peace region that would enable the African continent to meet the challenges that the continent and its peoples must face the most important economic and political aspects that have been in the world.
They stressed the fact that these institutions should be encouraged by some countries that have used such such-use systems to defend their interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to the assistance of the affected populations, without a view to influence the extent of interest in the media, without a view to influence the extent of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the location where it has the urgent need to require humanitarian assistance.
The investigation was carried out by Tunisia that no criminal bank system or the evidence of the United Nations system, financial assets or resources of individuals or entities contained on the above list.
Report of the Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be appointed within the United Nations system to provide support in this field and the regional commissions of the United Nations should provide:
Convinced that the responsibility of security security is the authority to the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic debate (e) will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States.
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism by the Criminal Code in the offences of the Criminal Code in accordance with the Act, allows the Office of the Prevention of Money-laundering to notify the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1 March 2004
This situation is considered periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental non-governmental organization of the High Commissioner's Affairs and the Management Section in the province of the United Nations High Commissioner in Great Britain.
It should be able to contribute to the development of policies and national and regional frameworks to create sustainable management of land resources and to bring a qualitative improvement and quantitative improvement of land and agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans and programmes and their policies and cultural policies, the content of indigenous knowledge, traditions and religious traditions, customs and religious communities, as well as their history, their vision and their values.
The war of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the impasse in which it is currently the process of the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increasing risk of nuclear weapons, which had created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States is needed to require negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa (Canada) of 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be guaranteed by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow to allow the Conference in itself or to allow it to be used in the case of the obstacles to be treated or because our sense of power can lead to the use of the arms.
In the preparation of the disarmament of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, the country team has initiated a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officials have trained the integration of the rights and protection of children in the field of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a one of the work of the United Nations the United Nations system, the amount of repatriation or payment of days of annual leave, as a result of the post-term period, as a result of the number of months, after the period, after a period or days of special leave to those payments, it is not impossible that the number of months, weeks or days of treatment for the period, not only the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would have been paid to the extent of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid the humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only the claims for the completed period, 2 May 1990 or after this date is under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the requirements for the period of compensation shall be subject to compensation.
The Committee (E4” Panel identified the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for different parts and dates for the losses reported in the claims of claims before it, to establish the area and the period of compensation for compensation (“the claim of claims”).
Canada agreed the Chair for a period of one year on 1 January 2004, after the end of the mandate of South Africa, 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will provide the assessment of best practices of the recent activities of planning and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly through the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and to the use of new arrangements related to civilian support and to the use of new United Nations staff personnel, as described in the three 3 and 4 per cent.
The maximum duration of the deployment of the deployment team of the deployment team will be announced at 90 days, with which they are able to return their duty.
A multi-ROM-ROM briefing entitled “The management of Australia” was recently completed and sent to missions in a short-year manner in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions has been strengthened by the establishment of training courses in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a code of a unique code should be applied to all personnel to peacekeeping missions, as well as military, civilians or civil police officials, even if disciplinary procedures vary depending on staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels.
The lessons learned in pilot projects show that there is a need to identify productive activities that there is a potential demand, including the costs of road-to-term costs, and requiring the expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is also a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other region — when a person is still the need to receive adequate care and interests.
After the studies of studies and interesting information, a participant stressed the need to find a just environment between the self-regulation and regulatory law to promote transparency.
The research of a structure within the developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered as a result of several participants and had been noted that consultations could play the role.
New York University University
University of St-mail
United Nations Decade for Sustainable Development
In accordance with rule 15, the gaps identified were reported to the complainants to do so.
In the case of a claim, the Committee has ascertained that the goods had been made in Iraq by the claimant, but it was not able to determine whether they had been limited to the extent that the arms embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of Security Council resolution 661 (1990) had been introduced, namely on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant asked compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees employed in the activities of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been important to support the support of the United Nations in the preparation of the study.
On 4 to 7 per cent of the number of these companies are reportedly obtained by women.
- The leaders and heads of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide their assistance in terrorist activities, in particular through terrorists or groups, in particular, or to provide funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or related transactions on funds or other financial assets;
- The Convention signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, in which it was its jurisdiction on the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case specified by paragraph 2 of the Convention;
The law, which is not sought, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the Code of the United States Act (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
The project and its members play a central role, and collectively, in assisting the Global Mechanism to carry out its mission, as it is set out in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, which is not to be able to carry out its role, which was not able to carry out its role, which had adopted that it has taken a positive approach.
To the Global Mechanism
There are also a result, but it is not more binding in 2002.
The ASEAN meeting, which was held on 9 and 10 July 1998 held experts from the non-nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention shall be guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, in the extent, if, in particular, whether such provisions may be invoked in the case, courts and administrative authorities, and whether they may have their use;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded by voluntary contributions and the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “International economic assistance for reconstruction and the development of Djibouti”, which provides a overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
As to the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should be able to improve the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of the system of defence services is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its session in 2002;
This figure is lower than 2001, in the light of the growing concerns of the security situation between 11 September 2001, which have resulted in some countries of resettlement, to limit the ad hoc visa.
In 1998, many evidence have been released to FAF.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures arising from inflation and currency fluctuations and the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
A systematic investigation, the Government has taken that a investigation was needed to be made to make a clear definition of the situation before the situation that would be applied, assess the degree of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group to provide information and clarification.
National authorities of law enforcement enforcement agencies have been followed to train the training of the training of the Regional Training Centre in the Department of Foreign Affairs in Lima.
(e) The proposed amendment also imposed on the subject to services relating to the list and activities of brokering.
To this end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for torture or to limit the death or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
In the case of specific cases referred to in the report, which should impose the possession of the services during long periods, in cases of the transfer of a prison, as a result of a violation of the Standard Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (art. 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman treatment or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text cited in this area may be consulted on the website, at http://www.un.ch.ch/ch/f/f/m.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of the evidence of a member of the Máíáááán, with a person or control of funds that are or may be used to commit a offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such a offence, to be used, unless the respondent or other person has been used in his satisfaction that the funds were not used or to be used to be used.
The “State group” is defined by reference to the Framework decision, as well as the general organization of two persons, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
International economic cooperation, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Territories of the Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all their own duties of savings before 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held a emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the United States of American States decided to establish the training of special social officers, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean of the Caribbean are few years to address these phenomena and climate variability.
• Provide the availability of small multinational and marine resources to be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory not used to plan, with or to provide their territory and to do so, and to provide them, or to provide them, or to provide them, or to provide them, or to provide them, or to do so, or to use the national territory to make in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the Central African Power, as well as some regions in many countries, are threatened by malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors the valuable support for the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of all natural resources in the Area, in particular of polymetallic sulphides and the burning of missiles, including standards for protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world of historical transformation and the greatest scope in which the African Union forces and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Tribunal should continue to continue, in the extent where the current trends that some international officials can be more likely to be more than other of other international officials.
In its part, the administration should follow up the review of review by the administration bodies of justice, the obligation to ensure that it often often.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gcococo (Cuba) said to clarify that it is to avoid the consensus that his delegation agreed in paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhh (Algeria) said that his delegation attaches particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing also in mind the Declaration of the World Summit on Food: five years, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared by consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and principles
It continues to commend the development of democracy in the Republic of China, and hoped that the Chinese people, both co-sponsors of the Taiwan Strait, will be resolved in a peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to include item 52 to the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
Exchange rate of November 2002.
This would provide the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those to ensure greater awareness of decision makers and the public community of outer space activities; promote sustainable development by the United Nations system and the private sector, and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space and to improve the management of natural resources in the world.
Viet Nam is committed to a nation-building and a prosperous society, and a democratic and democratic society, through human rights at the heart of economic and social policies.
Following the wealth of the countries of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death penalty of 10 children.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities prohibits the Turkish Cypriots to benefit their benefits as likely to restrict the freedom of expression of the expression of the expression of a President in which the right of the Israeli forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round discussion
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the absence of the existence of most vulnerable-based forest-based workers in the impact of the effects of the most likely to be found.
It is expected that these activities continue to accelerate new and vaccines.
Since several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, a part of a one of any, important, the challenge is to respond to the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
A national legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement their obligations as a fair and effective manner.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work of Member States, in the direction of the United States, in its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to support the United Nations system in conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the United States of America proposed that the follow-up meeting to the meeting of 6 March was held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More than we are done that we have still done.
Is this is not a definition of terrorism?
(a) The replacement of a or more staff officials;
The rights of minorities are based on human rights, as contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments of the Human Rights of Human Rights, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
In first, it focuses on the quality and availability of health services.
4133 women (133 per cent) to 263 teachers.
A number of reproductive health indicators included in the ninth 1997 and the second World Health Plan are presented below (table 4).
Therefore, it should be informed and educated with the population at the level of the families of women, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information programmes, education and communication (I), with the Government of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All institutions of the formal sector require tangible safeguards for loans.
The World Summit's summit, 1983 (4 June 2002).
Human beings in its history has never been held in a challenge of this type.
Liechtenstein welcomes this developments and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the representatives of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons with HIV/AIDS, have drawn attention and had been recognized by the international community of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, transfer and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some countries in developing countries for the development of a convention on remote sensing, it is expected that the resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it has before two principles that they consider:
rape was used in all impunity as a new strategic weapon to intimidate and terror the civilian population.
There was 10 years, violence against women was a matter of fear.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate crimes against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate those crimes in which legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur encourages the establishment of a mediator or any mechanism for monitoring and discipline in the context of all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides a overview of the obligations that international law on human rights is responsible in transnational corporations in respect of respect to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, although destruction of schools and health care in many regions is a violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Israeli economy had been more improved in recent years, it remains extremely disturbing, with a heavy debt rate and a high unemployment rate at 12 per cent (in official).
Accordingly, they have done that the non-payment of the Secretary-General of the amount required under Article 19, and at least not non-compliance with the commitments that had been made in the three plans of arrears were due to the exceptional circumstances of its commitment.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in a assessment of the financial activities in the United States Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned steps for 2003 and beyond the provision of national capacity in the health and development of family, strategic planning of the population component, and the development of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS and support for the development and promotion of the implementation of the country's development strategy;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with satisfaction the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the result of your skills and your effectiveness — which are very much in your diplomatic office, in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, and here is the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has focused in the years of a more more developed-level programme in the context of its work of work, using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police of Brunei Darussalam, in cooperation and coordination with other United Nations peacekeeping services, works with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument has concluded during the seventh session of the Special Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, “Prevention of crime and criminal justice”, also considered in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signature of the signature of the United Nations Convention against Corruption, which will be held in a timely manner for the signature of the signature of the United Nations Convention against Corruption, which will be held in a timely manner for the signature of the signature of the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
The Conference on Disarmament
(c) General Assembly resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “The Organization of the United Nations:
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.1258.
The progressive development of the principles and norms of international law in the new international economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the draft draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and again again addressed general issues on the scope of the application of the application (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
It is also clear that the efforts of African countries and support by the international community and the United Nations system, allows a understanding of understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is indispensable and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not provide adequate resources to consider all activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.9/2001/11) to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in the light of the global production of opium, increased from 200,000 tons in the beginning of the twentieth century at least one of a third of the volume in 2000.
Africa provided a number of replies (2 per cent), the Americas of the 2077 per cent), the 208 per cent), and the 70 per cent), between 8 per cent), and Oceania 2 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is certainly to say in its report, the Secretary-General submits why, in his opinion, it was unable to say that it would not be able to begin this opportunity.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory in relation to education of primary education and four public schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the text of section 35 (C.g. for development) by the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the capacity-building strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CSP).
The border is therefore committed, however, increased by resolution 1507 (2003) of Security Council, which calls upon the two parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal municipal structures in the municipal structures of the Pristina between Pristina) are still vacant, no single candidate would not be submitted.
Representatives of Kosovo Serbs in five municipalities, in Kosovojeje, Lijanjan and Oyy (in the region of Pristina), No. Broo (the Caribbean region) and Zvnan (at Mitrovica) and Zvnan (at Mitrovica) was reported in the difficulties of access to judicial institutions.
60.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments for the conditions that there is no economic stability at the national level and the level of decisions; (b) a commitment and commitment to the use of the damage to the environment, through advice and assistance for UNEP, through advice and assistance to the Fund for the Environment and other resources of the United Nations Environment Fund and other resources for the implementation of the work programme.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and a electronic forum on best practices concerning social and environmental responsibilities in the Internet (1); to the Internet (1); advisory services and other chemicals, based on the electronic technologies on environmentally sound development for sustainable development” and the web site of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (2);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development of the continent, and it is that it must also be treated to a comprehensive perspective.
C. Inter-agency disarmament of democracy and human rights
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To provide full effect to education and ensure that it is recognized and without discrimination without discrimination;
Recommends the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS in the global crisis, which is adopted by General Assembly resolution S-26/2, on 27 June 2001, in its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/5 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view to streamlining and effective efficiency and effectiveness, to facilitate access to information, to continue to cooperate with intergovernmental intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations, as well as international organizations and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures that they have taken to promote and implement human rights, as well as the present resolution, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to give special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of different groups;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has stated that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls upon the ongoing implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, on exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the Status of emergency,
United Nations Office for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including inter alia, with the international donors to the training of authorities responsible for the implementation of laws, which are designed to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take appropriate measures to improve access to justice, as well as implementation of the reform measures of the penitentiary regime to be consistent with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43 paragraph 2 of the Convention, which provides the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at 10th, expressing the hope that this amendment will be able to fulfil the Committee to effectively effectively implement the existing and the Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will be taken at the end of delay,
(g) To provide mutual assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings on offences referred to in paragraph 1 of article 3 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for the inclusion of evidence that they are necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted the amendments (E/CN.4/2002/L.77) proposed draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.2, paragraph 1, as follows:
Discrimination in criminal justice
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrawn the amendment (E/CN.4/2002/L.103) proposed draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaties;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among the elderly, women are still many than men, the gap in the age, and that the status of women living in the world must be a priority priority.
It was understood that the reimbursement was based on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully used for the costs of their participation in the United Nations peacekeeping force.
In this regard, the Secretariat has taken discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in order to ensure that, it is necessary to provide further information on the approach to the methodology.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had completed 46 aircraft in 2002 to 3030 hours and 2450 hours and 2445 hours and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Forum on Environment was opened at 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chinonon announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of judges had been established for further cooperation between UNEP and judges.
In a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted the Member States and received written comments:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major challenge to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
B. B. B. B. B.
However, the “Syrian people” are involved in the maintenance of any very discriminatory nature for children.
It is therefore not able to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the ground where they are involved.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relating to persons who have been arrested from the military forces or security services between 16 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred in the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information received by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Kai, at Mr. Seth and Ms. Barth-memy, who had their dedication and their availability, honour to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 is estimated for the costs of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, including other aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technology;
In this area, two Palestinians, a boy of 15 years, Mohammed Nahe Minister, took the death.
Developments in peace process
However, in the month of July and September 2002, certain acts are committed to the armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, among which the age of women, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict is far far.
One member of Eastern European States;
Noting that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays have been made in the review of regular reviews, evaluation assessment,
It is expected to be expected to raise problems in the future, because there will be time to change the management of financial management and focus on products and results, rather than the scale and planning.
It is unfortunate that there is no way to achieve the objectives set out in the Programme of Action, as well as the cause of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may be in writing in writing.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequate in that regard to a large number of migrant workers in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party requested international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Affairs.
He also welcomed the efforts of the State party to provide the results of its relationship with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including through possible consultations for their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in the light of the concluding concluding observations of these bodies.
In connection with general observation, it was suggested that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access to the information of public authorities or third parties on water, health services and environment.
The “One a a soldier of peace” has allowed to send peacekeepers deployed in Bosnia and Lebanon in Bosnia and Lebanon from 15 million to the date of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to redouble its efforts to take action to ensure confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, particularly in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Tonga, Tonga.
In particular, the following:
A approach and a collective spirit have emerged.
We are likely to take those objectives that facilitate the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the risks posed by mines, in possession of the use of mines, by providing assistance to victims, in order to support their social reintegration and to establish new States to accede to the Convention and in the light of its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means to improve the lives of the people of many countries affected to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also submitted a series of developments in the role of the Special Group of Action and described some adjustments to the level of its objectives and the organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice of a person who commits or attempt to commit a person of such acts.
Paragraph 1 bis.
If the death is committed by the author, if it has a vehicle in the vicinity of the day, in the effect of drug or drugs, with the effect of illicit or drugs that have been used or to reduce their own family, but the death penalty of the death penalty is not a result of which they would be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each case of cases, and the arguments heard, the President of the Committee's recommendations on contracts for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) In Brazzaville, 14 to 17 May 2003, on the eighteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to contribute to effective and coordinated efforts to address the challenge of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security system in the DGG are designed for young people who are based on the labour market without their training.
B. Social security of social security included in the system
They are declared by the beneficiaries of the spouses of the spouses and the spouses or separate spouses, or the marriage of marriage was declared.
It is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle of the principle that it should guide public action.
(c) Management and Security States documents for the safe housing and measures for rehabilitation;
In those agreements the public authorities and self-sustainment are able to carry out their respective normative skills, which are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural rights of conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount of the amount.
A solution may be available to children, as well as their younger age, education and to raise awareness of gender equality in order to promote a new culture that promotes a common approach against HIV/AIDS and improve the economic and social situation of all of all.
The rule set forth in Barcelona Traction is derived with the general principles of the law of companies recognized by civil society and non-proliferation of international law.
It shows that the nature of diplomatic protection and the rule set forth in Barcelona Traction has led to the States to use the treaties of bilateral investment, which allows the States to resolve the international extradition treaties or to the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes in the context of the Convention for the Limits of Disputes in the Convention of States and Other States.
Constitutional Authority
The United Kingdom and the United States has strongly condemned the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their own nationals, which have been able to protect their own nationals, which had been denied a right, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute that had been invoked to establish the amount of compensation to grant.
A society may not change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection in exchange of its social service, its home or the basis of which it is monitored.
Ibid., p. 5.
“The Court of the First Court of the First Court would not preclude a violation of the rights of their rights as a result of the defence of their rights, as well as the right to the General Assembly and to vote.
Mutual legal assistance, as well as the laws, treaties, treaties, agreements and relevant arrangements of the State Party shall be responsible in the State party, in accordance with rule [...] [A Responsibility of the State party” in accordance with article [...] [A liability of the State's person]
(c) The full or partial reserve of the value of proceeds or property or funds from the sale of the sale of the financial debt of the State Party.
]
A proposal by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly will take into account the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
To promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also emphasized that, in its programmes, projects, and activities, the importance of family relations and the protection of the natural values.
Although the situation of these persons have changed in the past recent years, some families have able to return their homes, resettlement of displaced persons remains a matter of humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the country and other in this area, and that there are a need for increased cooperation for cooperation.
Studies and studies
Publications
- aspects of the rights of the contingent-contributing troops in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
It was expressed about the view that there is some external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/HRC.4072/L.27) sent by Arias Arias, President of the Committee against Terrorism, we are pleased to submit a comprehensive report to be submitted by the Government of the United Nations in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001) of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this context, it would be able to reiterate the capacity of the Secretariat and to make all lessons learned from the work of the expert groups.
It is without saying that my delegation associates fully with the statement of the representative of Italy, Ambassador Hulolo Pata, who spoke with a view to speak on behalf of the European Union.
Given that I is also the debate of today's human rights institutions in Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Statistical studies of the third cycle in the University of the University of the University of the University
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers of asylum without authorization on the date of Colombo, the Cayman Islands and the Argentine Zmmus was received to Nauru and the United Kingdom of Justice in Papua New Guinea, where they would be held in the detention centres pending until their applications for asylum;
In the light of the signs of Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the Conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully fully support the regional approach to the Great Lakes region, which is therefore the importance of a adequate review for this international conference.
The Committee on the question of treaties has little progress, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but other issues of the principle have made any serious progress.
In negotiations previously under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denkash, in the framework of a comprehensive action of a comprehensive action, agreed that the area of the Turkish State of the Turkish Cypriot.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not appear to be seen to reflect the number of actions or the political will of the Government of Canada, Ms. Gnacadjaja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
A more comprehensive information on the services to those women have access to the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals or entities of those efforts and to follow-terrorism measures.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second cases should be managed by those who are in the first, where access to Internet and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Aii (Morocco) said that the Organization has established internal oversight mechanisms that allow the identification of irregularities and to recommend solutions.
It is important to identify such practices as soon as possible and to avoid them.
The proposed items will be added to the list of the third meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part).
31.4.4.2 The Web-of-conapation of the capers shall be classified as a result of a long-day nature of the following:
The movement of indigenous people stressed the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not obliged to take a valid rule and seemed to be determined to comply with its intentions despite the unilateral conviction.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall wall, the construction of the Palestinian land and prevent Palestinians live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this critical task.
Stressing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect the diversity, and that education, in particular, should be useful to promote tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of Security Council resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 of the necessary mechanisms necessary to enable its members, including those of the Non-Self-Governing Territories of the United Nations, in particular, in accordance with the Rules of Procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator concerning the protection mechanisms of the deposits is due to the fact that the public public system are not involved as other.
A number of such steps was the establishment of a system system of information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Narar Carlos Carlos Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as well as the efforts of the international community to support the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States themselves themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacity-building in planning and disaster management, including transfer, control of military control, accountability for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA in 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, in New York, on 20 to 23 January.
It stressed that a total cost of the costs is a fundamental need for the framework of UNOPS activities.
They wished to have a lot.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and the conflict in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
The Committee urges them to continue to recruit children as well as, as well as, as well as the same of them in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of a international capacity-building capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the proposal of the Secretary-General to ensure that this pilot project is a integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide a free access to the information of free access to the electronic dissemination of the United Nations, which should be considered in the context of the draft budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on the Committee on its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Supp.
In the light of a broad note, it welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group, and stressed that it was necessary that it continues.
It was noted that there could be a number of existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the website of the Basel Convention.
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the basis of the agenda on the basis of the draft paragraph in the relevant meeting, as orally corrected.
(a) To monitor and monitor the activities of the draft project on priority areas, particularly production, movements and management of wastes, as well as the promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: South Africa, Germany, Germany, Argentina, Belgium, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, China, China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
The French version of the press is published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (A option of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the vital role of the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the attention of the expert has once again been drawn on the need to provide uniform information to police police and their training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical technology: database on production, consumption and trade of forest products: database on forest resources (1); based on the assistance of developing countries in the forestry sector (1); on the basis of the information on the assistance of the country in the areas of the areas of publications and information on the activities related to the activities related to remote sensing;
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, from other things of children, the Government of the Government, the police of the Government of the Government, the police of the Government of the Republic of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Office of Offenders, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For the meetings of the executive bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, except in any case, to be consistent with the pre-session documents in all languages of their desire, should be strictly consistent with the non-session documents in all languages of their desire, should be treated to the form of the pre-session documents or summary records in the relevant languages, in accordance with the deadlines frame;
Although the United Nations Development secretariat informed the Inspectors that it was not unable to adopt the expression “the official language”, [the “mal”” [the “Oal”” of the General Assembly, in its September September 2000, he recalled the decision taken by the Executive Board in 1979 to that “the Portuguese” in 1979 to that “the “speaking” is used as a language of work in Austria”.
Such a exercise could be carried out in the framework of a inventory of the language of staff, which should be fully fully provided to Member States on the composition of the Secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also understood that the translation of translation will be added to the time time to be implemented.
For example, the review of the review process of the United Nations Development Committee for Economic Cooperation in order to ensure that trade policies, policies of debt relief and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general reviews, including the rights of human rights and gender, and disseminating information on the Convention to amend attitudes of women and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education of children is a social responsibility, as well as the mothers of fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account the school and teenage pregnancies in national surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern at its consideration of its consideration of the third periodic report on the period on the period of 300 days on women's wife or divorced before it.
The Committee recommends that the State party take other measures to ensure that each can be able to improve family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote a equitable understanding of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including violence in the family.
According to the Act on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000,000, which is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a press communiqué on the exchange of correspondence to the field visits in Georgia in Georgia and the North Islands and the South Sandwich Sandwich Islands, in which they consider:
The facts and the history of contracts in relation to the project were exposed to paragraphs 34 to 312.
The amount of the amount of the project and other materials have been made on the basis of the project and materials that have been released on the basis of the project and (b) of USD 1, 4576 (d.
The evidence show that the work of the past of the past of 47 and 61) were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a summary of the departure of its employees in Iraq, because for the assets of projects were not restored.
No other than the invasion of Kuwait's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Federal Customs authorities have never removed the part of the amount of fines (I bis 348) that they had been transferred to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to identify these reports and recommendations, whenever this is possible, and to reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition to the follow-up to the joint conferences and meetings in the United Nations resolutions, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various objectives set out by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government are committed to all effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol in force and to begin to implement the reductions of greenhouse gas emissions,
This suggestion did not be accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a special review would not exceed the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Planning of the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands was agreed in the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There is no doubt that there is a need to be justified by such trafficking, which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of the Ocean and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the Millennium Summit to the Millennium Summit, it should be pointed out by the Secretary-General in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if the objectives could be achieved, by 2015, we will be able to be done by 2015, by 2015, we continue to be able to build the momentum of these three years.
In the Government of the democratically elected leadership of India, it cannot be able to be more important and noble than the eradication of poverty.
A death in hazardous conditions that have not been found in the detention camp, in which there are a result of land combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has begun in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, will be expected to be able to be able to assess the four divisions that are in the area and the list of 20,000 soldiers to participate in the operation, both again when in the pilot phase of Kzz and Kzz.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004, at the time of the summer of 2004 in the north of the country in the north of the country.
The activities for which basic resources should be made:
Action strategies
Consideration of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/11); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/11); Report of the Secretary-General on Women, peace and security (S/2002/11);
The Panel believes that imports of the mass weapons of mass weapons have significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, the United Nations agencies provides five regional offices in the area of the Nacaa, the Nara, Kadama (comara), vol. Karama (Netherlands) and Zwenn (comat of Grie), on which they provide humanitarian assistance in the country.
Charles Taylor was its control on all industries in the potential, or illegal or illicit Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
It was expected to improve the economic situation, the opportunities of the power, the opportunities of the power, the social resistance of the power and democracy, but also in the efforts of the State forces, and in the absence of the fact of the Council's forces, and even, as well as that he seemed to have lost the fact that they had been able to have been used by many young people.
It is now today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1191 Serbs in operation, including 840 were able to be completed and 105, in carrying out.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the United Nations Industrial Energy Committee at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme should ensure that the objectives set out and to meet the expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) States members will support the use of information and technology technologies; (b) States members will be able to implement the development and productivity of information and technology; (b) States members will work to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Viis (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance, the Sharia is fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was particularly entitled to establish a more effective use of cases, and a result of the use of the ground, because the case of the problem is high.
In collaboration with researchers of the Law Law, the European Code of the United States (United States) and the Institute of London of London, the Wall of a natural history has continued to assess the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the ground in the vicinity of the pre-conromation process in a case.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the maintenance of the time, in its system of attitudes and the orbit and its guidelines, navigation and control, and the necessary approach to the effective system of transboundary and unpredictable objects.
At least two of the “duri-Lk and the co-up of a series of a sample (a) has occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the movements of those were not registered, which means that their or other names were unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment taken by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement laws prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit trafficking in drug and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author at the meeting of UNCTAD in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not tolerated but rather and interrelated.
• Security security;
The minimum conditions applicable to the treatment of medical treatment
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports submitted by previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter, to circulate members of the working group.
With regard to the content of the content, it is based on the design of products and services in the languages, on information and information that provide dissemination and use of knowledge and users.
• In order to expand its work, the Regional Information centre will work closely with the offices of the resident coordinator in the country where there is no cooperation with institutions and national organizations, such as organizations for the United Nations.
This 2 has taken a end to 4 February 2002 with the entry of the new system, which are fully fully used to the ecosystem-based capacity of the Internet, in order to cover users among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right to the right and practice governing detention, the duration of the detention and access to a lawyer during the time.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Commission on Human Rights in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in resolution 488 of the United Nations General Assembly.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of such trafficking, as well as more detailed information on the number of victims and the number of children who have received protection measures, repatriation and reintegration measures should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements are fully fully consistent with the review of the questionnaire.
Ms. Shin said to congratulate Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified earlier, the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Gender equality and women is also important in economic and social development.
Thus, UNISPACE III had focused on:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the part of 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of LDCs in the United Republic of Tanzania for the implementation of the principles of good governance, which is noted in particular, in particular the financing of the United Nations Development Centre in Africa, as well as on the coordination of the United Nations Development Centre, the United Nations Development Committee, and the United Nations Development Forum, and the United Nations Development Forum, and the United Nations Development Forum, and the United Nations Development Forum, and the United Nations Development Forum, organized by Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, had announced a additional debt relief, and to the lack of reservations of the HIPC fund, some States had been able to increase its contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of the debt cancellation of African States and the establishment of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General of his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Secretary-General of his briefing.
Relations in Jakarta is a basis of the members of the militias in Timor-Leste seemed to appear in which we are very demobilized.
We appreciate continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as a result of the Secretary-General, the stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was prepared at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time of time.
The general debate will be distributed to the Web and television site for a basis to be based on the basis at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity that has been made by the representative of the Turkish representative, and I is pleased to see the principles of the European Code of Human Rights, which is the local, the local staff of Turkey, and none.
The European Co-European Association Network also organizes, in a year, in New York, in Italy, the World Trade Organization, a event for the world's world, a event for the cultural and sports-based and non-traditional company and the communities of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round discussion on “Towards the risks posed by biological weapons
Article 34
(b) In the other staff of the Secretariat, one of the members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the same majority may not benefit for children from the provisions under subparagraph (i) and (ii) (a) above, the other may be able to apply the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) (iii) of the paragraph;
The review of this question has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants will have further initiatives in this type, and encouraged the potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Questions relating to article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East by the Conference of the Parties to consider the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against the girl child and violations of their rights, all of their rights, which are often aware of the lack of access to education, adequate access to education and adolescents, as well as to the violence and practices, as well as, as well as violence and practices, as well as violence and practices, as well as sexual and economic treatment, as well as, as well as violence and practices, as well as, as well as, in particular, the family, the family and female selection,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should be the norm on the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which addresses children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant instruments relating to human rights,
Urges States that have not yet yet done to consider signing and ratify the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, prostitution of children and child pornography and to accede to the implementation of full implementation;
Convinced of collective action will make better results, it considers that all nations are able to be able to contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
The management of data and anti-action standards is the management of the data.
I have not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level working group on the reform of the United Nations but, in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine-action action is envisaged in the mandates of peacekeeping and, where appropriate, are included.
See, in general, B.g., Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Document Framework, El.g., Ennán.
Requests the Secretariat to provide to the States, at a further time, as possible as possible in the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Committee, contained in section III of the report of the session, section III, which are contained on the Committee's observations, and the draft articles adopted in first or second reading;
At the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories in their administration are a appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no delegation would wish to take a statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee will be held in 2003, in the limited resources available, at least one of 10 days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A outcome of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
A.g., resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which would like to establish a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the outcome of the commercial industries and industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, reconstruction, today — is a historic cause and the international community to promote reconstruction and with this moment.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, in view, that the fact that China had not yet signed, but it did not preclude their exchange and cooperation with the signatories.
Of the estimated000 people who have found the death in the circumstances of the war, since at least half of ex-combatants.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property in the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the case of a breach of the rights of women's rights, the person concerned the right to take the court in accordance with the Criminal Procedure Code.
In 1999, several non-governmental organizations that have taken to deal with family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been born in its work by a number of factors, including its limited extent, the availability of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of the various press bodies on the positions of a or the remaining camp and the nature of the public infrastructure of information outside the capital.
Despite that, the Assembly has still always been able to reverse the proceedings that it is not unable to fulfil the mandate of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging that the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the use of the weapons of the weapons of the Congo on 24 December 2002, as it is expected to note that the Plan of Action to carry out the use of weapons was adopted at the meeting of a meeting of 17 February.
The issue of progress in the peace process, in the context of the Peace Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions on the question, including the latest resolution resolution 571 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by a international organization, in the context of its expertise and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
However, this must be implemented by the United Nations Mission of the United Nations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the same time, we believe that we need to act.
I thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing for this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the best capacity of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, through troop-contributing and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will provide actions by the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the United Nations conferences and summits, including the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often seen that other cases of violence, particularly family and trafficking.
Division of Africa
Fourteen countries have benefited to provide equal and more than 4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola has taken to resolve some humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Ai (Papua New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, on the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville in the position of its technical expertise and other.
With the support of the former People's Army, the Albanian forces have taken the control of some parts of the President of Western Sahara and of the President of Europe, which would like to end those territories in a State, the “the Director of Lebanese Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is a important element of sustainable development in more than a problem.
This cooperation facilitates individuals and enterprises in developing countries and assistance to attract national and foreign investment for the promotion and modernization of production of production, which increase the direct power of the manufacturing industry in developing countries.
In our part, Jordan rejects all the wrongness of the fact and the ill-treatment campaigns aimed against the Arabs and Muslims in the light of them.
It is, however, the discussions before the war and to continue to cause controversy, there is a great sense of the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
Attacks on innocent civilians must take a end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is its right to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant to the civilian population.
Stresses the need for a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As a result of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future operations would also be commended.
The review process is not not a decision of the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators relating to general policy, which is at the national level or at the international level, was more difficult to define that indicators relating to concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
In the context of the establishment of new mechanisms, the question of the stability of flows should be given adequate attention.
The result of this type mentioned in the report, which could seem to appear to be seen as a serious and fundamental reality where it had been taken in a political context.
It was obliged to draw the representative of the Committee that there was a view to the fact that there were a view to the past of the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which there was a need to be given with the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been abandoned, with the political differences between Israelis and Palestinians.
C. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 8
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with regard to 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in the context of their multilateral trade negotiations on the services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area has been recognized as a historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit herewith the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolution 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of the General Assembly, on 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, the members of the diplomatic bodies accredited to the United Nations and representatives of industrial associations as a whole and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out or by the natural or legal persons in countries that are not cooperate with the International Financial Action Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations, the Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and, at the national level, the national political, social and economic policies of the environment, policies of gender equality and a environment conducive to investment is the basic basis of sustainable development and is essential to the provision of adequate housing, as a component of the right to a adequate standard of adequate life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the gradual reduction of the civilian police of the civilian police, which will be reduced from 325 men in July 2004 to 2 June 2005.
The report of the report concludes that the combination of the evaluation of the assessment of a multi-sectoral approach and a multisectoral approach is being fruitful.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions and future future should be dealt with in the same manner, without discrimination, in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
Members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, was Ms. F. Al-Shazazi (Oman), President, and Mr. V. Mr. Mvvv (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-Rapporteur.
Legislative proceedings
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic Assembly in the peace process.
Model provision 51 was approved and to the drafting group.
Follow-up to the deliberations held during the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budgetary Questions had recently been held, the Director-General appointed the Director of the Division for the Development of Programme and Technical Cooperation for a further improvement of the evaluation and implementation of the performance indicators.
Before possible, in other programmes and to adopt this approach, such as a methodology of UNIDO, the framework of programme is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The claim's claim to six contracts with ININEC for the sale of articles for the sale of the articles to be used in Iraq.
Although the basis of these data is not a ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements that UNIDO has a disproportionate burden of the fact that UNIDO has a disproportionate role of the United Nations system, which is sufficiently enough.
NEPAD promotes the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The impact of reservations of reservations are clearly clear to the formulation of a reservation and is why the restrictions imposed in the last case (e.g. 2.3.1.1 to 2.3.3 and to be used in the case of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the practice, including the practice, including the practice, including the practice of the scope of reservations.
The draft guideline 2.6 proposes a definition of objections to take into account the conceptual considerations and study of practice.
When air sites are properly filled, the risk of oil-owned waters in the disease is not.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or administrative and administrative measures that provide effect to the ban on travel.
The procedures of import and export of weapons are the subject of the replies to issues on 22 and 23 and any other other activities, such as those of these procedures are considered as a offence in the law applicable to the law in this case.
E. Space-related space
Table 1 contains a list of space-related space systems.
Mr. Zhang Yanan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly adopted each year of resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, which affect the legitimate interests of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction as well as to freedom of trade and navigation.
Hamas continues to be repeated by a political process and continues to deny the people of the people of the human rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Secretary-General of the Mission would be drawn to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again in destination, at 910, the Inspectors met with the Director of the interpreters who have raised questions relating to the activities of those sites, the type of drugs and the equipment of the main responsibility, and requests that their wealth had been imported and distributed as a result of the fact to be developed and distributed as a result of the changes in the four years.
A average rate of 24 per cent and one per cent of 0. per cent will be used for the establishment of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget budget (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue its current practice in this regard to the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a draft decision on the basis of a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate basis for the persons who take a stay or are involved, where the movement is organized in respect of legality.
Equal access to higher public education provides to provide the secondary school to continue their studies in order to obtain good results in the secondary level.
Outcome, such as land degradation and the removal of species and species in some sectors (for forests, and lakes) could undermine the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, through the current level of poverty risk.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (the minimum minimum), which provided a number of age to the age of the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years.
See paragraph 18 of annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of a rapid deployment of the force force of the international force of stabilization.
Do you met with the problems related to the submission of names and information in the list of the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation of Acts of war and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1973 must be allowed in this case, to apply any reservation to the same same, when the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide for 9 December 1948.
We have been defined in the international level for protection of children, but they are still satisfactory.
This approach should be re-up by the Security Council, since it is not a day, a year, is a result of a violation of the ceasefire and the agreement.
Concerned about the plight of the number of Kuwaiti and nationals of States from States from 2 August 1990.
(iv) hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, General Assembly
The discussion of this theme today is therefore a absolute necessity and has been made in that regard.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement on his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear no objection, I shall now put the draft resolution to the vote.
Under item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered a number of claims for commercial or commercial losses that the claimants would claim from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) The amount of the amount of USD 2,549,99 of the losses of commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, whose review will be given to the committees “E4” claims in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need for the need to establish a more broad acceptance for the operation and implementation of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary measures and to ensure the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the situation of human rights since signing of peace agreements
It is why the Government is urgent to the success of the police personnel, judges, prosecutors and civil rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation for reform.
There are no comprehensive definition of universal obligations on human rights that reflect the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
This reference to international organizations have been considering the inclusion, in subparagraph (i) of article 2, paragraph 1 of the definition of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered its sixty-up and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider the new priorities, it was necessary to identify the activities that were achieved.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that has established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of Tajikistan which regulates the social life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the budget budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving the United Nations Office at Nairobi, as well as to enable the United Nations Office at Nairobi, as well as to enable it to be able to play in good conditions of meetings and conferences,
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring and respect for human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination by the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in resolution 1514 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note of the Secretariat entitled “Caseing national space debris on Space debris, the safety of space objects in outer space” (A/AC.105//789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation (A/AC.105/L.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
The object of space is used for commercial exchange of trade and defence.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet yet done to impose the financial institutions to implement them, as well as comprehensive programmes to be appropriate and vigilant to ensure transparency and prevent the activities of the potential;
We strongly appreciate the initiative of the country concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global environmental assessment mechanism, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of this year of the Secretary-General and is now resumed in the draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment of the General Assembly of a mechanism of cooperation and inter-agency coordination in the United Nations system to fill the balance of the Sub-Commission of the oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law to the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the risk of the risk of biodiversity in the oceans of the oceans, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the planning of the scale of the minimum salary scale, the Commission noted that the question of possible amendments to the contribution of staff to address imbalances at the level of the domestic Equalization Fund was discussed with the Secretariat of the United Nations, which had indicated that no change was not made in the immediate time.
On 20 September, he had been taken a arbitrary arrest of members of a civil commission composed of NGOs, central workers and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of the Roma delaa, who had been held to support the revitalization of the LTTE's farmers.
In addition, the adoption of law No. 747 of 2002, including the trafficking of persons in criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Agenda item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term reduction of poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations has shown that in most cases, the role of the Organization in situations of conflict is characterized and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict.
In addition, we need to implement disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes, to combat arms trafficking, in particular small arms and light weapons and displaced persons in their countries and promote human rights.
I would like, however,, in this stage of our debate, a few comments, and first on developments in the time of our work.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably in a situation of conflict.
Before the role of the United Nations to address these conflicts, I would like to take a note on those conflicts themselves.
We strongly believe that it is credible and effective, the Council must benefit the full confidence and full support of the international community.
It also stressed that the Charter should be the foundation of the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network showed how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the Country Country Network of Youth Network
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will indicate, in relation to subparagraph (a) (a) of paragraph 2 (a) of the State Party may choose to establish procedures to be recognized and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or arrest, or to be based on a decision to seek its own authorities to be enforced or arrest.
Governments have sought legislation on security to justify of some information concerning human rights and to exercise retaliation against defenders.
A number of effects: Several Parties provided a estimate of the impact of different policies relating to transport sector, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Spain, France, France, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures for the broader impact of climate change: political policies were reported in the agriculture sector.
The policies and measures to combat the emissions of S24 per cent of the use of animal-based products are focused on the decline of the number of livestock in the country, and the increase of their research and research programmes to address the ways of reducing the emissions of S44 (e. N. N.B. (a) and research programmes aimed on the means of reducing the emissions of S44 (and N-BO) from the cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The special session of 2003 on the budget budget will be held from 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The second network, which covers renewable energy sources should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In the light of a variety of information, such as a real measure or “or” of the Internet”, such as a result of transmission and treatment of information reported in the case, or in any case of the removal of a negative impact.
All of the countries that some of its economic functions have a need to focus on the fact that the evaluation of the work is being carried out within the company or is between several companies.
Many measures that have been carried out in recent years have been impossible without progress in the concepts of concepts and definitions through practitioners of the Working Group on the indicators of the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources for each of the chapters considered during the four bienniums.
Replace paragraph 1 (vi)
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS in the past two years has not decreased in the past two years, although there is less than other countries of the region of West Africa where the rate of 5 per cent of 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the implementation of the commitments and expenditures.
In this context, we would like to recall the guidance that we are made to establish Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that they have, among the priorities, the existence of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design, which includes combating illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The link to the most small countries of the region of the region is limited to the military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis have come to close with their allies and friends, and we look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table is not sufficient to be used as a source of sources, such as a source of sources, should be used to be used in a category of different characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it is in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Klein for the functions of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the development of economic and social development, but it would like to consider the problem of the final status in a immediate solution.
In particular, it should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo.
Such transfer is important.
In Kosovo, it remains still high to work.
The Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposal proposed by the Secretary-General that the new deployment of the United Nations would be carried out by the General Assembly under a contract of the lease, which would serve as the construction of the construction and ground on which it would be strengthened;
Decides to consider more consideration of the conference services and support services to provide the Committee against terrorism in 2003 in the light of the review of the mandate of the Security Council;
A/57/7/Add.10.
There are also a more stronger effort to submit reports on the effects of the effects they may have access to society and that they can manage them.
The text of its statement on the five outstanding reports, which covers the entire system, will be sent to delegations in a timely manner.
A number of activities that have significantly evolved in the past few years is the establishment of the documents to the ship.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against personal freedom”, in accordance with article 151, that any person of the person of the person, which is a circumstance of a serious circumstance in the health or property of the victim, such as a aggravating circumstance of offences for the health or property of the victim, such as a aggravating circumstance of offences for the health or property of the victim, such as a aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the death penalty is in the case of two six years of prison.
Various laws and laws apply to each components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not subject to the list, unless the disclosure of such information is not compromised or measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the conflict of the Middle East, as reflected by the European Fono for the peace of the Organization, on the strengthening of the camps of peace in Israel and Palestine; the contribution of South Africa with a broad range of civil society and the Government of Israel, and the contribution to the process of peace in Palestine and the support of international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the United Nations military component was completed by 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had been paid to leave the area of the Mission in accordance with the wish expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources, approximately 60 per cent of the territory of Liberia under the rebel control;
No. 1039
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to share the responsibility to reduce social and environmental vulnerability in the region (bbs) to rebuild and transform the United States in the context of ensuring respect to the promotion of human rights, with the active participation of civil society, in order to promote the promotion of human rights, to promote gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the period under review, the Council has considered many important issues for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, in Africa, in the Middle East, in Oceania, and in particular in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that fighting in the north, in the south-east and a lesser extent in the western countries of the country.
They requested the expansion of the Security Council to ensure that its legitimacy should be more representative of the rule of the global history and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you have addressed the President of 30 April 2003 on the request submitted by the Court's submission of his mandate to the Tribunal until it has been carried out to a extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until it had been carried out in the end of the media, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and meetings in the summit, as well as in subsequent action, and reaffirming its commitment to the progress made in progress,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session would be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall decide on the reasons contained in the general report.
Ms. Nar said that the concern of the Committee on the sea of marriage of marriage for the reunification of families is a urgent measure for its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether there was special measures, such as the provisions relating to the detention of children and pre-school classes, to encourage women to monitor the studies of the Danish.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for the developed countries as well as in the development of development, especially to all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, particularly the constitutional, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, economic and crime levels.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the establishment of programmes designed to promote the development of economic activities and sustainable enterprises, noting the Special Rapporteur's role in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
Inter-Commission of the United Nations Environment-General on the United Nations Environment-General on the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the Secretary-General of the United Nations Environment-General on the United Nations Environment-General on the United Nations Environment-General
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, methodologies, simplified methodologies and the relevant bodies of the United Nations system, as appropriate, and to assist countries in developing countries, to develop reports on data and national statistical data;
“The Government of India had previously reported to the State State's claim to leave the country to leave the country on the father.
The technology has a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the form of geographic information systems, in the form of databases and tools, could improve access to the planning, logistics, logistics and other technologies, could improve access to the planning, logistics, logistics and other technologies, as well as the participation of the public in geographical space and to facilitate the participation of public and disaster efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure of the words that I, I am convinced, we are convinced that we have now reached our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since since December, a number of bilateral consultations, in particular or open-ended consultations, in Geneva and New York.
According to a opinion, political policies faced by cannabis was not only a threat to public health but also also against the action undertaken by developing countries, with efforts and resources to reduce the culture of cannabis in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated several discussions and intergovernmental consultations on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from funds.
The first promotion of young students are expected to provide the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector is the increase of life expectancy of all church, the reduction of gender-related groups, improving access to health and quality care, and ensure that health services are provided to affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations relating to justice, including a draft law that allows the lawyers for their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, acting in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to improve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their findings, the participants emphasized the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The programme of education and education is also a useful initiative.
Delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and departments concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned at the country.
Mr. Elj (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it was associates with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department provides that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57 April 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
C. The assets of encumbered assets in the estate of insolvency
(a) Information of information between bodies to respect the laws in areas of areas and border areas; activities of border control and customs control;
This form of integration was emphasized in the Millennium Summit in Copenhagen and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Governing Council of the State authority responsible the economic status of the State institutions, the use and preservation of the United States system by the central government bodies and the local economic activities and the economic activities of the State of the Government of the Government of the State, as well as the activities of the State's economic activities, as well as activities (art.
Having considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 to the President of the Security Council addressed by the Chairman of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia,
If necessary, it would also provide the follow-up to operational issues, financial and staff services.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “E”.
Those who have been arrested and committed those crimes must be prosecuted and prosecuted under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade of small arms in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanri Duarte Fosos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that there had been a number of bilateral extradition treaties, which included the acts of terrorist acts such as criminal acts, and reported that more than other suspects have been filed under these treaties.
Such activities are currently carried out with the Secretariat of the Commonwealth Agreement on drafting guidelines, with the United States of American States to support the activities of the Agency to Haiti, and with OSCE.
Introduction of technical communications
A Deputy Office of the Department of Foreign Affairs is visited in Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed proposal for the site.
This meeting has offered a useful opportunity to exchange views between the Department of Public Information in Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as several meetings of outside outside the field of the concept of the process of the process of the process of the process.
The official position of the Organization on matters of the United Nations are provided by the Office of the High Commissioner for the basis of press sites, statements, official statements and briefings.
A person who are forced or other who are charged to livestock, without authorization of their owners, or in the vicinity of their owners, who are in the area of indigenous communities, even belonging to persons, are punishable by a penalty of 6 to 18 months.
The vacancy rate of posts for the Professional Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (Article 168), 19 and 25) were higher than the rate of recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, rehabilitation of service and temporary appointments for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
In the light of the Penal Code, it is intended to request a third of a third party to take an act, which is not committed by law.
It is, in the Swiss law, many criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (in annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences.
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence and sexual abuse, as well as to facilitate the provision of housing, and the prohibitions to contact, harassment and use of housing, including a general right to grant housing and the prohibitions to contact, including a general right to the housing of housing and the prohibitions to contact, and also a general right to grant housing, whether violent acts were committed.
This is not applicable if the person was provided by the National Service of the Employment Service before the maternity allowance or prior to the time to start children, or in cases where unemployment and unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political process has not been compromised.
• In addition, in the increasing number of divorce, women may be more than the retirement pension;
Part II contains a briefing of action adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Government's action plan provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the police in the police, and in order to carry out a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the second World Congress on Sexual Exploitation of Children for Trade, held in December 2001 in Dakar, was clearly clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of children and that many measures were taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of children involving children on the Internet.
- Criminal offenders are to be used;
• Judicial procedures in the Al-Government who committed sexual violence in abroad
The regulations prior to the right of detention and the right to visit to the right of the parents are not entitled to the right of parents.
• The Office of the Ministry of Justice for Women and Men (S);
- For all of the law of land and local authorities, as well as all other legal persons submitted to the supervision of the State's right to the Ministry of Women, to promote the equal participation of women and men (decision 15 of the Law Act) on 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Ministry of Macedonia (S.g.GGG), p.
Social assistance, independent engagement
Mr. Gapchbe, Aungusususus Vusususus de Förhungungungung, Luschus, Wususuuuuullllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly more serious, in the past time, is the implementation of the road map prepared by the Quartet, as it was said, in the Declaration made by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The issue of the situation and the importance of a comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the two years, the debate, at the first two years, the debate will focus on the annual statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should be able to identify and monitor the use of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibrahimaz Chas
In addition, the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel of the scope of the study, the logic would be found that the staff of international organizations are not excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 50
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not be overcome and we will have the political will to continue to be done, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution General Assembly entitled “Measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join the previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General of his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields and related areas (A/58/359).
The political plan and national strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to associate local governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road security policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the Assembly of the United Nations (A/54/540) and to establish a informal working group to discuss the settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council and that will be short shortly.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to a end to war and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of peace and regional security, the international community may not be instrumental in the most important way to the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance is needed to be the primary responsibility for the parties themselves, even if they can have a external intervention to help to address their disputes.
We must, in force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore in the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of judicial remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect women against violence, damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, in order to establish complaints of complaints to children, and to investigate investigations in all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is currently considering the system of the responsibilities of the responsibilities of the United Nations system on the Environment and Development Conference.
Ms. Zubčč (Croatia), Vice-President, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.5 on the basis of informal consultations held on the draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission.
After the cessation of hostilities and, as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, the same part of a armed conflict, is, as well as, as well as destroyed, or destroyed the explosive remnants of war in the Territories affected.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization of Cooperation and Economic Cooperation in the field of law and the policy of competition, and in particular the commitment of the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Z. Zakjan Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed
The deployment of UNOCI is taking place, a first group of 26 officers in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new strategy of communication is in the preparation of the World Summit on Information Society in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The United Nations system of the United Nations system in East Timor was a very sensitive and rich experience of lessons to be made to confirm the positive results and avoiding that there is no delay in the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated to the month of November and the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Slovakia, Chile, Germany, Iceland, Iceland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Finland, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Peru, Malta, Malta, Malta, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties that have been able to stop the suffering and loss of human lives caused by anti-personnel mines who kill or maimed hundreds of people who are in a week, in most of the innocent civilians, and to the Palestinian people, in particular children, to prevent refugees and internally displaced persons in the Territory, and other serious consequences for years after their implementation”.
I would like to thank all delegations to have encouraged in my efforts and my consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Luiszzidzeidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Romzidzeidze, and the whole of the secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It is in this context that the close links between the air defence systems and small arms systems was discussed.
We call upon the forces of the coalition coalition to achieve this goal and to intensify coordination with organs and international institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of a international fund for the primary education of Iraq in the aim of providing assistance, immediate and long-term recovery, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We took note of the appeal made by the Secretary-General for a position of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will be based on the extent of objectivity of our approach and the risk of proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries had not been reduced in a reality.
I strongly believe that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the opinion that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is not the interest of any country of the East Asia.
Mr. PEEZZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the Working Group has a opportunity for this idea.
First, the Committee's analysis of the Security Council's resolutions, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally linked to reservations from non-nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. S&D (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already last than you, I believe that you is the first time that I wish to speak on your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, on the basis of human resources and institutions, in order to find themselves themselves with solutions to their problems;
It is considering and endorses the financial statements and reports of the reports of those statements to the Committee on the budget and Finance Committee, including comments of the Committee.
Members of the Council also have before it document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the prior consultations of the Council.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that the national strategies of mine-action strategies have been established in order to ensure an effective process of decisions on the priorities of the short-term priorities, and long.
Thirdly, Lebanon was based on the Transitional National Office of mine clearance, and established with the United Arab Emirates and the United Arab Emirates, the Centre for the Coordination of Action of the Sudan.
We can be achieved by a protocol that would be provided in annex to the Convention and will take into account the security interests of the country, which would help to eliminate landmines, which, as new, destroy lives and property to end desertification, and to strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
During the month of June 2003, the contributions to the Fund amounted to 4,7 billion, while the amount of the overall expenditure is approximately $10.5 billion per annum for the effective implementation of prevention programmes, treatment, care and support.
Field offices
A similar description in the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
In order to address items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child, 115 (E) of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Question of the peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Question of the rights of human rights), the Commission will take a dialogue between its members and rapporteurs and representatives to make their activities.
The world today today is almost 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions that the need for the rights of human rights were important, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee endorses this decision and shall be provided at 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the claims of the term “C”.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women is taking into the rights of the person,
Due to their legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely and the disease of details.
Why are not engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender equality issues.
(b) Resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “Question for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, in its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1997 entitled “The agenda for Peace”, in particular the annex II, entitled “The Security Council for Peace”, in particular the annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations:
The development and development of democracy and the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue should take into account the fact that there is no place, in reality, a single option for democracy.
In this statement, the Secretary-General stated the important importance of the strong importance of peace, and the attention that it should be given to the universal goal of the universal institution and not only one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World Bank, Japan is becoming more than a culture of the nation of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Summit on Food, as well as in the final document of the World Summit on Food, five years after the commitment of the commitment to eradicate hunger,
Stressing the need to be established for the industrial transformation of the production of commodities in developing countries, especially African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export revenues, including economic growth and integration in the global economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in the Former Yugoslavia to be held on 4 December 2003, for the duration of the term of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, to date until 16 November 2005.
The work of action remains a year on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider a part of the principles that could be used in the regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break the impasse in which it is held since three years.
American United Nations Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Criminal Affairs of the Organization of American States, United Nations Convention on Diplomatic Affairs, United Nations Declaration.
Its impact will be achieved beyond borders and is why international cooperation is indispensable.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well as and translated into account.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period of 1 July to 31 October 2003, the costs of a amount of $1 million dollars will be funded by the unencumbered balance of the proposed amount of the following-purpose period for the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report that would consider the two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established in order to establish cooperation with the private sector in all matters relating to employment.
The use of these findings would be flexible, optional or based on data data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note of the secretariat on the exchange of information: a platform of electronic exchange (UNEP/FAO/PIC/WP.10/22).
In this context, workshops could also consider a exchange between the groups of the various industrialized countries, developing countries and countries in transition.
It also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission has cooperated, inter alia, the RAPAP, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that this Party shall be appropriate in this case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims
Norway calls upon all countries to agree with a methodology that would help to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen the efforts of the national plan in line with the implementation of the international level.
Ms. Molaraz (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, in practice, the Internet is a unique tool to promote human rights, has been recognized that, in practice, the Internet did not only affect the human rights of human rights, which explains the current debate on the rules of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on the principles of guiding principles, it is to take consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Kiegman, Ministry of Public and International Affairs (University of the University), Mr. Jagdh, Professor of the Central Bank for the Inter-American Dialogue, and Mr. Jaghhje, Professor of the Central American Commission for the Inter-American Dialogue, and Mr. Jean Pierre Oueogo, League of Korea of Burkina Faso, will be brief.
Information on workshops and training in the fight against crime prevention
In addition, there is no clear understanding of macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
It is why it continues to consider new solutions to increase the financial transaction when it is necessary, by various means, including the temporary assistance of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty would be held on the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, which will be elected annually, is now the Chief of the Government and in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women are a important part of the population that they are working and should therefore develop and continue to monitor services to the specific needs of women and those men.
This is attributable mainly to the development of primary education and the fact that schools will better improve their students.
Inter-agency political missions have been responsible to address the threat of more serious concern on HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another study on the participation of women in the financial decisions, 27 per cent of women had stated that they were not involved in the decisions relating to financial loans, while 14 per cent had taken decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations addressed initiatives to improve the capacity of the public sector in a number of countries, including advice, for the request of public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for the losses of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait,
The Committee finds that it is also applicable to claims for claims for the loss of funds.
See also decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General, in paragraph 71 of the report of the Secretary2(1 and in paragraph 89 of the report of the report.
Report report, paragraph 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom concerning the achievement and objectives of the resolution 1995 on the Middle East
In accordance with paragraph 1 of article 8 of the Act on Extradition, persons who commit terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be prohibited.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General, we recall that the situation in Iraq is a result of the challenges that we are still critical and that we urge all, to speak here and now the international community, to urge the coalition.
The establishment of a strong civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to express his appreciation to my Government, renew its thanks to the mission of the Council and the Council in its entirety to be able to find responses to complex issues facing our region.
It is also concerned in the High-level Committee on Programme and other mechanisms for the United Nations system.
• Supporting associations and organizations that are working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme of 10 months, including 5 per cent of studies in Madrid and 4 months and a number of practice in the organizations of developing countries, a evaluation phase was also provided.
These groups are the young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in male-dominated occupations, the most than 45 years, the age of the unemployment, who were in the same part of the completion of the new contract, were employed in the same way under a contract or determined prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the average consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement of the situation, however, less than women (35 per cent of the unemployed unemployed of the long-term unemployed age, among men (55 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
In spite of the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and in the light of the most well-being and more than more than the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full number of challenges I am convinced of the Council.
We will engage in all initiatives to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often linked to non-discrimination.
Activities for the request
- More than 150,000 houses or homes (at a total of 23550,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Up to 31 December 2001, the United States accounts had been made in United States dollars.
(ii) The analysis of the analysis and evaluation of the feasibility and evaluation of feasibility studies (FAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term framework and strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as the thematic initiatives that would be taken into particular, inter alia, trade facilitation, sustainable development and reconstruction and the reconstruction of industry in crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, including cultural and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs has aggravated the problem of the use of biological substances in the global level,
In the light of the case of the item, the Commission decided to continue to take a clear basis of the work that the topic dealt with “E”” and to return to any formal changes of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
(b) The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the necessary requirements (before recosting): $3,500 dollars) (before recosting): 3640,200)
The Commission requested the Government to report that the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws, in order to include the principle in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the meetings of the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior government officials, and the proposed budget budget proposals were established by Iraqi personnel.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of the potential benefits to the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has increased almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working.
The appointment of President Gbagbo of the Minister of Defence and Security Affairs in September should finalize the establishment of the Government of National Reconciliation and to eradicate a significant obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution states that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to members of the Government.
Beyond that we are divided, we have faced those threats, a collective responsibility, to return the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the “S-food programme” that it would provide the continuation of humanitarian supplies, including food and drugs in Iraq.
The work of the work continues to be considered by my authorities, we support the right to express our views on the programme as a result of this stage.
If a Party considered that it should require assistance for the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the items, it could be noted in the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it is organized by consensus,
(i) 83 metric ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All peacekeeping operations should be held on the basis of which it is only exclusively to staff staff.
The funding mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide Parties in paragraph 1 of Article 5 of financial and technical cooperation, in order to ensure that the measures set forth in articles 2 to 2 to 2 and article 2 and other of the provisions set forth in articles 2 of 2 to 2 above in accordance with article 5 bis of the Protocol.
National services of law have also participated in training training programmes.
Some States said also to be found by the telephone, e-mail and services.
(3) The State party seeks to carry out a interim measure and protection to verify the jurisdiction of the State State of any cessation or modification of this measure.
Further suggestions to improve the text of the text in square brackets were made, including the court court may suspend the proceedings to date until the parties of the parties, or even until all parties have been duly investigated.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should include a more visible role in the support of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of technologies for information, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen capacity-building of local services, or to create such capacities — could require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar description is to be provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is based to cancel the contract, unless a competent court to conduct disputes on the contract under the contract may not apply to the request of the services.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Proceedings
It is clear that the data was made on the basis of a exchange rate between 999 to 1 United States dollars.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and seventeenth sessions and, if necessary, in future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward briefed the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
The Ministry of Public Law in the United Nations and civil Law, and the various national and international approaches to the various national and international groups, and considering the various national and international approaches used for the various national and international categories used in the case of the law, also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members of Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8 November 2002
8 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as a entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its own “use change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework of the implementation of a effective and effective manner to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to the Committee,
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective measures to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It was also noted with appreciation the financial assistance and other than the programme of the Government of Austria, the Immigration and the city of Grazz (Austria), the Department of Geology of the University of the Stockholm University of Stockholm, e.g.,, the National Institute of Public Studies and the Agency of International Cooperation for Development.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, there is a number of people infected with the disease.
This project has focused on the Director-General's Steering Committee, and the secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends to consider the holding of a informal informal debate that could lead to the work of each Committee, a better means of the debate of the General Assembly in the plenary meeting on issues considered by the two commissions;
This important task has been possible by other things, with other things, and the independence of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the case of marriage, the woman has, however, has a right for the time for the period of the period, the woman has, also, on the basis of the time of the period, a amount for the amount of the post's period, which is to be paid to the end of the period, except otherwise agreed between the two parties concerning the amount and modalities of compensation.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget during the school in the 1990s of 1997 to 1997 to 1997:
Children are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Employment, which has regularly conducted inspections to verify that these institutions comply with regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to remind that its constitution, in many its provisions, the equality of the Greek society, first in the preamble, and in article 29, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of principle in principle of the dignity of human rights, rights and duties.
Effective efficiency will also enhance recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
Special Coordinator on the work of children, 1998
Adviser on the development of a programme programme on social justice, Department of Demographic, University of Women, University of Women
Each State Party shall submit to the Conference of States Parties, as it should require information on its programmes, and practices, and its legislative and administrative measures to implement the Convention.
If the quo's status shall not take a unique basis, and the development of those who have hunger and living in despair, the temptation of aarchy and extremism, as well as a means to achieve climate change, become more powerful.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Bulgaria, Mr. Tzzv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties to be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Mr. Wangaqq H. Andzi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play a important role in promoting the promotion and protection of human rights and to strengthen universal norms in the context of the international instruments of human rights, and to contribute to their protection,
(c) In case where a special debate would be in account with the rights of human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This is not to be translated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and timely compilation of recommendations on the years by different mechanisms on thematic issues.
The report submitted to the date of resolution 2002 (2002) and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i), (ii), (ii), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, on the development of a short-term basis and to promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights from African descent.
For the centre of the East Timor in Iran, it was a centre of technology for the value of human resources for the purposes of the land and development of the land of rice.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked for the State party to conduct a national investigation on health and to consider the findings in the final report.
Accordingly, the duty of the right to protect the world is also the world.
- For the use of the two sites of means of means of means of means of means of means;
Some observers have been able to increase the extent for the request of the United States that the United States is now the oil of Iraq.
It is essential to provide new guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries in which the private sector is a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to receive approximately 3.5 million euros who have allowed the work on the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are members of UNICEF's staff (at half of women), which has a woman for a company.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives of the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of a additional office in Brussels has not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has been able to carry out the objectives set out by the Organization in 1990 on gender equality.
(a) The nine regional offices should be strengthened through the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, States members of the Commission will continue to continue and take the principle of the principle that countering terrorism should be based on standards and principles of international law and cannot be treated to a fight against any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demal status of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note of the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the debate on coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan has made the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these items reflect the determination and Thailand is proud of a sponsor.
(g) To provide, in accordance with the procedures that will be established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990) before the expiration of the period under paragraph 10 (a) and in the light of the recommendations made by the Office of the Programme of Iraq, in accordance with the provisions of the General Committee, in accordance with the provisions of the General Committee, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 10 (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of the present paragraph, in order to fulfil the tasks entrusted to subparagraph (d);
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The work of the work of the Working Group on the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 was not made on the basis of the draft resolution.
Subprogramme 6 Promotion of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided to include the recommendation of the Office, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international organizations associated with the United Nations and to allocate the Commission on Political and Decolonization Questions (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are the small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussion at the session of the Commission, the secretariat established a thematic note entitled “Pocation of action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the Commissions, subcommittees and working groups may be entitled to the right of vote to be taken by States States;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees and working groups are private.
The Council took its concern about the continuing of regional and cross-border issues and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, the recommendations on ways to combat these problems in subregional and cross-border zones, focusing on better coordination of the United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of intergovernmental contacts between the parties and their request to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government shall submit for all draft legislation.
It will be hoped that it would be a report to the Commission at its future session, in particular that the document contained in 1991 to the World Summit on Children and the Final Document of the special session of the General Assembly devoted to children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second goal of the Millennium Development Goals, the Government, in 1996, established a free basis for free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the rate of school attendance.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for the States parties to present to the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it was requested, and to provide support for the humanitarian challenges and development of the border.
It may acquire or acquire property of real property or in accordance with regulations and Rules.
The Meeting held three days, on 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the Kodori was still calm, without serious violation of the reporting period.
Observations
Reports of the Secretary-General in accordance with General and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council
States may know that the indicators of the right to health, which will require different aspects of the right to health, as well as in the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that the pre-trial detention of a person detained or detained may be treated to acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of its liberty under laws and authority of State and that is detained in prison, a hospital is a hospital in particular, in particular, a hospital of detention, a centre of detention or another other.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its impact.
Thirty-eighth session*
(d) To continue its cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising awareness of the public community's awareness programmes on the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some traditional and cultural practices that affect women's health and children.
States parties should also report the measures taken to ensure adequate access to family planning services in particular, and the sexual health and health care.
For example, article Bill stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in general, moral, spiritual, cultural, cultural and social rights and the fact that most of the rights of children, far not be imposed from outside outside outside the local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, including the meeting of meetings and recent developments.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by the heads of State and Government in the Summit of the Millennium Summit, which are committed to the eradication of poverty and in particular to reduce half, by 2015, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one year and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government has limited to six years the duration of the work for foreign workers, to ensure that more than more than 500 women were recruited and trained for their jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt international human rights standards, particularly in respect of sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on the subject to all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Trade Organization and its subsidiary bodies and to participate, without a vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “in and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures against crime prevention;
Recalling further, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, invited Governments of Latin American countries and the Caribbean and other Governments concerned to participate in the regional meeting of the fight against Illicit Traffic in Drug Traffic, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources for the meeting of the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49 July 2003
Other matters.
In this connection, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation contained in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee might take the matter.
Decides to submit this report to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and will be possible at its first meeting:
A alternate or a adviser may be able to serve as representative of the Delegation of the delegation.
Subject to provisions of articles 28 to 32 and the amendments adopted by the Conference of the Parties, the present resolution shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or the Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit a priority of priority to explain the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
It stated that its organization supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities in the field of organic pollutants, including the introduction of identification and identification of the use of the industry, which had created a exchange of best practices on the management of the organic pollutants of organic pollutants and that it had been held in Brazil, China and India, in Brazil, China and India, other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To this end, the Monterrey Consensus reiterates dozens of dozens of the principle of cooperation.
A few countries that would be carried out the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective controls in border control, as well as the methods of reliable data.
The report noted that the comparative studies of the problem was more complex.
Material to be inserted in the Journal in room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org.
A preparatory mission composed of the IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Director of the Commission, visited the President of the Secretary-General and the Executive Director of the Commission, in order to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. H. H. Al-S-Sadi, adviser of the Chairman, to discuss the logistical arrangements and to extend the office of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The Agenda of Agenda and the Environment is www.unep.unep/org/cc/c____d.htm on all types of sports activities.
The main experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent recent Group of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group in Burundi show that there are opportunities for strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, reconstruction and development.
The failure of the explosion is a result of the Doha in Doha where the major countries of trade among trade was refused to provide concessions in the issues relating to development issues.
Switzerland has a priority priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances without prejudice.
“The internal and external closures, the increase of curfews, incursions and other measures taken by Israeli military forces have resulted in a new deterioration of economic and economic indicators and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be necessary to cover the payment of compensation for the amount of compensation for the period under the biennium during the biennium during which the amount of the Secretary-General will be made by the Secretary-General's proposed budget for the biennium under the period of the period, in order to cover the requirements incurred under the biennium;
The various international instruments relating to human rights are not sufficient to prevent violations, need to take effective measures to address the problems of social and human rights, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice and social inequalities among peoples of developing countries and the country countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Security Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the Transitional Authority of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
There is a need that all of us continues to continue its participation in the coming years.
Mr. Shaboma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The question of control is increasingly more important at the regional level and the international level, and a effective verification of effective security and stability needed to ensure security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratification of the Treaty, have already been concerned, and in addition to a occasion — both to the nuclear weapons that they do.
In its conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Standing Committee on these principles.
On the amount of $30,000, approximately $30,000 are planned for the source of the supply of ICAO.
Modalities for reimbursement reimbursement
Head of liaison and the communication of liaison and liaison liaison
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial review of operational activities of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is not important that the use of funds is illegal or illegal, only in the form of data and purpose.
The report of Wengley reported that all resolution adopted to meet the needs of all options will be held at least one year.
and ESPNNN
“International terrorism — on a violent attack or to engage on or commit any other act, which includes the right to the right of the right to the right of the public authorities and to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or by international organizations or by international organizations or to threaten a threat to such acts in the same manner”.
Women remains mainly in the short-time posts and low levels.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage States that have not yet yet done to make their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their active participation in the work of the work of the Special Committee, as well as their strong participation and their personal leadership.
In the case of all treaties, the end of negotiations, the end of negotiations will mark the real process of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of the agenda.
Washington, 11 April 1949,
The draft resolution, entitled “Report of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of developing countries and to create a new global framework for cooperation in transit transport between developing countries and transit, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have to present the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish the support for peace for the establishment of the African Union for Peace and Security States and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to the truth of the truth is essential to prevent the same violations of the conflict.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and that credibility.
Management services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information on the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2003
We have been able to understand that the success or failure in a area of any kind, if it is not possible to be a excuse or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address questions, such as the presentation of all United Nations information centres containing the activities that it is based on a unified message.
In order to establish and implement other changes, we have been expected to review some of our priorities and we propose the resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been developed in some aspects of negotiations and should contribute to their work in its work work, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These these products have a low value of value.
LDCs on commodity commodities were facing a challenge to address, since the prices of exports had significantly decreased in real value.
Developing development strategies had been re-up to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and troop-contributing countries for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, Poland and Turkey, as well as the participation of the Council's meetings of other institutions and agencies.
The United Nations Development Fund (UNDOF) has assisted the Study Group to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its efforts and to facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Group has established a database on the basis, which provides a database on the basis, which includes the guidance of policymakers and focal points in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to pay, in the limited resources available, financial and administrative resources to ensure the functioning of the Inter-Agency Secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a representative to the Transitional Transitional Authority to the Transitional Transitional Authority in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a reference for women's women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as criminal status, marriage, the right of the food, the right of succession, health and reproductive rights, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, H.E. Mr. Nana Ako/d.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Based on the possibility of the United Nations to ensure the function of the monitoring authority established by the draft protocol;
Requests the forces of ECOWAS and the French forces, in implementing their mandate in accordance with resolution 14684 (2003), continue to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to submit periodically report on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under document S/2003/57.
The Republic of Rwanda for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans to strengthen their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the provision of conference services, without the note provided by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in cases of submission of a report to conference services.
The law on International Trade Unions (International Trade Law Act) in 2000, provides for the elimination of the claims to determine and, where those actions have already been made, their arguments and replacement of action.
These services include the functions and implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or to the Bahamas, including the financial services in line with the United Nations system, the provision of service services and offices in international trade services, as well as the provision of service services and offices in international trade law, as well as the provision of services of staff and offices under the law of the law of companies, as well as the provision of services of staff and offices under the law relating to the law of companies to be exempt by the law of the State Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative arrangements to include certain persons on a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop has been beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on rules in the case of projects by national entities, based on experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 5 offices, the control of the United Nations and non-compliance in the rules.
The return of information has also been aware of the importance of the coordination of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their staff enforcement plans to use the same scope of information in order to streamline and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities in the time frame.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The strength could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2006/236, S/23307, S/23308, S/2330 and S (1999)11
The information that organizations should be able to be made to monitor, inter alia, the accounting budget for the five years of previous years; the internal circumstances and present identity of other clients.
Affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing a equitable basis, on geographical basis, as possible, all of the bidders, as well as in the procurement of procurement;
Mr. Negon (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat has, since 1998, in a phase phase of recovery and reconstruction, it was difficult to deal with a serious emergency situation by facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped funding projects, training and health, and programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the use of payment, it would be informed to inform the names of the funds of the benefits of the same system of the general system of the United Nations system in relation to the security and recovery of transfers.
• Implementation of the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the question of reports with the administration, the Russian Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clear changes for human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, a increasing increase of the specialized agencies and technical agencies in the operation of the system is under the operation of Member States as a positive measure.
In the light of armed conflicts and civilians in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in recent years with a country of African countries that the most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary provisions to ensure the translation, in the near Arab languages, including a note of appropriate information, as well as the dissemination of the text in the country, through the staff of Human Rights officials for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes to work in risk, particularly drug users that have spread drugs, to reduce the risk of diseases of infectious diseases as well as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that Member States would continue to receive the documents under a appropriate form.
The addition of the first sentence “A support efforts to promote new initiatives”, in paragraph 7 (e), has been challenged because the Second Committee had not yet reached a consensus on the issue.
Some members proposed that the publication is available rather than free services.
The consultations by the Council with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The case on the cause of damage may also be extended, particularly in the countries where the authorities of the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves who have been investigated on the investigation and taking a number of time for their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to the Law Act No. 1015 entitled that the case of the application of the application of the application of the Convention, although article 11 (n) of the Convention, the “Legal and legal means of the use of a international or legal property in the field of the financial system, trade trade and the metals of the United Nations system, in the context of the form of the application of the application of the law, the trade of electronic or legal systems, as well as in the form of the form of article 11 (a) of the financial or legal system of the system, which is not used in the form of the scope of the application of the application of the Convention.
It is important for the Commission's attention.
It is also necessary that the importance of the participation of civil society, as well as a strategic partnership on the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve conditions in which women's responsibilities and family, and in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who are three children or more than 16 years, or two children and more than the women who are living, receive additional leave from a week, paid by the monthly wage.
The relationship between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and divorce is the direct direct, the exercise of the rights of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and the family, and the work was the most important of the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology-related technology is mainly focused at promoting partnerships and economic linkages (such as technology transfer, technology, marketing, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements between foreign firms and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, with training training, training training and the establishment of the implementation and implementation of technical cooperation projects to submit funding for the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
It is therefore ready to provide the Commission to provide further information to the Commission.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
The results in the areas of development and organization, in particular in particular the linkages between evaluations, knowledge, decision and partnerships.
SADC has considering the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,62,600
Demands that the Liberia's commitment to hostilities in the territory of Liberia and the obligations of their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including for the work of the United Nations Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider inclusion in their programmes and bilateral projects for the armed forces, security forces, police personnel, police personnel, police and medical personnel, questions relating to human rights and prevention of torture, without prejudice to the gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted a broad exchange of views on the report of the 2002 Review Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 51 B and on the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the Secretariat of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
C. Health resources
• To ensure the overall management of decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor, under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the Rules of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the United Nations Human Resources Section is to allow the Court to attract and recruit qualified professionals in order to provide a more qualified and efficient staff to ensure that all members of the staff and their rights, as well as to ensure that all staff members are physically physically, psychological, psychological and emotional levels of their tasks.
• All equipment and other individuals are subject to receipt and inspection before their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
C. Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters belonging to French, English, Spanish and Russian Federation and four language language in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider the adoption of legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase the transparency of the financing of applications for a independent mandate and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on the appeals of tenders and information on the provision of contracts, sufficient time to be allowed to be eligible to establish and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to provide assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
In the case of Burkina Faso, developing countries, as well as other of the same category, is presented in the heading below, which is shown that the country is working, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to provide various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the adoption of such initiatives such as “any””, the Group of 77 was pleased to discuss with its development partners, encourage such policies in order to improve the conditions of living conditions in the countries of Africa, with the international community to provide full support to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, with the international community to provide full support to the goal of a reduction of poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the strategy for information technology and communication technology:
For the time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation of increasing and to ensure that our President do not do not exist.
(e) To ensure the maintenance and strengthening of cooperation and support and operational support to the Tribunal in the United Nations region in such areas as Governments and non-State entities;
It should also be given to the necessary time for arguments (e.g. they have generally been seen as two five days, with the number of accused.
The practice of formal trials is to be held to two cases during the periods of periods, for example, as a result of a five weeks, a five weeks, a five weeks, in a five-week period, a five weeks, and the defence counsel in the trial of a judge in Arusha during the trial.
The members of the Chief Executives Board of the United Nations agencies for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, including that it is a comprehensive and useful framework for revision, and to adjust the policies in force in connection with the costs of support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted a total report to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of activities to the General Assembly, which is signed by 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also welcome the necessary need for freedom of press, attract the attention of the Egyptian authorities on the need to combat terrorism, which constitutes a incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, which must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Security Nations resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar on the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the past decade, the institutions, initiatives and international law are not involved in the meaning of inclusion, which considers the protection of the rights of minorities in a integral part of all democratic development.
As noted with the collective system for international peace and security, it is necessary that the new Council of the reform of the reform can be able to protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is the highest importance.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, should also strengthen the support of developing countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate action against HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pjeje Singh Singh (India)
(d) Encourages, where States parties agree, the adoption of a cross-border approach to the sustainable development of forests, as well as exchange of information on this subject;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to implementing the effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Follow-up to the operation of the World Project for the establishment of national communications, particularly its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidelines provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session that the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the development of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In addition to the volume of the information in the Russian site on the United Nations web site, there was a number of visitors of the Russian language.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The use and salt of women are among the most important nature of the most important metals and metal metals (in.g. and software) are very high.
In 1990, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A citizen's citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it may not leave.
In paragraph 1 of article 41, the deprivation of liberty or a threat to freedom shall be invoked only in the principles and modalities set out by law.
The issue of the symbols of the Greek Orthodoxzzi and Melzani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on the activities of resources to be allocated to funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, currencies in which the United Nations is recorded, and the euro, currency from the host country.
Endorses the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table TD below below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: Peaceful settlement of Israeli disputes established by the General Assembly of the United Nations of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a major mechanism, in the context of facilitating, inter alia, to facilitate, mainly through technical assistance, the voluntary participation in negotiations on the delimitation of maritime boundaries between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities in order to provide contributions to those funds;
Takes note also note of the regional political policy of the Pacific Islands of the Pacific, to the thirty-third meeting of the Forum of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Kualava from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Commission adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
It noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors was increased, and took note of the initiative by the United Nations system to improve the coherence of its technical cooperation activities.
Some of the people's troops also, as well as the rebels have abducted or convinced to join their homes have been sent to the death on the ground.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Aware of the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. P.org in B.E. The proposal of the Committee's consideration of the item on two years, on the basis that the voting of the motion does not agree with a position or against the two draft resolutions, which is not recognized to recognize the need for consensus on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Advocacy of officials and public opinion to the importance of space applications as a means to promote economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank has been established in December responsible to contribute to the development of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Non-expendable property referred to in note 11 of the financial statements, the organization of the organization to 31 December 2002, was not encumbered.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office found that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without that the person had been completed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General of the Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission of the necessary assistance to fulfil their mandate;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse on the 1980s, indigenous peoples are to be able to be able to implement the implementation and respect of such political policies, which are often interpreted as a result of a mere.
AAC Secretariat 35-37 S. Helena.
Throughout all countries in the chemical sector, almost 80 per cent of global production is the fact of 16 countries, whose vast majority of OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly clarified that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as a justification for refusing for extradition of terrorists.
The documents of technical meetings and seminars at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To formulate comments on the future direction of the Partnership and on the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties on its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the establishment of the post;
The increase of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, which is attributable to the reduction of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services and the United Nations Office's Office for the United Nations Office in Geneva, which is attributable to the reduction of the work of the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, as well as the additional costs under furniture and equipment to replace furniture and equipment to replace furniture and equipment, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for new staff staff, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment for new staff staff.
This is a variety of a variety of activities for which the definition and use of data are also important for most of the marine property.
In terms, they are able to take a clear explanation and aims for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station is a high-cost facility, if the technical level would have been changed.
For the rights of intellectual property, it may be able to apply paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Rights of Intellectual Property Aspects which affect trade (STA/19), the eight developed countries of WTO means to prevent technology.
Several recommendations submitted to the meeting concerned the actions that it would be possible to undertake in the national level:
The increase of the costs of the staff and the staff of staff and the staff of staff (two per cent) of the staff and the staff of staff staff (Other categories) in the amount of 1 January 2003 and a reduction of staff staff for the average level of staff, as well as in a increase of expenditure under the amount of compensation for the loss of the Mission of the Mission.
(a) A new wording read as follows:
Methods of methods used to identify major sources of the main sources of the main information of the main information of the United Nations information on the basis of a detailed summary table 7A11 to 73
The Parties referred to in Annex I should take all cases relating to the estimates of specified amounts or removals, data data and emission costs.
Italy is one of the most affected countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the subject to the primary obligations of the State party and that it is recognized that the existence of the existence and conciliation of the legitimate interests of the legitimate interests and factors”.
It also believes that there is no legal action for other grounds.
Another cause of action in international law is entitled to the rule of the general mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as we wish to assume the burden of candidates to be found.
A number of resolutions had been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, which is important to revitalize the General Assembly and that it is based on the draft resolution that we have adopted.
The procedures sometimes found that needs are not available.
These have been accompanied by pressure on the purpose of us to accept amendments or amendments to limit or used the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all countries in developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, which seek to provide part of the World Trade Organization in the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/18 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who perform their functions during the duration of a nine years of nine years, the amount of the annual pension of the annual pension:
Commission on Social Development
Four claims who have been found that they could be able to be given four claims “E4” claims claims of losses and more important, in which they stated by the complainant's claim.
UNSEQ number: E-2442
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the sector sector.
Globalization's development is also provided by the abolition of the debt burden of developing countries, strengthening capacity-building and increase resources, as well as increasing participation of those countries in the international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary application of the border was opened between competition to Kosovo and Nzzir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to the former people.
The movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the Government of the Serbian authorities not to sign a agreement on the use of Serbia in Kosovo and their appeals to deter the Serbs of Kosovo's Kosovo to be carried out by UNMIK for the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/7/7).
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and the relevant organs of the United Nations for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against the Proliferation of Ballistic Missile Proliferation, we believe that this is a first step in the leadership of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be able to be able to be accompanied by the web site and the United Nations website on the follow-up to regional and summits on the regional level and summits, which will be held at the time of June 2003 to the fourth regional technical coordination meeting of the United Nations.
The prices of oil prices has already been used in the last month of 2002 in the month of 2002 and exceeded 31 per cent in January 2003.
They will take place at the time of a structural adjustment of the fact by accession to the United States's commitment to achieve the levels of the criteria set out for budgetary improvements, as well as the position of departure, they would not be applied in this period, which would have clear consequences for economic growth.
A. Ahen and al., op.
In accordance with rule 5 of the Act on domestic autonomy, the power of foreign policy is a constitutional authority of the Government of Denmark and any part of this authority cannot be transferred to the self-Government of the Faro Islands.
For example, financial assistance is, for example, for the costs of sexual minorities of ethnic minorities, culture and information documents, as well as various types of national projects.
The International Social Commission in 1989 provides the right to use collective action in question of interest of interest, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to comply with national regulations and international agreements.
In addition, the person concerned to work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The large proportion of users in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and the negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played a important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have led to new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Cooperation of the European Union: the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou (Benin), in 2000, in 2000, took into account the proposed elements by the Special Representative during the United Nations Joint League of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where that is in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has a constructive opportunity, especially in non-governmental organizations.
Items 136 to 141, 144 and 150 of the agenda
It is also continuing its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and the protection mechanisms of human rights, including through the adoption of the adoption of gender equality.
In addition, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established the commissions or police teams.
Recommendations on grants grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general or special consultative status with the Council, that it had approved in its resolution 1996/33, inter alia, in its resolution 1996/33, of the activities of their activities, including the support for the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.2), UNITAR has been undertaken in 2002 a series of activities that are included in the framework of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term programme of programmes and projects to streamline its activities, better to improve and more effective.
Support for women's issues were appointed in each department and the Ministry of Women for Women's ability to implement national policy on gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/22 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a key aspect of the economy's economy, and often even the large number of developing countries in developing countries in a global scale.
In the area of statistics, it was necessary to encourage data collection, as well as work on the impact of social implications and impact on development of services.
Assistance was particularly important that African countries continue to enter negotiations with the European Union in order to conclude the regional partnership agreements.
E/2004/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication techniques
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary measures and necessary to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Action by action

The certificate of Australian citizenship is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of a common approach to a common approach, particularly on a common basis that could be included in a international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution are included in subprogramme 3 (Sustainable development and codification of international law) of agenda item 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) of the General Assembly and conference services) of the budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations for education, science and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Item 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning that it is not intended to avoid the fact that a human lives for the destruction of a human life in order to produce the lead to a better-based manner or other experiences.
There is no discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all other other.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication and communication, including the elimination of the “nnns” would enhance transport in transit and allow countries to provide services to transit transport services in their neighbours.
Mr. Ma Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for his month for the report of 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Review of the action of the United Nations system to combat drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action on Persons with Disabilities (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses deep concern about the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in this regard, the guiding principles of the United Nations system, to contribute generously to the development and programmes of national organizations to alleviate the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must provide the benefits of all.
Last recently, in February 2003, two-based radio-based radio-based management stations, high-B-B-B-Bals and Shilek (P/2007), was provided by the Technical Secretariat; the construction of a air-based monitoring station (RN16) as a result of the Papkk, was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a General-General of General Service and transparency that has led to the recent appointments of posts.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America proposed a amendment to the draft resolution pursuant to paragraph 6 (g) of the proposed text as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, measures taken by a Government may often have a impact (and negative and negative impact) on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups covered in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminal offences and to complete their criminal intentions.
At the long term, a legal framework for the effective and effective legal framework can be a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest to independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights of the human rights.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first United Nations Development Programme approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should include the development of a national development plan, which will establish the development of a national development plan, which will be based on health, the population, education, tourism and economic development;
In the Ministry of the Prosecutor, the Government of State has been responsible for the promotion of women and the participation of women in developing Development, demonstrating the commitment of the Government of the Government to pay specific attention to women's issues in the Congo, all the United Nations Office involved in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanks to the Working Group's Working Group and other countries to address LDCs in the area of access to market markets, which was obliged to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded this year on the balance of a positive cash balance that is currently currently in line with the regular budget, which would lead to the amount of the budget.
B. Ecuador
Maintenance of peacekeeping
We have planned food and medical equipment.
natural disasters, especially the floods, also also spread the degradation of and poor resources in the Asia-Pacific subregion.
In the context of their daily work, women are the primary protection of forest-based forest groups and it is therefore that it depends on the sustainability of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia established a inter-agency working group for the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up activities relating to terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included by the authors because of a technical communication.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of the association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of Korea intends to advance this process during a few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a opinion, the criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of the buyers and those creditors was the concept of “the normal system of affairs”.
The Working Group of the Medium-term plan and the programme budget will be held annually on a comprehensive review of technical cooperation.
The problem of cotton was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be considered by a view to more moral and economic.
The Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the objectives of the United Nations Declaration on Action through national support, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is at all parents, which are the need to guide children, the duty to guide children, to raise in a healthy environment, to promote the right of the duty, integrity, accountability, freedom of justice, freedom of power and service for others, to contribute to enhancing families, communities and nations around the world;
Most of the Muslim people in the Middle East, in the West Bank, in Asia-East Asia and in some African areas.
27 October 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in a long-year period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal norms relating to the preparation of reports may not be effective.
The Government is currently considering projects to improve the capacity of East Timor in the two areas, in addition to its capacity to address civilians.
In addition, the Government is considering ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the field and in the area of mediation.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to do whether they wish to participate in the work of this new team and to provide the Office of Outer Space Affairs to provide a view to that purpose.
The Immigration Act in a certain extent to a certain extent to the behaviour identified in this article but penalties must be changed.
Indeed, in urban and rural areas, illiteracy of female women with poverty and work, with the dependence and insecurity.
Table 12
A number of countries of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to host countries.
The Group consists of seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the item without a agreement on the causes of the problem and to address them.
They support the military activities of the United States on their territory, since they do not have their own history, they know that the vulnerability of vulnerability and the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Commission, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Guam, October October 2001, www.un.gov.gov/commerce.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 for income and expenditure and the implementation of the new evaluation plan also provide good opportunities for the financial plan and the budget budget.
General
The table contains the amendments that it is proposed to provide the number of posts under the support budget for each of the main components of each provision.
The summary of the total number of posts for the biennium in the biennium and the biennium will be used.
Table 7 Distribution of military expenditures and new investment, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by the country of Central America on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the publication, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to C://www.co (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Commission's decision, the programme of action for the fight of poverty and social exclusion and on the promotion of a international trading system and the promotion of a international trading system and equitable and equitable systems.
The enormous efforts of the region are continuing with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 17, 17 and 27 September; 3, 19, 25 and 27 September; 3, 3, and 24; 2 and 24; 2, 3, 14, 14, 14, and 24;
UNMOVIC has also cooperated with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly in the way to find concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of non-use equipment and the research of a reasonable balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and the legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on the recent study of the United Nations Secretariat Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in United Nations agencies.
On 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully completely or mainly on renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the operator can be accompanied in the same way that transparency and confidence.
In this regard, the experience of bilateral democracies is very valuable.
At the same time, it would not like to reiterate this opportunity to refer to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the condolences of the Palestinian people to their families.
We can be able to speak when these attacks have no longer place, because they want to threaten the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 people to organizations involved in such acts of their actions.
I thank you very success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
This is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the Secretariat, to carry out the tasks and difficult conditions of their forces.
Review and procedures of the review
Statistical statistics, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held on in November 2002 and in April 2001, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would like to reiterate the names of two countries among Asian States wishing to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Those achievements in the economic and political spheres would determine the present and future future of our State.
It was also the interest of developed countries and developing countries to establish a multilateral and equitable trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, including in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and questions relating to the preservation of national autonomy were most important importance for the economy of the Group of the Group.
FDI could play a key role in economic growth and development of host countries.
States
For the most hand, the delegation endorses all suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which can not be used by the State and other tax control mechanisms, a significant role in the economy of many developing countries.
Human Rights Commission
The joint programme would allow Member States to find a more comprehensive approach to the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology in the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in South (October 2002).
It should be incorporated in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on the strengthening of international cooperation for the development of the development of international cooperation for development will be focused on the Monterrey Consensus.
In the light of the industry, new new support have been used, and that other United Nations entities have not follow to their own, a normalization of the validity of the motion would be achieved.
They took note of the convening of 16 September 2002 in Geneva of the Fourth States of States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, as well as to strengthen international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation should enable cities to maximize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food has a introductory statement.
Even though the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the context of the various problems of the United Nations and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community has a priority priority to achieve this goal, in the framework of the United Nations, to address a decisive step towards peace in this region.
It should also be noted that a better increase of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on interpretation of the rules of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The Office of New York for UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new programme of technical cooperation, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and to the President of the Security Council addressed by the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of Security Council resolution 1390 (2002), and to ensure that their citizens and their own members, and to ensure that their citizens and their own members, and to ensure that their citizens and their own members have to provide such funds, assets or assets in their territory could not provide funds, or directly directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Of all federal services responsible for enforcement and enforcement of crimes have contributed to the work of a basic and developed training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Punishment of International Criminal Offences (FFal” Act)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered under article 7 of the Law Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of financing and expenditures of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they have not been held to serve as the mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they have reported to all the parties that they would be made to provide food and medicines, including the full protection of human rights, including the end of recruitment of children, including the end of recruitment of soldiers, including the end of recruitment of soldiers, including the end of recruitment of soldiers, and the holding of investigations on human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group for the Medium-term Plan and Budget Programme on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in a general manner and the provisions of the various conventions relating to responsibility and relations between them are difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts in the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) as possible to the questionnaire of the Intergovernmental Panel on the Application of the Sea in the area of science and Research, and the replies to the questionnaire of the revised questionnaire on the practices of States in the area of science and research, and the transfer of technology technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As in this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of developing countries are now to the heart of the concerns of the international community in development.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will be the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly will be requested to submit a report on the implementation of the Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out its work of the political and external measures to combat poverty without support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on privatization.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, for time for the General Assembly in order to consider its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand the participation of the system of standardized reporting reporting, including amendments to the content and its structure;
The challenge to decide at the outset, if the debtor should be subject to a liquidation procedure rather than the reorganization of a number of countries to review the law on insolvency law and to replace appropriate procedures by a “in”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in the school, with the most dangerous situations.
We attach a high priority to our cooperation with the United Nations and other organizations to encourage breastfeeding as a means to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group (S/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition's opposition of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and of the action that continues to carry out bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 missions to the authorities of Azerbaijan, Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Ecuador, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Tunisia, Tunisia, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall be invited on its financial interests and, as well as will make all any reasonable tasks to be informed on the financial interests of the members of the family.
Member States have made some difficulties encountered in implementing the implementation of the Declaration on Fundamental Principles on the Guiding Principles of the Implementation of the Use of Drug Demand.
(c) Strengthening the support of technical support and advisory advisory mechanisms; strengthening human resources; identifying the new technologies and applications; and encourage international cooperation to support research in the areas;
At the 3th meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as observers of Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of the FCC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-up welcomed the first stage of the process of the process that led to the organization of a international conference on chemicals management.
Action measures
I would like to say our work with you, within the Council of the United Nations, has been a positive experience.
We appreciate the determination and belief with respect to your country's positions in the circumstances extremely difficult.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A draft technical cooperation for the University of Moscow (Mozambique) is in place and should be completed in 2003.
In addition, the production of the use of the debt-building procedures in the field of external debt procedures and the result of the discrepancies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country with a large population, but 3.2.3 million people are threatened by famine.
I have not yet yet to understand that it is difficult to accept this of the facts.
Article 2.8 and the Secretary-General may provide additional proposals for the budget budget for each time.
Article 4.12 is established for the United Nations peacekeeping Mission as facilitated in cash operations as a cash fund to the Organization to respond promptly during the phase phase of the new peacekeeping operations and the expansion of existing operations, and to support the costs of unforeseen and extraordinary costs.
These agreements indicate that the United Nations should provide full payment of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide property or to be used in a fair price of another intergovernmental organization, with a Government, a public organization or another organization to non-profit organization.
Article 6.12 The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the loss of cash losses, and other assets, as well as that it should be submitted to the Board of Auditors, as well as the accounts, as well as the accounts of all parts of all parts.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/Add);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
There is no nature of the nature of confidence-building measures, therefore, and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, in the pace of the course of which States took in the process.
Otherwise, the developing countries should be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, it met with families of the victims of the killing of the killing in May 2002 and the victims of sexual exploitation, which also visited the prison and the hest.
The cost of the solution of the region will be provided at 985111.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and the chairpersons of working groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the United Nations treaty bodies, and the members of the United Nations system, the indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and asylum-seekers, including the adverse consequences of globalization, and those who have caused the adverse consequences of globalization.
Why is so?
My second proposal is a general nature that is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of the transition of those States have provided accounts and implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1427 (2004), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the international reconciliation process in Somalia.
In the case, the League of Arab States has played the role that the situation of the political and security situation in the region, as well as Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and travel in our liberty, which was recognized in resolution 1402 (2002) of Security Council resolution (2002).
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.6
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate gender mainstreaming in all programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences, in accordance with the conclusions reached in the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session of 2004, as well as welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council for its substantive session on coordination and evaluation of implementation, as well as the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation and evaluation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the United Nations system in its substantive session.
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the reform of IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kelíček (Czech Republic)
The main responsibility of Mr. Due can provide the Commission is not to be a political approach.
Strengthening by the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, through efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise could be reached on the issue of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea has been fully committed to its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the International Declaration of the Republic and Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee considered concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, the documents may be issued in a period of seven days of receipt of the record or closure of the session, if it would be issued.
Welcoming the reorganization of the Office of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the work of work with regard to issues such as education in space and disaster disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: Substantive servicing of regular meetings held with the Division of Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit for Sustainable Development for the realization of effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to ensure that the implementation of strategies and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of financial and technical resources for developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the expenses and resources caused by the embargo of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/345);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two accused of the word “in”” was in one and the other case replaced by the word “and” and the phrase “and the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the phrase “and the Secretary-General and the heads of Member States of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts;
At the same meeting, the Commission adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the problems of the Convention,
The General Assembly decided to approve the recommendations contained by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asia in the area of small arms and light weapons in the light of a debate on ratification and implementation of the Protocol on Firearms.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with resolution 1999/21 of the Commission on Human Rights, on 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolutions 55/50 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress's initial refusal to support national compensation and that it provides funding and institutional stability for the implementation of the programme.
C. Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 5.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed, because they have been killed and to send all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija as the message that they must be done and that there are no opportunity for reconciliation, and to achieve a multi-ethnic society by Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we call on all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and implementation of the Protection of Kosovo's Protection, which is responsible for addressing emergency situations in the field.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a end to those violations of the Lebanese airspace and to prevent the recurrence of the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation of the session of 2003 to the Committee as contained below.
In this connection the Organization, and there will continue to be a tolerant tolerance against those who encourage intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He pointed out that its concern was to ensure that such NGOs are not unable to ensure its status to the Council in its activities in which the territorial integrity of a member member.
Twenty-five meetings (at 25th) were held.
There were a complex relationship between areas in the areas of work.
Angola welcomed the seventh Conference on Trade and Development of oil and gas in May 2003.
If, please describe the measures taken.
Persons who have been given a analysis of the right to know that such information is also the right of such information, where it is used and that there are access.
The criteria contained in the Convention on the European Court are the following: (i) new new; (ii) (ii) and (ii) in place.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on the Unification of Transport of 13 December 1996, or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of the Religious Names or designated States, the producers of trainers and the United Nations radio institutes of 26 October 1961.
(h) Ensure approval of the implementation plan;
Thus, the rural population has increased in the regions of the North-East and South-West and South-West countries (the 49.8 per cent) and 49.1 per cent) and 49.1 per cent of 49 per cent), the North-West Bank (and 49.4 per cent) and the Centre (at 50 per cent) and the Centre (at 50.1 per cent) and the Centre (at 50.1 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights in relation to citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning was not well known in 1989 and the couples were often limited to traditional methods and condoms.
The amount of the amount of the amount of the amount of the volume of the infrastructure, food, clothing and other products of strict standards for children, and for the aim of preventing the drop of school, a phenomenon of the extent of the past years in the past years of the reduction of the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the pilot programme of joint services of the United Nations Development Group, provided by donors to finance and improve common services to 24 police teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on the strategy strategy for poverty reduction.
A representative that a motion of order may not be held in his statement, to address the merits of the question.
(e) The implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the regional cooperation in the context of development activities to promote sustainable development in the context of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Office of Action
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on commercial activities in Liberia in Liberia has been in the context of the experience and realities of the current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In addition, the model model in the extent that there were no less than the two of the current system, it would be able to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of staff and higher staff
In this regard, the amount of mobility of mobility and returns remain the same.
(e) Study on the vacancy of the United Nations system and the Federal Administration of the United States.
It was noted that each of the loans was under course before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Follow-up and assessment of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to combat the efforts of the international community and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders have been present to complete a formal launch, before the end of 2003, the World Compact has become a more developed international network of $15,000 companies in the world, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by the various bodies were reported.
• Rules of reimbursement (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against anti-personnel landmines has been a atmosphere of dialogue and close cooperation among Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Permanent Missions
The Working Group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the work of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on its fortieth session of the Committee on its fortieth session, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Bureau of the Committee on its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other stakeholders on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of promoting and protecting cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The World People's Republic of Women, the World People's Republic of Women, The World People's Republic of Women, The World People's Republic of Women, the World People's Republic of Women, the World People's Republic of Women, the World People's Association, H.C. C.E. C.E. C.E. Mr. Lloa, M.C., the International People's Republic of Women, the World Federation of the International People's Association, the International Federation of the International People of the Congo, Mr. Lloa, the World People's Republic of Women, the International Federation of the International People of the Congo, Mr. Lloa, the World People's Republic of Women, the World Federation of the International People's Republic of Women, Mr. Lloa, the World People's Republic of Women, the World Federation of the International People's Republic of the Congo, Mr. Lloa, the World People's Republic of Women, the World Federation of the International People's Republic of the Congo, Mr. Lloa, the World People's Republic of Women, the World Federation of
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and to provide measures to mitigate the threat of a high priority.
These success have demanded investment in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations referred to the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by the Presidency of the Islamic Republic of Justice
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of the United Nations Office and the United Nations Police Unit at 30 June 2002.
H.E. Mr. Lroi, J.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
The Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Stockpiling and Other Intolerance, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Article II, as amended to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which to Be Excessively Injurious or Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that it should be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and the evaluation of the results and evaluation of the results of the outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that three additional posts will be extended to a external expert.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, as a result of their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account the issues of interest to the national and international levels;
(a) In paragraph 2 of its resolution 136 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to the right to protect protection, including such as such-in-use equipment and military cases, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, the representatives of the media, the representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, humanitarian personnel and personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts made by the Centre on the history of the World Research Centre on history, and the culture of Islamic Islamic Organization (IIP) of Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of information on economic and socio-economic development, and urged the developing States to develop a programme of work to meet the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the work of the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONONM's form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity among States and to consolidate their cooperation in economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and the whole sectors;
Urges the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its work of work, including the establishment of inter-State bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prohibition of nuclear material in outer space and international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Urges the Conference on Disarmament to begin early the substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P) on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30E on external debt of African States and other States members of the OIC
A workshop on the development of the private sector and the role of the seminar in the States of States” in Istanbul with the relevant institutions of the OIC and also also thank the Republic of Turkey for his appreciation to the workshop.
PDD Requests the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Urges the Member States that there are technical infrastructure for the conservation and rehabilitation of the photographs, to provide scholarships for training officials, in order to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations on the Declaration against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope that it will continue to have a strong attention of the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in our mission and our report, the problems of subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As was stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations Security Council and the Economic and Social Council will be crucial to avoid a conflict that could not be taken if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of factors that they require more skilled and active staff, and are a risk of practical practices or corruption.
In the letter of the Secretary-General, the UNCITRAL Committee “Rapporteur on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of a commentary to the Commission will be submitted to the Commission”.
The economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant resolutions of the United Nations would have to enter the withdrawal of the Israeli forces of all occupied territories and that the right of the Palestinian people to a independent and viable political commission.
After the adoption of resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council, the Minister of Finance of Finance, in his note No. 12/3/165, 8 April 2003, provided the customs authorities of the names of goods and entities on the list of goods and entities in the field of the list of goods and entities, and to verify whether they are located in the territory, and to provide to the Department of Customs and the Department of Customs.
Invites States to review and reform where appropriate legislation and practices in order to address 18 years of marriage, or without the consent of parents, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Secretary-General to provide the following information to the Special Rapporteur, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
In addition, the Committee does not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 will be complemented by a amount of $30,000 (see A/58/214, paras.
Each activity is adapted to the technology and procedures of the organization.
The participants and the beneficiaries will be the first to take a better improvement of services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is a important instrument for social change since it allows each of the new values and to modify its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights provides the principle of the inadmissibility of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirming that all human beings are free and equal in dignity and human rights, which may take place for all rights and freedoms contained in the Declaration, without any distinction, and that the person are responsible to the community in which the free free and full development of its citizens is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to demonstrate that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and a number of combatants working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage that providing assistance to strengthen capacity-building programmes, on capacity-building, capacity-building to combat terrorism; providing priority priority and ensure that programmes have been implemented in timely time and are focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Investment Division, Development and Technology Division.
(vii) International Trade Facilitation Commission:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they are estimated at 219,055, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, restitution or repatriation of persons to a country or where their lives is safe and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is in danger;
There is a growing trend in the need to be given to peace to the detriment of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome the short-term crisis in a peace process, but that in fact to undermine the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees to that suggestion.
The General Assembly should take the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
She regrets however, however, that the country had not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains a urgent problem.
In view of the commencement of new centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase of the workload of the Section, is proposed in a net increase of 38 posts.
With regard to the draft convention on international terrorism, the representative of the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of implementation.
As noted in previous previous, the Committee considered the claims of the second instalment of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and has made its recommendations after the evidence of the evidence and other evidence, in accordance with the balance of the claimants, to flee a zone of war and that Iraq, which is responsible for loss and damage directly directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our country covers the assistance of the Committee against terrorism, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, education institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority are aware of hatred, burning and offer a moral burden, as well as, as a result of the murder.
If we wish to take the opportunity for the Council's opportunity to address the Council.
Israel has a end to the occupation of our territory, which continues to send settlers, which continues to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress on the mechanism for sustainable development and, in particular, appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider the guidelines in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board, and paragraph below.
In Chile, 1973 and 1988, all local elections have been suspended, the Government of the Military Court has attempted to improve the provision of local services that resulted in a number of reforms, including in the field of income sharing.
In accordance with resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had already identified the main themes of its work, in 2003: “The indigenous peoples and globalization” in 2004: “The protection of indigenous traditional knowledge in the national and international levels”, and in 2006: “Women and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations called for a subvention to indigenous peoples;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice of friendly relations and cooperation between States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it did not be mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In terms, the expenditure for children has increased over 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation in the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no case of exception when the right of peoples to self-determination should be held.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): of the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is an effective basis of the process of the Convention.
A contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Conference for the Activities of the United Nations Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
On 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only only 5598 (see table 1 above).
(d) The purpose of the work or termination of the contract of a employee and whether the opinion of the State of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State State, which is likely to act with the interests of the State party;
This session will be held in the Centre of the Centre of the Joint Centre.
That process is recognized and designated as it should be “in in transition or the knowledge of knowledge or non-discriminatory organizations, as well as, as appropriate, which strengthen the use of knowledge of knowledge, through a natural, economic and political life, with a view to which the new phase of development.
Ms. Marym was informed on his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons of staff and staff, and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the category of indicator covered by the Friends of the Presidency.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles relating to land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph.
The representative of any or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wish to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the budget budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide the necessary support to the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report on all programmes, and policies that will be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions relating to equality between men and women, including in the area of women's representation in different levels of the Government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take steps to ensure the security of all staff in the auspices of the United Nations in the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 29977 (XXVII) and 5392 of the General Assembly)
Economic economic laws are under consideration, including the laws relating to investment and registration of enterprises and a draft law on the basis of the case.
It is encouraging that there was no progress in the last recent period of events in the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth aspect is the fact that the Government is the Timorese East-Leste, which has been able to produce $6.1 million in income, including $3.7 million under income income in the year during the year year, shows that the State is increasingly more than all resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and contributions on the development of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, the activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increased with the years.
One of the case was being implemented before the first part of the university, in the purpose of the purpose, it is not to create a climate of terror after a demonstration of a event before students.
The international community should focus on this trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in relation to the controversy on the question of the power in order to replace XV and the conclusion of coal, which have been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in the recent technical discussions that were held by Mr. Blix and Mr. Gambari in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the goal was to resolve the issues taken by the former Special Committee as well as outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the form of the form of proposed documents in the hope of the hope of this political impasse.
We look forward to the number of experts of customs and procurement in the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
In order to achieve peace, we can be able to ensure that we find our sincere dialogue to achieve a determination and determination of political will.
I would like to express my gratitude to the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security is guaranteed by respect and implementation of the Security Council resolutions and that it is a time when the absence of a change of political policy, because of a new commitment of cooperation in the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council would be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of peace and security.
In this regard, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council on the United Nations system is still a key factor to ensure cooperation in Iraq with the inspectors, and is also the primary condition for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) In conformity with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
The entities involved in financial transactions;
As we have stated, Egypt signed or ratified all conventions to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, it is impossible to build confidence-building in the coming day, we must remain to be accountable to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Legal service
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia continues to have a large number of many and one third, which will soon be held, once again.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational enterprises can take place throughout the world.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has taken a wide range of social and economic reforms to encourage the growth of employment and social welfare, such as effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Elimination of Poverty and the fight against Social exclusion and the establishment of social and social partnerships that will take priority for human resources and to ensure education and the central role of a central role in the research of social progress.
The meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was prepared at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in respect of the time of time.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
For persons with disabilities to enjoy full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account the historical differences, cultural and development among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all norms and international rules relating to disability, not only those of the legal instruments, but also those of the United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African people should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of discrimination in relation to disabled persons.
For the basis of the Secretariat's divisions to provide adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent against the budgets of the project budgets should be allocated to the division of the project.
In the provision of medicines, material materials and spare parts of equipment, especially those who are available to the emergency services, and to the services and other services of adults for children, who have made the conditions that the medical personnel provided its care is extremely difficult.
Does this political policy has been done?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution on compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [27 June 2001]
The employment has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level of 25 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English] [21 May 2001]
Access to energy sources and the high cost of fuel and the cost of fuel and shortages caused a serious impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and damage to the effective implementation of social and urban activities.
Introduction
As a result of the transfer of transfers in the bank, and would transfer a amount of 10 million from the United States or the equivalent to another other.
Paragraph 1 of the Rules states that:
In example, as suggested by the Secretary-General, a multi-stakeholder group of review mechanisms for debt restructuring, the discussions and conclusions would be addressed to the attention of intergovernmental bodies.
