It is therefore concerned that the laws aimed at combating terrorism provide the authorities responsible for law enforcement and intelligence services, with a view to making them to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur sees its future programme of work and that it was considering to include missions.
First, the representative of the Government must increase the representation of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and intensify efforts to support unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most basic principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical issues to address it.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including the State and the members of the judiciary, and to inform him in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these comments.
If additional funds were available for programmes in Africa, resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested above.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the web site to strengthen the language capacities of the site.
Organizational structure
A new analytical guide analysis in 2003.
Data statistics (see the responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appears to show that the impact was to reduce access to unemployment benefits.
In this regard, the need to focus on the specific needs of the least developed countries as the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, thus, has not become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq continues our Governments.
This is why in Iraq, a priority commitment.
In response to this question, my country believes that the draft resolution was an effective way to strengthen the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is hard to have the situation.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require the granting of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security in the ports of entry and training of staff, in particular in the area of the detection of false travel documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the most demanding standards of financial surveillance,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines on the implementation of the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices relating to the implementation of the work of the Sub-Commission.
The assessment of the education level of girls in the Horn of Africa and the Eastern African region has been able to find the causes of the problem, which has already been identified: the extent of domestic chores and the financial sacrifice that the education of girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent women's equal education and that it should be added to the lack of school textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, at the time of which we respond to the appeal of the Secretary-General to discuss the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of acts in order to ensure that future generations have a positive opportunity.
In this context of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year for services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No. 23/2001 (ISRAL)
The initial judgement was made in favour of applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that these persons have been arrested with opposition forces to reverse the legal government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former parliamentary parliament, President of the Committee on Action for the renewal (ARAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a term of six months and imprisoned in the Lomé civilian prison, despite its appeal.
The Working Group, with the opinion, requests the Government to adopt measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is essential to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate ways and appropriate timetables to carry out their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this outstanding issue will only be possible to strengthen confidence.
These historic initiatives help better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples under colonial domination by providing the necessary pressure in a highly competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and holds the legal and political authority and the international legitimacy to address the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
At the time of time, the United Nations should not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also to extend and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently providing a post for HIV/AIDS Adviser at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its Organic Regulations, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and consultation with the Executive Council, has taken an exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of its status in the organization, to have violated the rules of procedure of the Council, which disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and to respect compliance with the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, shall exercise its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency legislation and could be left to the common right, it was noted that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, should be included in insolvency legislation.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received a number of support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also party to many international treaties in corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crimes of Money-Laundering relating to Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a school of the training system was that it had become necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of international civil service.
(c) The question of whether or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-family contractors;
In a case as in the other, the position of the power of the market cannot be considered automatically.
However, the United Nations trade activity portfolio includes high-value products that have little value in the world.
Financial regulations and rules of financial management of the United Nations (ST/SGB/GEF/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, whose staff had been insufficient.
Not part of the documentation of the Panel's session, these three documents will be not all time for time for the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 45
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is trying to take action.
The system has proved its effectiveness in its part of the most visible, the electronic presentation of evidence in the case.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also calls on the principle of referral by the Rome Statute on how the body — the Court or the Council — is entitled to consider in the first case of individual criminal cases concerning the officials or staff present or in a non-State State to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions during a operation established or authorized by the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General has followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are in the present agenda, has become a reality, taking into account the election, on its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the very immediate appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Uldore Declaration was signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have continued to combat and deter or receive weapons.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition of the Ethiopian Government has been identified by Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in air in Somalia by ships from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
The political turbulence that took place in the first year in the power of their first year in the area of equipment.
The existing legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system to ensure that United Nations staff and associated personnel can carry out their missions in security.
Although it has not begun its work, only two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of the World Conservation Organization consider that agricultural subsidies are detrimental to the environment and cause the exhaustion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has particularly served as a framework for the development of a common language for United Nations staff on conflict prevention, through interaction and interaction.
The consulting actuary also has been charged with proposing other types of funding for future costs for post-service health insurance.
The procurement services contracts between UNDP and various donors were carried out by the Office of Project Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve accounts for the offices and accommodation of headquarters.
However, the Supreme Court's figures in 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for male culture were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in the society of Samoa.
In practice, the police has been established as a police officer to present a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a legal officer and staff included another legal officer.
The teenage pregnancies are still an important feature in rural areas, and there are generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible to fear that the situation will not lead to an end to the family involved in the village of the village, usually that of the girl child.
NGOs - non-governmental organization
No effort must be spared to re-establish this process while preserving the standard of the standard set up on 30 years and still in the field of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an appropriate legislative basis for a future of the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an essential imperative in building a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join the search for a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two border crossings in the eastern part of the Kosovo Strip and Montenegro.
Consequently, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before the status”.
I associate myself with the Council's members to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information he has provided.
India will be able to provide further information on its comments and will also participate in discussions to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 26th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
These include continued to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including the “Question of Palestine” of UNISPAL on the United Nations web page under “Peace and security”, and to strengthen its collection by adding documents for both new and old ones.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before they give the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time that Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Development Policy Committee had to see the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more on the vision of France for the future of special measures.
It covers the past period since the first report of ISAF III, and also provides the final assessment of ISAF's action, prior to the command of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle in principle of a single State seems to be a prima facie point of view.
Mr. Raytvv (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
That is why combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies constitute a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has extended the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat Secretariat's services in the United Nations Office at Vienna provides support for the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully with the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive counter-narcotics strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Border Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia had applied all provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, requested that it is the primary requirement of the Council on the immediate withdrawal and without conditions of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate implementation and without restriction of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the Task Force on Information and Communications Technology, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment determined by the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and is a concrete outcome that we will try to exercise their capacity to exercise the responsibilities they have been transferred.
If the situation is changing to a return to peace, UNRWA will need to address the demands of a conflict in a conflict and development phase, and to launch a similar special fund for the implementation of the Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Agreements.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 dollars for the maintenance of premises, due to non-payment of the budgeted amount of 2002-2003;
1.79 Encourage the health policy and standards of service services for the host authorities to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14 The increase in the use of computers and computer automation of the Office's work.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To keep the word “technical” after the word “support” at the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” for the text as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are taking due account of the values of public service, particularly in the honesty of behaviour, rational management of resources, transparency of decisions, assessment, accountability and commitment to the citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any action in favour of indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us have been wrong, and we are now seeking to put up to Côte d'Ivoire's work and to resume our activities, as in the past, and in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It would lead to accountability to improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, prior to validation of a certificate, to require the exporter that it submits a declaration confirming that rough diamonds are not in conflict diamonds.
Other progress is made to:
(c) To consider how the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs in which the members of the Tribunal are engaged in the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in accordance with the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the clearing-up programme had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial and human resources, specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and the parents (in particular initiatives to reach persons who are illiterate or not received from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including, inter alia,ya;
(d) The difficulties that persist in raising awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective review mechanisms for the child and other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore aware of the approach to strengthen and improving the human rights of human rights and its control related to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter referring to the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Report of the Secretary-General
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of the most commonly used assistance.
I hope that you will have a updated aide-memoire, as a tool for the development of the priorities on protection and that it would be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in protection are reflected in the resolutions and relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to refer to the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civil populations must not be taken hostage by factions in war trying to deprive them of their access to humanitarian assistance.
The recommendations of the Council are verified by the secretariat of the Fund on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules, and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken in the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council of the Human Property Rights Council, which affects trade, links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which affect trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures to address issues of impunity and accountability and promote reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance of making this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Alimov (Japan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Ch.un (Republic of Korea), Mr. Aliimov (Tajik), Mr. K.ch. (Republic of Korea), Mr. Aliimov (Tajik), Mr. Kchinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov ( Uzbekistan) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to emphasize three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing contribution he plays to lead to the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation with this problem.
(d) Effective risk management systems and internal control; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate extradition procedures and simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to the offences that apply to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are or where there are other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires indicate that this article has not been intended to require the continuation of minor crimes.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing a final judgement in cases where the judgement may not be obtained by the author of the offence may be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit has adopted a directive prepared with the support of the Office for Programme Financing, which was related to the systematic review of country offices' monitoring mechanisms, the management of other resources for resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three-year training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, various organizations and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the United Nations Regional Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Cities Federation, municipalities and associations, the Regional Network of Local Authorities for Human Settlements Management and the Municipal Development Programme) and private companies such as Bcatel, Total, Dexia and Orlen.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods that will be used for destruction, location of all of the areas of destruction and standards in security and environmental protection;
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 1273 Palestinians have seen their homes by Israeli military forces who invaded cities with tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses in explosives while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in that struggle.
At the same point, I do not fall in detail.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting, I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), his very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and emphasized the continuing threat to Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Draft programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistical products, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements signed at the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and calls for the prompt and full implementation of 13 practical measures agreed to at the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic subsequently informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as reaffirmed by the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The regrettable incident of Gilayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on numerous conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from prolonged drought and a long-term impact.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall immediately remind him to the order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and States parties concerned and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested persons.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, undertake visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The acts of systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region were committed during three different periods:
Towards the 12 October, UNMOVIC soldiers entered into force in the witness of the Mukasa witness.
All persons who were interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were under the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects of the Commissioners.
Global road safety crisis
Once the appointment established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions imposed under the law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific organizations and assisted by two editors (o-New and Australia), is currently preparing the model provisions.
Review process for the review of the requalification of the benefits
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Of the 42.8 million dollars for the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR) to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR) to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR) to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR) to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an assessment of the capacity and professional skills required in OIOS to ensure internal audit services of the Fund's administration and investment activities, as well as the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on the evaluation at its next verification report on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a computer computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious commercial transactions and monitor any irregularities.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This crime is committed by any person who organizes or abetting the entry into national territory of a person who is known, or a good reason to assume that it is a clandestine immigration or the intention to seek asylum.
The number of women in government positions at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation in the previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in the institutions to assess the situation of women's women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a large-scale pension regime as well as as possible as possible as possible, as well as the fact that the people who cease any professional activity to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in the social security plan.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act of 1996 on violence in the Family) that, inter alia, trafficking in the case of prohibition and protection of protection and provides the Garda large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will focus on the possibility of refusing formally to use information services.
Emphasizing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, of neo-colonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment of human beings and women's rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women with the same rights in relation to the law on the right of persons to freedom freely and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of the procurement legislation that relate to electronic commerce.
- Request information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions of the United States (R.g.chrerezen_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty that they have created in most of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was declining with a few minor cases.
Such plans include improvements in the improvement of early warning systems, early warning systems between areas and communities to disasters and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several agencies affiliated to the latter would encourage the conservation of biological diversity within the framework of remote sensing and GIS.
The various issues have been discussed and draft resolutions were presented and discussed at the 11th to 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 to 15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing use of the Guiding Principles on Displacement in their own countries in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests to continue its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on the preparation of deployment in the country.
The remuneration of both other judges is scheduled in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be closed, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and the Lake Tric v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is governed by a large part of the criminal and criminal procedures established during the United Kingdom system.
It published and disseminated throughout the country of fascicles explaining the procedure to monitor and the need for a registration of births and marriages in order to raise awareness of the public and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account developments in the nature of requests for assistance as well as the increasing need for some types of specialized assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the country of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, restoring social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); It also stresses that globalization does not adequately reflect the human component, the interdependence of economies not reflected the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/11.
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration set out in paragraph 1 of article 14, paragraph 1.
Consideration of reports by States parties
However, the periodic report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, however, covers the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts, which are traditionally concentrated in Greek minority and Macedonian minorities.
They affirm that there was violations of article 2 (d) of article 2 and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that a decision by the High Court of the Eastern region of the Eastern region, dated 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr. President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general and summary of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of GHG effects and the type of technical expertise used (for example, power, production, production).
Environmental impacts, economic and social impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
On the other hand, it would be possible to address this problem.
Developing countries should be provided in developing countries in the capacity-building capacity, in the form of new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology for development and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects in the world and to establish a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(c) In the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditures relating to these activities.
24.6.1 The amount of $1,995,200, reflecting an increase in $45,700,700, will be used for: (a) the maintenance of 10 posts (44 Professional staff, 6 General Service (Other level) (b) costs related to the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003 and (c) the costs of other items for the operation of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in the coordination of assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Programme
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted the concluding recommendations without a vote at its 15th meeting.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post that is not only a candidate.
(ii) One representative from a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of straddling fish stocks and major migratory stocks, and the impact of the Secretary-General to include in its report a substantive review of the provisions of the Convention on the needs of States in developing States, which takes into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas falling within the Agreement, and that it contains various forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda item “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict, including the recommendations to strengthen, develop, integrate and prosecute the work of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and to submit to the Commission on Human Rights reports providing useful information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the only Member States; there is no reform to address this situation, as those who are in the position of deciding to be determined to hamper the work we are all to do.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have attracted great hope in the international community, including with the developing countries to see the emergence of a stable, just and united socio-economic agenda.
This goal can only be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sport of sports competitions in various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sporting games for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The programme of awareness for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of poor poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and to build partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that restrict access to markets, including increases and inflation rates limit exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the Committee for a three-year period, beginning from 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which provides, in your country, to monitor transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a short term, with a view to the momentum to the peace process that has a good progress, as it is at present time, but that we need to be released on their arrival.
We believe that it is important for anyone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled that the meeting of the Security Council dated 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, held in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has placed on Iraq's burden to carry out its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors to find that Iraq has attempted to hide since long time.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that there is no link with the mandate of inspection teams or the weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation in relation to counterparts that could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society inherited, represents another constraint.
The majority of the sub-Timor who continue to practise a subsistence farming with the means of very high production of their homes.
At the same time, our bilateral relations to all levels, we call upon the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support for this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in the course of the week.
(b) The database on projects are divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects and indicate the needs for funding;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing performing party” means a person other than the carrier that is operating in the contract under a contract of carriage for the carriage, handling, custody or storage of goods, in the extent that the carrier, directly or indirectly, to the request of the carrier or under the supervision or control of the goods, regardless of whether it is party to the contract of carriage, is identified or shall be exercised under the contract of legal responsibility.
The definition of definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to replace variant C, which would be as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated countries.
Most of the police information systems that provide registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement of the Schengen Agreement operate as a database of the Internet and are fully operational, or is fully operational.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donation agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe is primarily dependent on donor support for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has been reduced since 1999.
Consequently, the President of the Republic promulgated a law which defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in the prevention of AIDS and is the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited in the past few years, the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as pollution pollution, agro-industries and timber industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 447 836 euros are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the programme of programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court under their jurisdiction under the right to be present in his trial and to defend itself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, it is necessary to adopt policies to address social, economic and cultural problems that they must face.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in one of its priorities and works with various bodies and United Nations agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls on the implementation, in this regard, the procedures relating to the basic safety standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the results of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held at Cancun, and deplored the lack of agreement on the reduction of customs tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have resulted in $500 billion of the United States dollar for rich and poor countries and contributed to a reduction of poverty in some 144 million people by 2015.
If there is no effort to address, injustice of economic globalization will be moving from the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease have also become increasingly.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is one of the problems that arise.
Mr. Buster (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action is an important milestone on the path towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, especially women migrant workers, are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of what can reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should amend the instrument as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often have the assistance of relevant services in other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the education facility is too distant to ensure that there is a daily day, the region where the staff officer is in post and that the Secretary-General's opinion is not in this area of school, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rate as specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and risk to reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to know that the Secretariat had made that it had done so to recruit locally recruited General Service posts in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in total, participated in 66 projects related to mangroves in 35 countries.
Group of the Caribbean and North Atlantic Atlantic Region:
(d) It is important to develop the implementation of the projects, results, possible implementation of these projects, and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be inferred from the amounts to be apportioned between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government has been installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and looks forward to a more active commitment of the international community.
This expansion of the programme of work is difficult for the work of the Commission with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency law, security rights, security rights and infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continued work on two counter-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The list of the roster provides the following:
Follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be made in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should be submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison institutions and avoid violence between them and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic in the Bozova Gíica's headquarters to say to the Roma people that they were in place immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act in the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at any time the complainant has provided details of the torture that he would have suffered.
He claims that his removal against Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is held in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same question was not examined and is not under consideration by another international investigation procedure or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time of extradition, but it was subsequently withdrawn by a mistake on the person.
(b) The question in question should be an essential element of the application of the author's author;
5.4 By reference to the elements of supporting the allegations that Mr. Azurans had made his statements under torture, the complainant referred to a report of the CTT on the period specified in which the disputed statements were taken and that the following statements were taken and that:
The complainant's grandfather is not the mother of the mother of Abullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures in accordance with article 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
With regard to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Federal Office of Justice had accepted a de facto evidence of evidence obtained by torture.
No further clarification is given to these problems.
A number of countries responding: 65.
In the meantime, it would be very difficult to do so in this area because there might be a risk of contradictions and inconsistencies with various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The establishment of the peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would therefore justify this change.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is closely working with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and requirements.
The first research of research has already yielded strong results and resulted in specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the vital role that political leaders and political parties can play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent that a activity is consistent with national objectives or is within the framework of these goals.
This will therefore be the most likely to gain if the objectives are achieved, but also they will be the most recognized that they are not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture by the South-Pacific Mining Society (SMSP), controlled by Kakak, and the Canadian company Falalybridge with a view to the construction of a book in the province of the North in order to address the nickel of Kambambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that, as a result of the goodwill of all parties concerned, the review of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be made.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take up four weeks, from the date that a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed discussion of the project, which was issued as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian staff for the 2003/04 financial period, which covers 24 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $284,44,900, a decrease of $4,938,300 (14,94 per cent) compared with the apportionment for the period 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting, in particular, the importance of the major countries that produce or working in diamonds to participate in the self-regulation system contained in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, in recent analysis, new proposals, as well as high-value, seem not only not only inapplicable in practice of the required level of coordination, but there is still a risk to avoid the simplification of the process, but it is still possible to avoid the simplification of the process, but their understanding of the new level of work, increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, through its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, by holding conferences and seminars, by publishing books and brochures on some issues discussed by the United Nations system and by conducting persuasions.
Table 1 provides a comparison with the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 by the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/23 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income of the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, in a course of course, to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for the travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,300,300 (before recosting), with $744,800 in the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Refugees of Palestine
In the future, it should be explained that, in the programme narratives, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds should be explained.
The procurement of firearms and explosives on the private market must be denounced to the Prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conduct
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Fundamental Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 124.
At the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author contends that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the date of his arrest and other opportunities before his trial has suffered serious ill-treatment and due conditions in which it is detained.
3.1 The author contends that the persistence of the author's authorities, including the Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that law No. 143/1947 is a discriminatory legal law and that it is as a null and without effect, a arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional act in the right of the author to enjoy any study of its heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author also alleges that there had been violation of article 14, paragraph 2, that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of this article with effect of depriving the accused of a fair trial is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that, in a first time, that the author's dispute was not under the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could now be introduced to courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision was from a interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2, of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author alleges that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that it was gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal of appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence of the evidence that it considered a mistake.
With regard to the applicability of the requirement, in connection with the request that he addressed to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure, the author contends that, in both cases, it was impossible not under the unconstitutional military regime in order to engage in the prosecution of the perpetrators of political dissidents in the prescribed deadlines.
In view of the fact that the State party has not included any false information on the complaint, it has provided no other relevant information on how to take place in the case of the circumstances of justice, it should be accorded sufficient credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Thereafter, the State party argues that the author has not shown that the State's action has been an interference in its family.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates to determine, in the case of the review, the length of delay in the case of the author's arrest and his trial and not the dates of the author, namely the alleged crime of the alleged crime or the date of the beginning of the trial.
It is not in place to use only the documents available to the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
It also considers the State party's failure to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on allowances for former combatants and claims that none of the two bodies to review its request had been questioned on his ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is victims of a violation of article 7 because they do not always know the person in question.
Witnesses:
It argues that the Peruvian judges would have to take a decision to take the rule of the text if they had had before them a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, that time would not begin from the notification of the judgement, but rather than the last notice of the notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the Committee's consideration of this request.
The authors referred to the decision of HOCOC in the extent that it has an assessment of the facts of the cause, which enhances its argument that the Commissioner had taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the qualification and reintegration committees in the police.
The authors have before them justice in the case of Tamil cases in 1997 and Koranjjjell and requests for expropriation filed by the authors in these two cases, but they did not have a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner had been sealeded by the Fjj Western Western District Court, with reference to the judgement rendered by the Supreme Court in the Valymar case, that paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (Right to equality) and 75 (lireedom of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of this “indigenous” would not be consistent with the right to freedom of expression provided in article 19, which is due to responsibilities and duties.”
He immediately referred to the judge that he intends to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be taken in the case of the case.
3.3 The author claims that the case has exhausted domestic remedies and indicate that the case was not subject to another international investigation or settlement procedure.
Moreover, the Board of the State stresses that a dual remedy may be exercised before the permanent transfer or the Judicial Court in first instance, and before the Council of the State to appeal and that these forums may order to take appropriate measures.
As a result of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, it was recognized that 13 months of the author's military service under the course of its work at the sixth level of the body of the main prefecture.
In addition, the sum of the State has been sentenced to the claim for the proceedings was paid.
Canada, Chapter XII, Annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See case Caboto Delgado and Santaana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V.33.33 Doc.4);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Pacel v. Austria (Communication No. 415/199), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts were actively engaged in the new appointments, the Government's commitment must be progressively implemented.
The security right is therefore crucial, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
The Judicial Reform Commission, however, has made progress in the areas of rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains inadequate.
Recalls its decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001 in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, the organizations of indigenous peoples, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Populations, to provide the Secretary-General as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, the necessary information for consideration by paragraph 8 of Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis suggests that it can be able to take place at the negotiating table and what are the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of a interregional workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions are met, namely, the existence of a vacant post that is not only one of the Azerbaijani citizens who have vocational training or skills, and the inability to obtain access to local employment services for the benefit of the employer.
The time of accommodation and break-up are not recorded as a working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions have been made to the 1992 Law on Social Protection of Disabled Persons, which became the law on the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Welfare of Disabled Persons.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into the form of modern language facilities in the form of their physical or mental handicaps are welcomed in specialized schools.
The results of the eight final elections have been communicated to WIPO for the purpose of engaging in the international assistance of students in licence and by 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in proliferation of weapons.
This could create a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options for which the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a gender study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The Committee issued a programme for equal rights for the Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court's staff, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common standards.
“In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with Colombia
(c) To continue to include the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children have not been aware of the identity of their natural parents, even as a majority of their natural parents, as well as it is that it is in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of a number of national programmes and programmes, among which the decision No. 347/2002 on the protection of children in the area of child protection, the law No. 197/2000 on Violence in the Family and Children's Rights; the National Health Programme for Children and the Family; the National Health Strategy for Children and the Family; the National Health Strategy for HIV/AIDS; various programmes for minorities, including the Roma population;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and the immediate action for their elimination, which the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against Roma in society, in particular among authorities as police and professionals providing services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their regular reports and deadlines.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist motivation and data collection;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
In the national plan, more emphasis is the need to consider development and development goals in a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical cooperation, to ensure progressively, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with regard to the private sector and public companies, to establish, without prior authorization, organizations that they deem appropriate.
This period is considered effective in terms of payment of salaries, regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
It is considered that the households who, even, do not meet their income in the satisfaction of their food needs, cannot meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of residential units built up a total of 1,07,843, or an annual average of 1074,864.
In percentage of the population and housing of housing, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to activities in the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the extension and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a need for more binding procedures and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Law No.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women are being held in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important events remain valid and their implementation must be urgently addressed.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period ahead of the second Biennial Meeting 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If no three options are obtained by the majority of the votes, the majority of the three options will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for the voters to make a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall determine that it is acceptable to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, participants at the Tenth Islamic Conference of the Summit, held in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation in the timely period.
It is important to set out the three main pillars of this goal because we show our determination to keep this topic on the long term.
However, according to the allegations of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption from the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now, over 10 years, its policy of the embargo of the Azerbaijani territory of Nakhchivanan, causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is mandatory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce expenditures through energy economy measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be conducted by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and that the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The Committee's second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2;
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which sets out the national measures of implementation of international sanctions.
Annex
Consequently, no person who has been hit by a measure of such a nature can not permit visa visas to the embassies of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone and Switzerland subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution, as revised and orally corrected.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider considering and, where appropriate, revise their immigration policies to eliminate all unfair practices in the national policies and members of their families and members of their families, including the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, as well as the need for effective action to create conditions to strengthen harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to re-establish the areas that had been placed under Palestinian control, in terms of the agreements reached, but it seems that it would also be decided to take the control of civilian affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Executive Board of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Programme of Human Settlements for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a programme of 5 million for a period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a broad-based system of preferences, which was held in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has made a successful approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The disciplines and international commitments — which are essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — starting to extend areas that, in the past, were within the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment can be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken particular measures, although not limited to cases of abduction and extortion, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane in the Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work for 50 minutes, the group is returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have not yet done so, in the present time, the responses we need to find critical issues on the past production of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, which is still in its capacity and its possible programmes.
The density of the population and its distribution has influenced the emissions of transport and habitat.
Some of them provide an increase in emissions from this sector, despite measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) In the light of a number of delegations, the need for a number of delegations emphasized the need for the provision of asylum or refuge to persons suspected of their entry into enforced disappearance, with the lack of return to such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might, however, be necessary, in their discussions, intergovernmental bodies focusing on substantive issues and not considered the role of the Secretariat, namely, the activities of the work programme.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The date is therefore particularly timely to speak on the permanent members of the Security Council, with the permanent members of the Security Council to uphold the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
It is therefore now a discussion to proceed to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination at this end, my delegation would like to divert the attention of this effort, would like to stress other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, in particular in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and the individuals and entities that are associated with the potential of groups of ethnic and national backgrounds in their own language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations Board of Auditors and United Nations funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management of the United Nations High Commissioner for Management is responsible for supporting the activities of the United Nations system for administrative and management issues related to the system, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues in the Council's Board of Directors.
My question is the following: What is expected to be in new contributions, because, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be achieved, and will require significant funding, including coordination and special cooperation among other countries with the lead leadership.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have led to both relevant issues on Afghanistan, although more or less responded to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to managers of discrepancies and proposed different solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be a need for the staffing of Headquarters and missions to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNDCP)
Statement XI (f) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, to allow the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, as appropriate, with the cooperation of Member States, to continue its work in this regard;
The political process must therefore be broad, and fairly open for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life, and not to be left on the subject, which, in addition, will encourage them to join the ranks of those who have been actively engaged in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation in providing the Council the most recent information on specific facts in Afghanistan since the presentation of December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is a indivisible and indivisible manner to benefit all.
It could be able to be able to release old lines and to renounce the nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the greatest possible support of States parties as well as non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Bartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: A further delegation wishes to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has not been reached on issues such as the abolition of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibition of export restrictions imposed by producer countries and the boycott in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large companies in trade in timber are using environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood-based wood products are safe to the environment and society.
It is committed in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve data collection and dissemination systems in a timely manner of information on production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products to promote transparency of markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, mainly from treaties imposed, should be repealed in all and replaced by a more fair and equitable legislation, the protection of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because the custom is that girls remain at the home home later than boys were beginning to seek work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for the union-dominated unions; witnesses can be found that a couple of persons are living under the same roof since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501).
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD has collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparation of the Cancún Conference in participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade Points for the Fifth Ministerial Conference of the WTO and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries to participate in the Doha development programme in the area of trade and environment continued in close cooperation and coordination with WTO secretariats, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of the University of Hebron in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachuses, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which presented the work of the Commission on ICT indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and indeed in the light of the increase in international trade, provide hope for growth in our peoples.
Last year, taking into account the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women in a coordinated and integrated system of development activities including mother-to-child care and the child, as well as the gender equality between men and women in society, which is high to gender equality and respect the rights of the family.
Developing countries are facing challenges in the area of development, which can be seen only by concerted international efforts and support to ensure political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of peacemaking and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has made efforts to implement the principles of the principles that it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of the forces and global objectives have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thernononic, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its President from its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the grounds for their arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its latest publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Public information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, as well as by other relevant human rights instruments,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003, the Security Council shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State to any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or related to a formal exemption of the troop-contributing State;
Also requests the working group to study information and share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominic for justice and peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be involved in a level to ensure an exchange of information on the needs of users and that the broader goal of integrating GNSS and its supplementary development infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not know the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and combat diseases.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, which contributed to the Partnership of Partnership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “every person arrested or detained shall be formally indicted and submitted before the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “there will be no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability is relatively well applied, but that it was primarily involved in the relevant personalities.
Decides to include the following points to the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvheon Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, even as the issue of debt sustainability, at its next meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase of a road map of our political tools, especially those related to flexibility criteria.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's work, in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through linking the results of the high-level segment of the Council in the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge, knowledge and management tools of the Government and the relevant institutions to implement the United Nations Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of Pollution from Land-based Activities and the World Conference for 2000; and (e) the improvement of mechanisms to address the implementation of multilateral environmental protection agreements and to ensure compliance with the implementation of the provisions of the International Programme of Action for the Protection and Use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of narcotic drugs among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug addicts; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technology, including facilitating the adaptation of local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
In the number of indicators of achievement, the number of members and associate members of the development of the development of space technology and space technology activities in support of the development of the development of ICT and space technology activities in support of the development of a regional cooperation mechanism for the development of the ICT and space technology activities carried out by ESCAP, including through technical cooperation among developing countries, and (e) increase in the number of activities implemented by ESCAP, including through technical cooperation among developing countries, using information technology and space technology for the protection of environment and sustainable management of natural resources.
Strategy
The achievement of the goals will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated interventions in the country victims of disasters; a higher participation rate in disaster management training; a strengthened field cooperation and the region region; and more donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for the mitigation of the effects of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Souloul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oludidi (Mexico) said that, in three years of the exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox was laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that it should be done to create a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical application.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies has focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent the use of water, land and supply of mines and supply sources.
Such services should be developed and formulate a social contract that is politically viable.
The Declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to improving the implementation of the laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Ms. Koseles (Australia) said that there was approximately one year, 88 Australians were killed and 202 were wounded following the terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution is derived from the functions of the organization which has established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BRF has worked to specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the country's financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity in a year on the other.
A statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or respond to the encumbered assets, such as equipment kits, hold a security right, which usually usually qualify security rights on the same property in order to guarantee other claims.
United Nations system
It should be expanded that the terms of reference between ICAO and UNDP should be expanded by ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Of the men, the decline is still more than the proportion of 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector itself, there was a new distribution of production, the struggle for the manufacture of the oil and clothing of the electronics, engineering and production of health.
It is proposed that family treatment for families with the problem is in relation to drug abuse or participation.
There is an important initiative that was aimed at removing illegal vessels in Armi, the operation carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land is returned to the owners or their husband, if their acquisition by the State had never taken place, provided that the owners of the ground in the area in the three months after restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair to the citizens and the amendments in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the release of housing houses, the Ordinance of 1959 on the release of the housing price and the Order of 191 regulations for the renewal of the rental of urban property, not applicable to the lease lease of 1 June 1995 or after the date of restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme includes several integrated programmes, including the above-mentioned provision of the design (consultations for a false and frequent colour, genetic counselling, pre-natal counselling, high-natal care, medical care, child pornography, free education, school education, child abuse and child development skills.
Municipal councils re-established and travel district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services to disadvantaged groups of the community as disabled and drug addicts.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its institutions and to finance the potential of the potential.
The candidates for university studies must have been successful in the process of the review of the baccalaata, which provides access to the university and must also be able to meet the specific conditions of admission to some studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, that the development of development, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health and education, among other basic elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — namely, the Open-ended Working Group on the Reform of Counsel — has not been able to achieve progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993, the Working Group remains more than ever in the impasse.
1.6 The Committee would be grateful to receive information on the findings that the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Alqqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for the integration of existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of Goway (Ireland) at the request of OHCHR analysis of the provisions of the six United Nations human rights treaties in the context of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations human rights system in this context.
Actions by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, the Office of the High Commissioner supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft model.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also asked whether unilateral acts should be addressed as a strict or extended manner to certain types of behaviour of States that could produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is imperative that it is a matter of urgency of the message of the inspectors appointed by the Security Council and provide the answers.
The inspections can continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely, that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and the appropriate powers would be confirmed, as a significant measure that we need to do.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those mentioned above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid particular attention to the question of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for approval are registered in a registry (RCA).
The ratification process of the Convention is under way.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social issues” by “economic development problems”.
Malawi would like to know that all States are taking up the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it will consolidate its jurisdiction and independence; it must be vigilant and the unequivocal commitment of all States; it must also be carefully understood by the members of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be the subject of any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) - The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands noted that the courts of the Netherlands did not consider that most of the economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members are also before the document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
The United Nations has been prepared by the United Nations and national organizations responsible for dealing with the development of the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, under the main responsibility of FAO and under the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided the coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention in the assessment, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem level, species and stereotypes.
Ad Hoc Committee on Global Policy Review (report of guidance)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the senior managers for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of human resources.
Expert Meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the weak results of private enterprises and social discontent are a concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution A/C.3/58 (L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, reform reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The 1992 Act on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and provided the repatriation of profits and capital.
We are witnessing that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of the Prime Minister Sharon has to act in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to put a final end to occupation, with certainty that they will have a viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including gender,
They are particularly used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there was several activities, formal and non-formal, to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code states that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall give the same penalties as those who affect the effective commission of the act.”
Under article 148 as amended by law No. 54 of 2001, is punishable by forced labour, which may, or otherwise, be subject to any type of such explosive or non-mlammable cases or any toxic products, the packaging, toxic, chemical, radiological, radiological or other toxic products, as well as any of these materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use that end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for strengthening the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Panel of “E3”” suggested that Van Oord had been entitled to compensation for some of the losses of tangible property but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to address the Counter-Terrorism Committee, when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction within the framework of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the goals and priorities contained therein;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke between other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol relating to the Areas and Natural Life of Protected Countries, the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol relating to the Areas and Life of Especially Protected Persons; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea region; the Arctic Council; and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North-East Atlantic.
According to another proposal, the main agencies that were required to participate in the consideration of the topics covered by groups should establish joint reports for the purpose of the meetings at the beginning of meetings, following the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination related to the issues of treaties, to supplement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be held with a view to its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide any available assistance to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “the invitation of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
On the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development by a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki had identified three main features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization: they are a limited nature; they are in the form of capitalism and weakened the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the question of existing stocks would have to be extended to further prolong negotiations and to undermine non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing increased by 12 per cent in the first four months of the second intifada, 42
PCDAR is a mechanism for implementing the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of the camps have been given, refugee refugees have replaced and amended their homes and also added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of equality must be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are two women heads of district in a total of 141.
With regard to the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the mandatory nature of primary school education in the Constitution of 1991, there is a growing need for the level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the attendance of primary discipline was the following:
Women predominate the trade sector, where women's women's report is 2 to 1, the textile production and equivalence, and the food industry that the rice line.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been exploited.
(BDD, 1996; Enk-Sberbergen, etc., 1995).
The head of village has been assisted by a Deputy and a total of 12 491 Deputy, 101 only women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions to create adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies with regard to the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there are figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Sexual Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, are two distinct institutions or missing, and if they address rights in itself or only of health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure that it will adopt.
The Chairman hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, to be a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including appropriate financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reducing poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is at each country that it is the primary responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Denmark, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Denmark, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Denmark, Germany, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
They originate from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the Temporary Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) on 1 January 2003 and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect on 10 January 2003).
Grave respiratory infections showed that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure greater effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned to the normal level.
There is a need to ensure that there is sufficient training and adequate support, as the current standards of development give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[(c) [A disposal to avoid doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [item (b) above or to the Party]]
Mr. Nanser (Sweden) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the proposed reforms by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the question and agreements between the parties, including the construction and extension of the settlements in Eastrabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud in Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening relevant agencies in sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure the sustainability of the environment, the global environmental conventions are of universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the laws or regulations necessary to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sédo, it is necessary to take due account of the organization of the Secretariat, set out in the bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, in terms of which (The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, its headquarters in New York.
At the 5th level, the level is given to representatives and provides access to documents that are available to participants, as documents (CRP), in addition to documents accessible at the level level.
In considering the websites of the organizations or organizations of the official documents are posted on the Sédo, some of them did not recognize that the documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for a decade of 10 years, which is much if the speed of technical innovation is difficult.
The seizure of these identifiers should sometimes be carried out in a man-made manner, and a lot of time (from three to six months) and it is an additional workload when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some of them are even suspected to help others acquire weapons of mass destruction, while there are some attempts to obtain such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stocks.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism as a new and real threat to the international scene has introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
They attended representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of United Nations research, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group of the Security Council on the Prevention and Resolution of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wanted to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely policy policies for gender equality and poverty eradication in the region; national policies to strengthen the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of environmental perspectives in government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, which had raised questions on the materials produced by the plant, the problems encountered in production, as well as on the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the refugees of refugees and the same time to call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to enable them to provide access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific arrangements for the annual payment or a longer-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”) by any other member of UNIDO or other intergovernmental organization with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Office of Evaluation will be able to work and could be able to lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been more low than the members of the Group on the list of “measures”, not in the light of the lack of such laws but because the rules of the meeting had changed and that we have no capacity to oversee the banking banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to prohibit weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity that have many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not have a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it would involve other factors that, very frankly, we have to do so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, inter alia, on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
There is a number of girls in girls and is responsible for the meals of 12 noon to encourage students to leave school.
There is no data on illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held at eight eight hours on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the Promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines is exposed to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to hold its work on the basis of its mandate in resolution 57/61, to review the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of collaborating with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and provide the implementation of the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all expectations have been made, and many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on how to implement all previous commitments and to define new commitments for the full realization of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development which clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations during the past few months and the dedication and dedication of the Council today.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of draft afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM to which the CERs shall be issued, a designated operational entity shall verify and certify regularly that appropriate insurance is under validity during the reporting period.
amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should pay priority to ensure that all their services are working together and their knowledge and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and utilization is also essential for the quality of high-profile grazing grazing and land conservation.
Annex II
The Victoria State of Victoria (Australia) assists Fiji's police in the use of pistols and we provide educational materials on road safety.
If those who use traffickers deliberately, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their lifetime, including extortion by corrupt officials of immigration services or other law enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “Shzouou”, on behalf of the name of “Shzouou” in Chinese, was stolen in space and healthy income, except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not be unpunished and their perpetrators must be addressed.
Appendix A to the Conference
Under the text of the second draft resolution, entitled “Provisionary legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the projects of private finance infrastructure”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same topic adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopting relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/518)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court filed him, in public hearings, a prison sentence of six years and six months of the state of tax fraud and violations of the obligation to conduct accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Subject to reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Hallat Thorgeirsson, President of the SBSTA, introduced the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was for the staff of Asian countries for the preparation of the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has thus improved, the Government had adopted, in the context of gender equality, a double approach to mainstreaming a gender perspective in its strategies and to develop gender policies and programmes, which enabled it to address more systematically gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention be carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security in the process of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004 including salaries under the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service (Other level) would be estimated at $707,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be included in the guidance of programmes for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the verification of staff training, direct costs related to the design, establishment and implementation of training activities funded by the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Personnel Management Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of people's work on action taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within its mandate of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities with regard to the employees of the working group of the Boundary Commission on the ground, and involved in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries only against the target of 19 had reached their completion of mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between Sunday and 015 hours a Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at the sea of Beirut (on 20 km of the coast), in the direction of Jounié and until the west of Chakka (at 11 km coast).
- The same day, at 2149 a Israeli military bus fired a flare bomb in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the rule of six weeks governing the publication of documents and all relevant resolutions and the relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from issuing documents in paper or on its web site as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
The Scotland will consider the possibility of extending the scope of such prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three per cent of the 2000-2001 and those additional funds are mostly responsible for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the plan of action for 2002-2003, the objective of a 72 per cent rate by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set up.
Objectives have been set up in the reduction of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve the communication, promote education and to educate women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish plan in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for exchange, NHS needs to ensure that health personnel is at the same professional, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all the organizations of the NHS in Scotland are also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (Commission on the Equality of Racial Discrimination).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve the services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a project of partnership with advisory organizations, which could involve the use of the space centres of the proposed centres, room rooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: more women and children and to make awareness-raising on the choices they are provided in security and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences for which they are more likely, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated in the last session of the Committee 661, a emergency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiating the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the Head of the Programme of Iraq, in the report of the Council to the Council, on 29 September, as not yet resolved or not under agreement, may be fully resolved to ensure that the transfer in the best conditions and time of time is required.
It is certainly useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already been made to do Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the very positive developments and serious difficulties that we need to overcome and defeat if we are, as provided in the Millennium Declaration, to take a lasting peace and to achieve a sustained development.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is the majority of the rules that she wished to join and, during the past few years, Canadians, in their majority, showed that they are less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, in relation to crimes relating to crimes, it is necessary that there is a need for financial reasons to operate and to focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted its resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposal of the Court's budget is based on the first part of the Court, to conduct fair public trials in a reasonable time.
A second technician is the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the same functional approach that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure greater effectiveness through the establishment of a common services package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, sub-group of participation, sub-group of compensation and sub-group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
Travel (including those of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, the judges and the Deputy Adviser for high-risk areas: 952, 691
It would also serve as a adviser for internal legal matters relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would appreciate more details of this topic.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which was the development of progress in the past 10 years, in anticipation of the midterm meeting of the donor Consultative Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of disputes to peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; new measures have been made to be a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and hoped that regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are critical for the sustainability of the human rights and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed without the prior consent, consent and knowledge of traditional knowledge, traditional knowledge, not to become the public domain, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure of the intersessional period.
It may be exacerbated by 5 to 10 years and the maximum provision of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA has been established that the guilt of the offender has been carried out in this activity.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations in accordance with articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of its birth and to the death of the person, the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights except otherwise.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land, the permission to enter into borders may be obtained from the authorities of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no gap between men and women in other diplomatic communities.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide the Government of the Government of Croatia in the Government of the Croatian Government with the non-governmental non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the phrase “or commitment to fulfil” should not be a broad definition.
However, it was expressed about the fact that variant B did not explicitly refer to the responsibility of the carrier and that its paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “internal responsibility” without the first definition of responsibility.
The Working Group in its entirety approved the substance of the paragraph.
“Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Cuba, Cuba, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Togo, Viet Nam, Uganda, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an important role in other areas of tension, particularly the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, which have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened attentively with the view of Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that it should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to continue, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has fully committed — and will continue to do so in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that the peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are right to resist such occupation.
We also take steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Special resources for the resident coordinator of the Resident Coordinator will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets for the financing of funds that UNDP administers, with separate funds, subject to the approval of the Executive Board.
It will be forwarded to its partners on lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes meet women's concerns, those that affect HIV/AIDS and HIV/AIDS, those who are in conflict or post-conflict situations and that they are excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The proposed proposal therefore therefore not to reduce the recovery rate to take account of interest, which is currently under way.
The ceiling budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to ensure comparison with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget budget, the increase in the amount of income is expressed for the benefit of the same factors used for approval of credit.
Regional offices
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Proforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty reduction in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization reflected a decline in the State's income in the amount of tariffs and taxes, and therefore resulted in a reduction in public expenditure, especially in the social sector.
Further clarification was requested on the Joint Commission on Human Rights (WTO) by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the aforementioned delegations called for strengthening cooperation, exchange and regional integration of South-South integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to be in place to examine the studies and experiences of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group believed that States should, inter alia, strive to eliminate protectionist obstacles to developing countries and to delete in certain economic sectors that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including recommendations, as appropriate.
The group drew questions to the Director of the project on the methodology of water treatment, chlorine, chlorine, which contains water, the number of employees and entities that provide chlorine.
He stressed the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution — a resolution that would not require Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes on a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged strengthening leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Cambodia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation 88
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and other Celestial Bodies of Mass Destruction, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, the Agreement on the activities of States on the Moon and other celestial bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to associate itself with the consensus that the draft resolution had been made.
Iraq had recognized that it had not been paid to these changes.
I believe that if we are honest, we must admit that the word “out of innocence” has arrived, no need for us.
The last part of the concluding observations.
General implications: There can be no development and fight against poverty if productivity gaps in countries and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
That is why capacity-building, capacity-building and promotion of entrepreneurship are also crucial for UNIDO's technical cooperation and the impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed that UNIDO's technical cooperation activities a new approach, which should be used to make a more targeted and effective impact on the experience and expertise of professionals whose services are provided under the eight UNIDO service modules.
The Inter-Weapon-Free Treaty and the establishment of a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on preparations and organization in all Germany of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, owing to the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law of the Supreme Law, a higher authority of the ordinary laws and creates direct rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, as they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the question of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue under another perspective, on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) and the general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies with regard to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation in order to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be threatened and the environmental environment.
It should be noted that the construction of new wastewater treatment facilities, including the reuse of such water.
The quality of waste waste in the area and, in the areas of water and the Mediterranean in Gaza, must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement, it should be used to use the installation that existed in Ramat Hovav in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the programme budget
Mr. Barria (Liechtenstein) said that the year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples and cultures to promote a better understanding between cultures.
After receipt of the additional information and clarification of this issue, the Committee considered the item during several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, according to their means, to fulfil the fundamental role of its own.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to take the functions assigned to them and to keep them to deal with issues that are beyond their competence.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain an essential element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Notes with concern that there was a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, to be taken by the Secretary-General;
(c) The ratio of general services to the General Service and the Professional and higher categories for all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, function of the local situation and the development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
The first time, since the African missile crisis, that the peoples of the world will take the lead of two possible options around a crisis of this gravity; it is a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, with a war, with the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of work on the ground, it is to be noted that through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not removed from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or asserted that the company does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was argued that it was necessary to be ready to amend its positions and explore any possibility of equitable compromise.
Introduction
First.
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30) a preliminary budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic
That Syria calls upon — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom, a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what the reasons for the establishment of a senior body of senior officials in the context of the progress of the major organizational reforms to strengthen international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of rental and compensation costs in the country and the monetary areas listed in the sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the recommendation for the reimbursement and reimbursement of rental costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased progressively, with an increase of 6 per cent in the last six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection of a presentation and action.
Mexico believes that a real reform must be supported on five specific criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually expanded services.
Aims and objectives
However, when the amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and to prevent the goal of access to, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the encumbered assets may have a effect to increase the provision of credit, as secured creditors would have the assurance that their real rights would not be affected by the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared for this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset would require a balance to be balanced with the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions with regard to that protection.
Termination clauses
For greater transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative regarding the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach was adopted, the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or their equivalent equivalent to the counterparty when the latter does not return.
As noted above, however, there can be a number of a number of a total of the business, and to undermine the continuation of its exploitation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not refer to the completeness and, in some cases, the functions of overlapping or would not be relevant in accordance with the insolvency law.
In general rule, the Committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly linked to the general functions entrusted to those in the past.
When a creditor committee is established (and the hiring of professionals), it may be effective that this obligation requires its members (and professional professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are the general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should be sufficiently clear and precise to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights that are proposed, or set out minimum requirements, for example that the plan should provide payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this time may be from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations concerning the notification of the commencement provided for the protection of the debtor by requiring the request to be notified and by giving it the possibility of transferring this claim.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Claims of Workers in Matters of insolvency, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
In this regard, the programme is responsible for providing support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Coordinating Council of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by the Chairman, commending the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force in the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcr Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire I) and the members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in place.
The Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet the increasing needs of information and communication.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and important issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Trust-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric of land and women and young girls in vulnerable groups for sexual violence and exploitation is the social fabric.
In the past, old combatants were the only individuals to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations provides a comprehensive training manual on “Creat and maintenance of peace” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need to increase in situations of ownership and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to help alleviate and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
In the years of 12 years, Saddam Hussein has brought the Security Council resolutions.
We are now in the process of rapid growth, sustained by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which was the most recent resolution resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of the annual sessions should be translated into a number of 3002,300, based on the full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include the provision of the right to water without discrimination without discrimination and that measures to ensure effective, concrete and targeted implementation of the right to water.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The aeros site is based on division 2.1 if the content is more than 85 per cent, mass, non-monrous components and whether the heat of combustion is equal or exceeding 30 kJ/g;
“A United Nations Administrative Fund No. 3175, the test test is not required when liquid is entirely absorbed in a strong sense of its content in a sacred bag.
The following paragraph after “E.B.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "colature of the type of 1 (art.
The paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7 reflects 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 to 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 respectively, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Management of the system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehhi said that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that it was not in the country, but they cannot be tried against the perpetrators.
In doing so, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without support to the related problems of the archaeologicalism, we can state that it has been used successfully to ensure the development and stability of other countries and other regions.
Although there has been a number of years in the past two years, the level remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working actively to sustainable development of the continent, will help ensure the full achievement of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international treaty on trade in biotechnology products.
• Waste release of pollutants and organicutrients by ad hoc sources;

As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, a good note was taken in the review of cooperation activities in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and experience in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, became A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff in the performance of its functions to the peace service, excluding those who died from natural causes or an accident after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking in sea, cooperation in the area of law enforcement and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs continue to function until the election of their successors and eligible for re-election.
(c) The CMP should organize research research models in order to demonstrate that the conditions operate in the best and can be used in innovative ways and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had been developed at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by Member States of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
There is a risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the development of their own and well-being, must be protected and receive assistance necessary to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far from a “World Fit for Children”.
We are hopeful that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the desired goals of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially minor minors, and children displaced in their country, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflicts;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
The problems of child protection — abuse and sexual exploitation in particular — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation for stricter penalties for traffickers convicted.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium under section 24 (Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This provision would cover the expenditure of 12 military advisers/military officers ($828,200) and 8 national police officers, including the United Nations Volunteers, compared with 328 posts, including a net increase in staff and staff costs; 43 United Nations Volunteers, compared with 32 above, 11 of whom are and consultants and consultants (100,000); travel (6575,300); expenditure of operations (189,444,100) and information and training programmes ($311,500).
Consideration of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003, respectively, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of the Islamic Conference of the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihoinini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same: the annexation.
The fear of fear is still very bad, and is a artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway reiterated this conviction without unequivocal condemnation at its interview with President Arafat.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians in the occupied territories.
However, it also took note of the various views that had been expressed in the Working Group with regard to the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main features.
24 to 71). It agreed to recommend that the secretariat implement the suggestions to broaden the scope of the study in addition to the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments of other organizations that might be included in the inclusion, and to consider with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed to the secretariat of the current workload.
The companies that operate in legitimate trade activities should not be afraid of their identity or institution.
(i) To carry out a new reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons, which is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the context of the nuclear weapons reduction process and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and prohibits any measure that would undermine its strong commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the Duma of the State Duma stated that when considering the ratification of the documents to be submitted in the context of the participation of Latvia in the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the Russian Federation, one party and the European Communities and their member States, others should determine whether Latvia would fulfil its human rights obligations and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of cases of studies to develop indicators for the different factors of stress and that they are both specific and robust.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that this text be adopted by the Commission without a vote.
As a result of the simplified interface, it is possible to have access not only to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Political coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and to achieve the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two Territories and their implementation would be given careful consideration to determine whether they can be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary, further the candidates of the list listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will serve as an international investigating judge and that it will be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
CUFP's claim for the period of development of KUF Kilani 56 - 95
KAFCO evaluated fuel Jetum A-1 to the replacement cost in May 1991 based on the average price of purchased quantities.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it had considered in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution had not been aware of the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is untenable on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed the international community on the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November last year, Is Gia, mother of seven children, was killed in a terrorist attack in the same area.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has made its appreciation to the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate goal of the settlement, which is envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently been made to revitalize the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continued construction of the separation wall will be contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while putting the root cause of the terrorists of all its members, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustice that will not be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran did not have a nuclear weapons programme and does not include it.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral appeal to military force, in transrogation of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, are committed to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion Strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees were lost and that others are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as a entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides for the establishment of the villages of the villages that will be at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for such trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a timely transfer would allow cases to be completed in time, as the President said, the judicial process was not readily available.
Subprogramme 2
That is why the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes is through the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the forefront of nuclear weapons.
In order to export export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and export credits, but without a clear change or timetable.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community, the Women's Network of Women's Women, which aims to empower women, including through facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and commercial training;
Such a project is in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants emphasized the need to explore the possibility of creating an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to help to address losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Aware of the importance of collaboration between the organizations of the United Nations Global Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty should be removed from the laws on the criminal sanctions of the two Republics and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group on ways to improve the predictability of financing.
In particular, the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict significant financial and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, high-profile disorder which resulted in a lack of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
Consequently, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in cases.
The sponsor delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe, and should be decided to be determined in the case of such a suggestion, with regard to the suggestion that it did not meet a satisfactory approach to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to know and the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the feature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight amendment that recommended by the Government of Governmental Experts that this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register, in particular the experience of the past years, has shown that it would be more effective to all of the two conventional weapons categories, which would not have a universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor to the Security Council.
Further decides that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, if appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and proceedings
Source: The Hague Conference, Reports of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to the full and full participation of women in political life are rather origin in traditional attitudes of society; there is a lack of resistance, the share of men to the fact that women can play a decision-making role.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of the insent of the riots of April to Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket-propelled rockets, as well as space-based space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by research teams in the area of plasma physics, astronomy, air chemistry and science science.
UNCTAD's activities in the field of trade and development had not been designed to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in a comprehensive and integrated manner in a development perspective, to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already been able to strengthen capacity-building of Somali institutions for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
The Unit: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the seventh session of the measures taken to implement the present decision.
“In-Earth persons”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not in a position to protect is in your personal position.
The Human Rights Commission must play an essential role in the improvement of the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary, or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that, in order to address the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau, it was believed that the views expressed by the extended bureau would be an informal meeting, with a non-paper that would not reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All costs and assumptions relating to the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve in the International Advisory Council and Monitoring Office during the period of six months referred to above, after those costs will be the burden of the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the proposed programme of work in three stages of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the executive arrangements for the implementation of legislation, and to develop international cooperation.
Its production base remains close and very diversified.
Despite the expectations of the hope that we see a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the theatre of armed clashes in other phases and periods that had taken profound implications and implications on the peace efforts that Egypt has been successfully and clear, regardless of all opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State in the area of the maritime sector is the maritime sector for the smuggling of arms and trafficking in drugs and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In wartime, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military tribunals of the armed forces.
Participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, among which representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has begun to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or in the inability to fulfil its functions, or if the State member has a State to be a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Presidents as President of the Executive Committee until a new President was elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that there is long-standing agreement on how to implement its programme of work and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the programme budget proposed for UNHCR was presented in the form of grants to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Review for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme 2 strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions of the Commission are presented to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I, documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
One representative of a minority recommended autonomy for the people of Guyana in a specific region of the Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of Ogonisis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use for discussion and further discussion.
Training courses for minority minorities should be encouraged to take advantage of human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is, however, that a new consensus on the question of the public sector's role in energy development for sustainable development (which could be considered to establish the objectives of public policy, to adopt priorities and guidance of markets), without losing the fact that market forces will not be able to address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “modre”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two Turkish military aircraft of C-160, from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and overflew the occupied area of the `intololosos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east of the Republic of Cyprus.
There is a need for long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency conditions, increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Morenocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss with the areas of cooperation.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included an important item that human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the agenda of the Council's work.
A ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes in the management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, especially political risks, to investors that engage in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
More than the United States did not have done so when they provided money to Iranian nationals after the United States of America flying a Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Students in knowledge management, particularly on accounting
(b) Technology analysis and design of systems (Chee, which covers information technology issues, is dealt with in the module 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a terrorist act, Ariel Sharon, who, after two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the provision of the conference services for the provision of conference services, as provided for in the current temporary assistance budget, is to respond to the full demand for the provision of services estimated for the current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the present provision of the provision of USD 32 and would therefore mean “all the use of the ground that may be required for the execution of the project is carried out in accordance with ...” and would be followed by options which are currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of USD 32, with a reference to the regulatory transformation.
A second term could be added to the French version.
The provision of article 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released from a way that allows them to reasonably verify that they have been released and, in addition, that they were released in conditions guaranteeing their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study revealed that the way for the administration of the Secretariat's administrative services does not provide full use of the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt more modern practices as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General as a follow-up to the request made in its resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two are fully and freely accessible to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any kind of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Economic and Social Council resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend a year more than the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as contained in resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
It should be seriously addressed to dismantle the major mining companies held by the State, such as LVamines and MIBA (Cape Minister of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have contributed additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those mechanisms;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;
The unutilized balance is due mainly to the decision that had been taken not to purchase new high-win generators, generators available to be repaired through spare parts of the reserve and sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of action call on the granting of the family of protection and assistance also as possible, and that the family is of different forms, which differ from cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group was concerned to address the identification of suppliers and the quality of the existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building in the medium-term area: support to entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions were specifically devoted to those items and draft resolutions were presented and discussed at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11 to 15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission that lasted six hours, and then returned to the Baasr Ninawa in Mosul.
The National Oversight Directorate informed the appointment of the meeting and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
The importance of high-level services as an engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who directs an entity of the private sector or works, in any quality such as such a entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage of the private sector or to another person or entity, in order to carry out or refrain from any act or to do so in its duties [with a view to a economic, financial or commercial operation, which causes injury to the private sector in question].
(j) Identify, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system developed for the convention should take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (No. 32) introduced a “without measures”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in the context of increasing greater resources for extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
It is also necessary to encourage thematic meetings of treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent human rights protection.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, under item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the resolve of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, States that have to demonstrate their tangible progress in the sense of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forest-related forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forest, and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (as highly discouragedly discouraged in the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorsing the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established in UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It strives to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women in the embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Monalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had occurred in the Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
General Decree No. 336, replenishment of the National Action Commission against Air Air and Terrorism as a National Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The constructive exchange of views, which are followed by delegations, enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Union
MMA MEAM
However, it may be necessary to take a number of factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR on the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The key task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community allows a rich potential of cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, on the basis of partnership principles, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Planning of programme planning and budgeting is part of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the Fund's balance of the Institute's trust fund at 31 December 2003 should be estimated at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
For the exception of publications for sales and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, hyperlinked official documents of the list listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Loror Air (Egypt); NL = LoneSar Airways (affed by the Liberian Government); Relief Relief Transport Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
The smuggling remains more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal use by the security forces of the security forces, the extortion and other non-incviners, is a threat to economic stability and can only deter capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should take a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of such weapons would be, according to the testimonies gathered, in the event of the case of contempt.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population infected.
However, the country offices seek to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of programmes of action is among key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the United Nations bodies and institutions to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations staff, service providers employed by the Organization and humanitarian agents, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their field of competence;
Calls upon States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research work to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain human rights practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Georgia, Lithuania, Latvia, Malta, Monaco, Latvia, Oman, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Qatar, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, the Czech Republic, San Marino, Saint Marino, Serbia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Sudan, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Ministers will seek accelerated measures on all vital security issues.
It is also concerned about the potential links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
(A/58/214)
Encourages countries to submit national reports to the Commission at its consideration of the Commission in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities available;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to be undertaken include a balance, assessment and analysis of progress in the implementation of the goals, including coordination of information received from various sources and activities to strengthen capacity-building during the Commission's sessions; the creation and management of a transparent and transparent information system and communication system, as well as a report containing information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has enabled them to develop educational materials, train trainers and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount (i.e. the amount of USD 2513,424,044 and the amount of USD 17,784,5151 for the preparation of the files, for the purposes of the 333 claims of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment of the sixteenth instalment.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in international cooperation, will make it possible to ensure that regional initiatives conducted by various agencies or groups of organizations have a potential of synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the status of the programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, which is required to inform the General Assembly, as outlined below, will be necessary for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, 1,004,600, section 4, Disarmament, 2540,200; Chapter 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
In the context of its host programme, the Government shall immediately provide adequate housing, food assistance and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempted to find a job, thereby providing a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is conducting the complete re-engineering of its statistical and census centre, aimed at improving data collection and updating and providing gender disaggregation.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and practical examples of more than this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR general comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it to reduce duplication of jobs in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential potential in a more pragmatic manner;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that has been initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of the conversion of investments in the environment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where the meetings of the States parties have been delayed or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the Office of New York of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of basic human rights prices.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid the problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reaffirmed that P&I Club had favoured the implementation of the instrument to transport the door to cover and indicated that the difficulties could arise in a system of a limited network of a system that had a system of a system that had a uniform system, it was to note that the transport industry, in a large part, adopted a network of the multimodal transport system, including in the Conference's Conference/ICC and the BBICON.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should implement a default rule in cases of “non-pazardous losses”, it was reiterated that the main issue was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvheon Clarke (Barbados).
In line with the approved posts approved at 30 June 2003, the strength would be strengthened from 223 international staff (158, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-2, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 staff in the country, including 25 Professional staff and 20 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General General Service (Other level) and a driver (in the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Affairs, the Federal Office for Gender Equality and Women and the Swiss Conference of Women for Equality among Women and Men, and expresses concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3,c.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard of service for the development of IAEA safety standards with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on the preparation of reports.
Option 3
In our very great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken any steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait, so that they can fulfil the tasks entrusted to the Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care remain very difficult in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been hit.
Among those, the National Women's Forum is a forum of dialogue and permanent dialogue, a multi-stakeholder and representative-based dialogue, to enable women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set up guidelines for the legalization of such groups, training of their members in the social organization and capacity-building of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Child Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by holding an international colloquium to study different aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization which called for the provision of consultative status with UNIDO: the World Trade Organization (GEFZZA).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of such measures and would make the light of the case of “basic”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate the chairpersons of a template for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the African Union was the outcome of the joint vision of a united and strong African Africa that would enable the African continent to address the many challenges that the continent and its populations must face the social, economic and political transformations that have occurred in the world.
They emphasized that these institutions should resist efforts of some countries using such conditionalities to defend their interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to the calls for humanitarian assistance to the needs of affected populations, without compromising the degree of interest of the media, or the geographical position of the location, which requires the need for humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no Tunisian bank body nor any bank operator has no funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support for this area and the United Nations regional commissions to provide some activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety lies with the authorities at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (th item will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money-Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code in offences of the Act, thereby allowing the Office of the Fight against Money-Laundering to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or entities of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalat County and the Nshin County Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should, at the end, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable management of land resources and to end a qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and their educational policies and cultural and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and religious ceremonies, as well as their history, vision of cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the impasse in which the Conference on Disarmament is currently the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increasing risk of the use of nuclear weapons, has created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States has a serious need for negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be guaranteed by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow the Conference to be actively or to allow them to break the obstacles to or because our sense of frustration is to reduce the weapons.
In the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team undertook a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have ensured the integration of the rights and protection of the child in the activities of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member has been re-elected by a organization that applied the United Nations common system of 12 months after termination of an employee's claim, the amount of reimbursement to the end of the month, a short-week or short-up period for the payment of payments, added to the month of a period of office, to the extent that the number of months, weeks or days of treatment for the period from previous periods of office, would not exceed the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would have been paid to the end of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Consequently, only the claims relating to the completed instalments of 2 May 1990 or after the date of the Commission's jurisdiction is under way.
Only the amounts of compensation for compensation may be compensable.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the notion of military action for the various places and dates for the losses reported in the claims that had before it, in order to delineate the area and the period of compensation for compensation (“the claims”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the South Africa mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will report the best practices of the recent planning and lessons activities that have been learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly as soon as possible by the past, through strengthening the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new peacekeeping support arrangements (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment of the deployment team for the rapid deployment team will be of 90 days, after which they returned to their duty station.
A CD-ROM-based training course entitled “Management Management” was recently completed and communicated to the pilot missions in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions was strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct must be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, as military, civil and civilian police personnel, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address.
Lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for a potential demand, including the start-up costs, which require the expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other party — when a person has been committed to the need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the studies of investigating and interesting studies, a participant stressed the need to find a just environment between the self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University
University of Stultures
United Nations Decade for Human Development Education
In accordance with rule 15, the gaps identified have been reported to the claimants so that they can address.
In the case of a claim, the Committee has ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but not to determine whether they had been limited to time before or after the date that the trade embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council had taken effect, namely, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to reduced employees in the activity of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support provided by the United Nations system in the preparation of the study.
At the same time, more than 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are left by women.
- The leaders and leaders of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons providing assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through terrorists or groups or terrorist organizations, by providing or engaging with funds to be used, directly or indirectly, to the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or transactions relating to funds or other financial assets;
- The Convention signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified the Convention on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the cases covered by article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
The Act, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States dollars) in force on 31 December 2000.
The CFW and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, by assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in paragraph 4 of article 21 of the Convention, however, that the perception between the relevant stakeholders, including the members of the CFW, is that it was not fully acquitted of its role, which had adopted a careful attitude.
C. A niche for the Global Mechanism
The curfews are continuing, but not strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, attended experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, the extent to which the provisions of the Convention may be invoked, if such provisions may be invoked before the current courts, courts and administrative authorities and if they may give effect;
(a) Seven members from the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, due to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti” which provides an overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
As to the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not be able to improve significantly with the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of law-processing services is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its session of 2002;
This figure, however, is lower than in 2001, as a result of the increase in security concerns between the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which resulted in some new resettlement countries to limit their own territories.
In 1998, many evidence were handed down to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical survey — the Government considered that a survey was necessary to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action, assessing the degree of awareness-raising in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
The law of law enforcement officers in Brazil has been conducting training in the Regional Training Academy on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(a) The proposed resolution also requires restrictions on the provision of equipment related to the list and activities of brokering.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or to inflict the death penalty or other cruel, degrading or degrading treatment.
It was stated that, on specific cases referred to in the report, which should impose the port's port for long periods, in cases of transfer from a prison, such as punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this incident may be consulted on the web site, at the following: http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
In terms of this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síichaa, who is at least one of the External Auditor, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, unless the defendant or any other person has established its satisfaction that the funds were not used or used to be used for such purpose.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the formal association of two persons, established in time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
As a result of a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Overseas Territories Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all their savings holders before 15 November, the Ministers of Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to draw the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean are somewhat armed in order to address these two phenomena as well as climate variability.
• To identify multinational biological resources and identify land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, to prevent its territory to be used to plan, organize or carry out terrorist crimes or to participate, must prevent the failure of terrorist actors, individually or in groups, or not to be able to do so, nor to provide them, nor to provide them, nor to provide them, nor to provide them, nor to make them to the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African Malaria Initiative, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors to support the library.
(b) To develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including the applicable standards of protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical transformations and great progress in which the aggressiveism of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, in the extent that the current disparities are that some international staff can easily be able to take such a administrative court.
For its part, the administration should follow the requests of the administration of justice bodies, which is required to do so.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gocooche (Cuba) said that it would like to clarify that it was to avoid the consensus that his delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years after the Rome Declaration on 13 June 2002,
This summary has been prepared after consultations of other members of the Council.
Assistance and principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China in Taiwan, and hoped that the Chinese people, two co-sponsors of Taiwan Strait, will resolve its differences in a peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
From November 2002.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at making greater awareness to decision makers and public awareness of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by drawing advantage of space research; promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, systems and services related to space; and to improve the management of natural resources of the planet.
Viet Nam was committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After having looted the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every year.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities prohibited the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits without limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a Cyprus, issued by occupation troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers severely affects the impact of the low-cost workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, a part of one of the most important, the challenge is to address the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work of Member States of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, in order to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the equipment in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the Organization of American States suggested that the follow-up meeting to the meeting of 6 March will be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully subscribes to the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More we do so, more than we have yet to do so.
Is this does not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that arise (International Law on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, the quality and availability of health services should be emphasized.
Of 283,523 women (19.3 per cent) in 1433 teachers.
A few reproductive health goals included in the ninth Plan and the second long-term health plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, it is informed and educated to the population at the level of family care for women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information programmes, education and communication (EC), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All of the formal institutions of the formal sector require tangible safeguards for loans.
SAARC Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never been confronted with a challenge of such violence.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community in their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of a convention on remote sensing, is to ensure that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, as it has before two principles that they consider:
Rape was used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy people.
There was 10 years, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate crimes committed against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an ombudsman and any other monitoring and discipline mechanism within all peace support operations.
The present chapter provides an overview of the obligations of international human rights law, which includes transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health services in many regions, a flagrant violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
If the situation of the Georgian economy was somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt rate and a high rate of high unemployment rate at 12 per cent (in official).
As a result, however, the failure of Georgia to pay the amount required under Article 19, and even even non-compliance with the commitments made in the three prior payment plans were due to due circumstances of its determination.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering has participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned interventions for 2003 and beyond: improved national health and preparedness capacities for family life, strategic planning of the gender perspective and youth of the National Strategy against HIV/AIDS and support for this component and the promotion of a capacity-building approach for orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — the qualities that you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and, here, to the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) had made efforts in the course of making a broader focus on TCDC in its work programme using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police Police, in cooperation and close coordination with other law enforcement agencies, is working with the countries of the region where information exchange and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, was also considered in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signing of the Convention on Corruption, which will be held in a timely manner for the signing of the signing of the Convention on Corruption, which will be held in Mr. Deéda (Yuucan) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
At the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Improving the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had further addressed general issues relating to the scope of the topic (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity in which they are under way, in addition to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, provides an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient resources to address all activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in opium production, from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided a number of reports (21,4 per cent), the Americas 20.7.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30%) and Oceania 2.8 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, it was left that this opportunity would be left to me, not, to me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 public schools and four secondary education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative narrative of section 35 (Criteria for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have mainly focused on the strategic frameworks to combat poverty (CEPP).
The border is therefore already determined, and further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Liarcjan region, in Pristina, have remained vacant, no qualified candidate.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, Kosovo Polje, Liixjan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), No. Brooo (Western region of Gnjilane) and Zvecan (Central Mitrovica region) complained the difficulties of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme should achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments of Governments to address environmental management issues and promote prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the programme of work.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of societies accessible on the Internet (1); a database of information on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); a online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); Information exchange and web site of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development of the continent, and that it must also be treated as a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, the General Assembly adopted by its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to rationalizing and efficient efficiency and effectiveness in order to facilitate access to information that it needs to carry out its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures taken to promote and implement, where appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, in consultation with interested parties, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of types;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for timely implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in a state of emergency,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including by working with international donors in the training of officials responsible for the implementation of laws, to protect and defend human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the reform measures for the prison regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to paragraph 2 of article 43 of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child at its 10th to 18th, expressing hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoped that the Committee will end the work of the Committee,
(g) To grant mutual assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or proceedings relating to the offences referred to in paragraph 1 of article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for the provision of evidence, and that they are necessary for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which was proposed by paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap between the age, and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the expenses of their participation in United Nations peacekeeping force.
It had been discussed in this connection with the Secretariat to ensure that, as a matter of time, it would be useful to provide detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had provided 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 240 hours of theft and 24 aircraft and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskes was announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted the Member States and received in writing with the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Ggg equivalent CO2
Often, the “known” “known” are involved in the maintenance of this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location where they are located.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who have been arrested in checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthele, who, by their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $7,966,000 is equivalent to the expenses of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technology;
In this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, found death.
Developments in the peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, some serious acts that have been made guilty of the ordinary armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, among which older people, women and children whose responsibility in conflict was far from being proved.
A member to choose from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays are being made in the implementation of regular reviews, the evaluation of implementation was hampered by:
It can be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, since time needed to change the management of financial management and focus on products and achievements rather than inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, it had been achieved in achieving the goals set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people worldwide.
They can be made in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequately protected with a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of Public Prosecutions.
The Committee also commends the State party's efforts to provide public awareness of its relationship with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including possible consultations on their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in the light of the concluding observations of the bodies.
In general comment, it was suggested that the emphasis should be placed on gender equality and women.
Individuals and groups should have full access to the information provided by public authorities or third parties on water, water supply services and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” has enabled the United Nations peacekeepers in Bosnia and Herzegovina to the United Nations in Bosnia and Herzegovina to the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify its efforts to take measures to build confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uganda, Tonga, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective approach have emerged.
We will not achieve these goals by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying the stockpiles of mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating social reintegration and to convince new States to accede to the Convention and to regulate its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political need of the Ottawa Convention, which constitutes a way to improve the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some adjustments that arise at the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) The accomplice to a person who commits or attempt to commit a person of such acts.
“ 1 bis.
If the homicide is committed by the author when he leads to a vehicle in the vicinity of the s Rican, the drug or medicines that has been used by the author or in a situation that undermines or reducing their mental capacity, oroor or physical, the sentence of imprisonment that it is to be applied to the extent of the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President shall address the recommendations on contracts for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) In Brazzaville, from 14 to 17 May 2003, from the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute effectively and coordinated to address the challenge of the abduction of anti-personnel mines in the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to the basic social guarantee in the OGGSE, young people enter into the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security of social security included in the system
The beneficiaries of the spouses and the separate spouses or divorced spouses, or the marriage was declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that must inspire public action.
(c) The management and resolution of qualified and responsible economic assistance for protected housing and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and autonomous government authorities retain their respective normative skills, as they are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of conventions, which is funded in the proportion or the amount provided.
A solution is perhaps to provide children, as early young age, culturally culturally suited and to raise awareness of gender perspectives in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case stems from general principles of the right of companies recognized by civilized nations and non-international international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case resulted in States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to resolve their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration courts or the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes in Tax Matters established by the Convention for the Settlement of Business Disputes between States and nationals of other States.
The Barcelona Traction Authority
In the case of Delago Bay Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they were to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese-speaking society that Portugal had caused a loss, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had jurisdiction only to establish the amount of reparation to grant.
A society may therefore not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in connection with its social siege, its home or the location of which it is controlled.
Ibid., p. 84.
“The Court notes by the outset that the complainants did not complain about a violation of their rights as a State's defence, as well as to the General Assembly and to vote.
Legal assistance to the widest possible extent is given, as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the State Party required to permit, during investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings concerning offences involving a legal person may be responsible in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full and partial allocation of the value of this proceeds or of the goods or funds from their sale to the multilateral debt reduction of the requesting State Party.
]
An additional application by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should take place on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO also emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family relations and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these persons has little change in the recent conflict, some families who could return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements for human rights continued to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and other in this area, and that there is a need for increased cooperation,
Studies and studies
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of the contingent-owned soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed to see a number of external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/COM/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, President of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary interim report to follow up on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it would be necessary to strengthen the capacity of the Secretariat and to take all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke on behalf of the European Union.
Given that I are also at the debate of the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to underscore the decisive role and encouragement of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: A third cycle of political science in the University of Sacif-Ciré de Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the Isle of Christmas, the Cocos and the Islands Ashmore have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be housed in detention centres pending their asylum applications;
As a result of the apparent signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope that we have hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated repeatedly, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee on the issue of treaties has little progress, and, inter alia, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made a real progress on the issue.
In negotiations previously held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, in the framework of a comprehensive package of measures, had accepted the area of the Turkish Cypriot State in that area.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to be consistent with the number of measures or political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide more comprehensive information on the services to which women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies in favour of women, persons or entities responsible for such efforts and measures in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second countries should be managed differently from those who are in the first, where access to Internet and libraries is not a problem.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) expressed a very important view that the Organization has established internal oversight mechanisms that allow them to identify irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important challenge is to identify these munitions as soon as possible and avoid that they do not grow.
The proposed issues would be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The aerosols are to be classified as a non-mlammable, extremely unamamable, unamamrous or chamrous gas:
The movement of indigenous people has highlighted the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It is not concerned that any rule and seemed to be determined to fulfil its declared intentions despite the international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall of expansionist power, using the Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians to live normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this vital task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular in school, should contribute to promoting tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the special sessions of the Assembly to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the United Nations global conferences of the United Nations, which had initially participated in the form of observers, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of a indicator on the safeguards mechanisms of the deposits is easily explained as the public considers that banks are not businesses as other.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization is to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nedor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and should also strengthen the role of our International Organization as a focal point for the international community's efforts to support the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States themselves.
The legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities in the planning and management of disaster preparedness, including transfer, military control to civilian control, the responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that the total cost of the costs was a fundamental need for UNOPS activities.
They expressed a high retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfew in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
The Committee urges the State party to continue to recruit children as soldiers or others, or even to engage in the armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project is an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the electronic dissemination system of the United Nations system through the links to the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppll).
On a further note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary to continue that continued.
It was noted that there was a need to learn from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.o.int).
A 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft document contained in the relevant meeting document, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervising the practical activities of the project on priority areas, particularly production, movements and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Germany, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Japan, Kenya, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Mexico, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Paraguay, Paraguay, Mexico, Mexico, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, South Africa, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Sweden, Togo, Togo, Sweden, Sweden, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Uganda, South Africa.
The French version of the United Nations High-level Information Cell was published.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the vital role of the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the United Nations Expert Group on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention has again been drawn on the need to provide uniform uniforms and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forestry sector (1); a web site for the meetings of the meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to timber (2);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, the neglect of children, ministries of government, the police, including the Central Bank for the Suppression of Trafficking in Persons and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure that relate to language services should be strictly respected, unless the secretariats are not in a position to provide pre-session documents in all the relevant languages for independent reasons of their determination, should, in exceptional circumstances, submit the subject to the subject to which they are subject to or analytical summaries in the relevant languages;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not have the expression “the official language”, [the “official” language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its session of September-October 2000, it recalled the decision by the governing bodies in 1979 that “the Portuguese” was used as a working language in WIPO.
Such a exercise could be carried out in an inventory of the staff's language of staff that should be fully included in the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or the management of human resources.
It is also clear that translation deadlines are added to the normal time frames.
For example, the review of the peer peer review process of the United Nations Development Assistance Committee in order to ensure that trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report in 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general study programmes, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend stereotypical attitudes in the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that children's education is a social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account the dropout of school and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of the third periodic report on the subject of a period of 300 days imposed against the widow or divorced woman before he was left.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that each can be able to reconcile family responsibilities and professional responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll., para.
(b) A fine of 500,000 dollars, as a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence related to the Algenians in Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which the following points include:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to this project were presentations in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This provision includes USD 2,3002,392 for the work and materials that have been made on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 in order to ensure that SEGG would have retained.
The evidence shows that the work of the work in the past-out rates of 47 and 61) were implemented after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of Iraq's employees, for which the assets of projects were left without monitoring.
No other deduction has been made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities have never cancelled the remaining amount of fines (IQD 3488) that they had made the Consortium.
In brief, the Panel expects these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and that it would reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to the major conferences and summits of the United Nations, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various goals established by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the proposed reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
The suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to request whether a more frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
There can be no doubt that such smuggling should be tolerated, including the consequences that are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of the resources of the ocean and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it should be noted that the Secretary-General's report in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if 2015, by 2015, we must increase the leadership of the three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than poverty eradication.
A death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Road detention camp, which is due to the Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has begun in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will be expected only at the beginning of January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who were eligible to participate in the operation, two times when in the Kunduuz and Gardz pilot phases.
However, such means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, at the time of five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country, to move from ISAF.
The activities for which core core resources should be made, including:
UNIFEM strategies
A 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women's Impact on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); No. A minute to lose to the end of violence against women (UNIFEM), 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel believes that the illegal import of Serbian weapons has significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations assistance agencies are currently currently staffed five regional offices in Saclepea (as of Nimba), Vinjama (comed de Lofaa), Gbbarga-Phebbe (comed of Bong), Harper (comu of Maryland) and Zwedru (comur Grand Georg) on which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor had exercised its control over all industries that are very beneficial, lawful or illicit, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Muslim groups would be due to improving the economic situation, opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially the elite of the freedom of liberty and democracy, but also to the work of the law, and as well as the experience of the members of the State party, it was expected that they have been lost from many young people.
Today, the Ministry of Religious Affairs, in accordance with the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1191 mosques in operation, of which 1, 840 could be completed and 1,079 in implementing them.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the Committee on Energy on its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set and to carry out the expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) Member States of ESCWA support to promote the use of information and communication technologies in order to improve the competitiveness and productivity; (b) it will be sufficient infrastructure and computer applications to promote the creation of networks and connectivity; (c) Member States will work to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on the Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Sharia was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define the use of a combination of the fgorithous and road-mlock-free formula, as the different approach is high.
In collaboration with the Law of Law Law Loreore National Labor Laboratory (United States) and the Immigration College of London, the Musumium of natural history continued to assess in-depth analysis of the laboratory-based analysis in a selelel.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the seizure of seizure, its system of attitude and orbit system, and its guidance, navigation and control, necessary to the security approach that are not diverted and unpredictable.
At least two of them (a.e. a Ekran and the Inter-mail of an employee) have occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the associated fragments have not been listed, which meant that they are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghanistan Interim Administration to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the UNCTAD meeting, held in Bangkok in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not conflicting but rather interdependent and interdependent.
• Regional security exceptions
Minimum minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat will prepare a draft letter to be distributed to members of the working group.
With regard to the design of content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that provide dissemination and use through radio broadcasting and users.
• In order to expand its outreach capacity, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in the country where there can be partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as United Nations associations.
Phase 2 has taken place on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which is fully operating in the multilingual capacity of the environmental environment, which is to enable users to choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing the custody of the custody, for the duration of the custody and access to a lawyer during the course.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to operate in conformity with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities for the purpose of prosecuting the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children with protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in harmony with the four-year reference period.
Ms. Shin would like to congratulate Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
In addition, UNISPACE III focused on objectives:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of LDCs in the context of the implementation of the principles of good governance in the United Republic of Tanzania, the support of Italy to the New Partnership for the Sustainable Development of Africa, which includes five LDCs; the United Republic of Tanzania's Development Assistance Committee, the effectiveness of the assistance and governance of donors to the World Governance Forum in Africa, as well as the United Nations Development Assistance Forum, the contributions made by donors to the Governance Forum in Africa, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in response to the lack of reserves of the HIPC Trust Fund, some of them had agreed to increase their contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of debt cancellation of African LDCs and the admission of exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations with Jakarta is standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor seem to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that, as rightly speaking, the Secretary-General, the sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of Timor-Leste to the rule of law and continuing efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the General Assembly Hall in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be disseminated directly on the web and archived web site on the basis at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity, which referred to the Turkish representative, was only one — and I are here of the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local community of Turkey, and no other.
The European Anti-Cistist Association of Anti-Cististball Network also provides that each year, Monecchio, Italy, the “Cracist world world world”, an event at both cultural and sport, which brings together artists and camasures of Europe and belonging to the communities of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on “Making risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all two staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the members of the Secretariat may be eligible for children with respect to the provisions of subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, the other may be entitled to the provisions of subparagraph (iii) (iii) of this subparagraph if it is satisfied with the requirements required;
The review of this issue has resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants expressed a further opportunity for such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East contained in the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against the girl child and the violations of their rights, all of which are often available to the enjoyment of children's access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health care, which are frequently available to the rights of children, and adolescents, and they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation, and violence and harmful practices as infanticide, incest, early marriage, prenatal selection of sex and female genital mutilation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which covers children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Calls upon States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and their call for full implementation;
Convinced that collective action is the best results, it believes that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the intentions of the High-level Panel of Eminent Persons on the reform of the United Nations but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, be included.
See, in general, Bille Practices in Poverty Reduction: Analysatic Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at an early date as possible as possible at the conclusion of the Commission's session, section II of the report of the report, which are summarized in section III of the report of the Commission, which are listed in chapter III of the report on which the observations of States would be particularly interesting for the Commission, and draft articles that it adopted at first or second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers are committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration are at an appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall be held in 2003, in the limits of available resources, at least one session of a period of 10 working days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is in the process of establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What can be the result of industries and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that that happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote reconstruction and we are with us this time.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China did not sign itself, it was not prevented from exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have reportedly died in the circumstances relating to war since 1989, at least half of them would be non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In cases of a breach of women's rights in any kind, the person concerned has the right to take the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In Latvia there are several non-governmental organizations that are devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low size, the low level of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and the degree of information for information technology outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always suffered the indictment that it fails to fulfil the mandate of the United Nations Charter.
It is therefore encouraging that, taking into account the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons eradication plan before 24 December 2002, such as the Plan of Action to carry out the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, including resolution 57/271 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, in the framework of its expertise and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Sir, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we need to act with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist in the best capacity of the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will complement the actions undertaken by the bodies and intergovernmental processes, including at the high-level conferences and summits held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more likely than other than violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Africa Division
Fourteen countries benefited from equal and more than 4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should endeavour to address certain special humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea) (spoke in English): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville-level capacity in the country's technical expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken the control of some parts of the Western Slavonia and the Eastern Slavonia, together with the territories in a single State, “the “the “Burman municipality Serb Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development more than a environmental problem.
This cooperation enables individuals and businesses in developing countries and help to attract domestic and foreign investment for strengthening and modernizing productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan categorically rejects all the wrongness and the disease campaigns aimed at raising the Arabs and Muslims in the light of them as terrorists.
It is, however, behind the discussions that took place before the war and fuelled the controversy, a high criticism of the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see see, it is essential that the General Assembly be able to maintain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council is more visible and more relevant for ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create conditions essential for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As a result of the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the recent future experience would be welcomed.
The process of review was not a renegotiating the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that the overall policy indicators, as at the national level or at the international level, were more difficult to define that indicators for concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should be given adequate attention.
The mistakes of such examples in the report, which could appear to be superficial, were a serious and fundamental reality if it was seen in a political context.
It was alleged to inform the representative of the State party that, after the existence of the historical closure of the past, it was necessary to be able to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been removed, with political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 30
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect on 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries within the framework of their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historical.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
It also participated in a number of ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, the members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of the first national associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions were carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Action Group (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies of the environment, sensitive democratic institutions to the needs of people, the supremacy of the right, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2 195 in June 2005.
The authors of the report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on different and multisectoral evaluations is a productive approach.
Emphasizes that all existing and future peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (OO), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Mr. Vvovich (Belarus), Vice-President/Rapporteur.
Law of insolvency proceedings
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council in the peace process.
The provision of 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General had been briefed by the Director-General of the Division for Programme Development and Technical Cooperation to further enhance the evaluation and develop appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to the conclusion of this approach in other integrated programmes and to adopt such a combined approach, UNIDO's model methodology is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The author's claim on six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for the use of the goods in Iraq.
Although the basis of these comparisons is not ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements to show that UNIDO is a disproportionate responsibility that it manages the entire buildings of the VIC are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations as a clear indication of the late formulation of a reservation and that it is why the restrictions adopted in the last case (such as 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to the extent of the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the common practice, including, inter alia,
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections, taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
Where landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil spills in the underlying waters is in abressed.
Please describe the legislative measures and/or administrative measures taken in order to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of arms are subject to responses to questions 22 and 23 and any other activities that such procedures are considered as an offence under the applicable criminal law applicable to this case.
Space space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopted each year of resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, which, inter alia, prohibit or invaliding all laws and measures that affect the sovereignty of other States, on legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction as well as freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues unabated to any political process and continues to deny the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Contingent-Owned Observation Unit would be called for to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter II of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses who had raised questions relating to the activities of these sites, the type of medicine and diagnostic equipment collected, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and that changes had occurred during the four years.
A ceiling ceiling of 24 per cent and a ceiling rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para. 54).
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice on the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the Act provides for a separate protection for persons who are entitled to strike or participate, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
The equality of access to higher public education provides for the reasons for the secondary school to continue their studies to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and depletion of plant and animal species in some communities (for forests, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current level of poverty can continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (the minimum minimum), the insured persons for less than 20 years have allowed the right to take retirement at the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18/9, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of the force-based force of the stabilization force.
Have you met with problems related to the presentation of names and information information in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Ballistic Rights of War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be allowed in this case, to apply without reservation to the same extent as those of the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have guaranteed the international standards in the protection of children, but they remain without progress.
This approach should be re-established by the Security Council, as it is taboic, anachronistic and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and the truce agreement.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and nationals of third States who have disappeared since 2 August 1990.
(a) We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity, and it is very important.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement explaining his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall now put the draft resolution to the vote.
Under item 117 (b):
The Committee also reviewed a number of claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that claimants allegedly transferred Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,179,983 for commercial or industrial losses resulting from Kuwaiti companies, which will be assigned to the “E4” Committees in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to promote broad acceptance, for the operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate necessary measures and to establish necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since signing the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government needs to be made on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and civil rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is no further global definition of human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
The reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion, in subparagraph 1 (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the following definition for the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the following document and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider new priorities, it was necessary to identify the above-mentioned activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly that established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of the Republic of 1983, which regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Budget and Finance Committee, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the guarantee and effective respect of human rights, universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and set out in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National orientation on space debris, the safety of space objects equipped with nuclear power sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the “Dim-use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
Space object: satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose the financial institutions to implement, as appropriate, comprehensive human rights and vigilance programmes to promote transparency and prevent the placement of funds acquired in the illicit environment;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global system of the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a mechanism for cooperation and inter-agency coordination and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum by removing the Sub-Committee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law in the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the minimization of risks to biodiversity, would be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the recovery of the minimum base salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to the staff assessment rates to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no change was needed in the immediate future.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, high-ranking companies and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Ombudsman of the Roma del Cauca, who visited in Cali to support the land of Cauca farmers.
There is a need to report the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, inter alia, trafficking in persons with criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict settlement.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, in particular small arms and light weapons, will ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons in their countries and promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make some remarks, and first on developments in the course of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a post-conflict situation.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on these conflicts.
We firmly believe that it is credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
It also stressed that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all the actions at the international level.
The Network showed how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for Heads of Leaders of the Youth Employment Network
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to be recognized and to implement a foreign authority of freezing or seizure, or to be based on such a decision to seek its own authorities a decision of freezing or seizure.
Governments have resorted to the law on security in order to justify the censorship of certain information on human rights and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties provided a estimate of the effects of different policies on transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Italy, Norway, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures of broader scope that the only fight against climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector are under this category.
The policies and measures aimed at combating the emissions of P44 per cent of animal origin are concentrated on the decrease in the number of livestock, the reduction of animal animals (Belgium), the decline in the number of livestock, the reduction of animal livestock, in Belgium, the decline in the mrip (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to address the ways of reducing the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which covers renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The Dutch language offers the terms as “time” or “the Internet”, as if the delay of the transmission and treatment of the information collected by any reality, or in any case of the alleged loss of the media.
All countries that have some economic functions in a common way to focus on the fact that the analysis of the function is within the enterprise or between several companies.
Many of the measures that have been carried out in recent years have been impossible without progress on concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources to each of the chapters considered during the previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not decreased during the past two years, although it is less than the other countries of the West African region where the rate of 5 per cent of the region is to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I would like to recall the guidance that we are committed to the establishment of Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that they have chosen, among priorities, human rights, in their various dimensions and the comprehensive design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions imposed more than small countries in the region of the region's limited obligation to reach high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of release, Iraqis began to start with the assistance of their allies and friends, and they are looking forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table is not in a conservative factor, such a category of sources should be used as a factor for a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it occurs in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the economic and social development level, but also policy, which would enable it to consider the status of final status in a immediate manner.
It should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly; this is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, however, there remains much work to be done.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by a lease lease contract to the end of which it would become the owner of the construction and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further consideration of the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review of the Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
The companies are increasingly increasing to submit reports on the effects they may have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the five remaining reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity which have evolved in recent years is the establishment of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual liberty” shall be punishable by a penalty of six months to three years of imprisonment; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or abuse of the victim, or if it is committed to a serious injury to the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the penalty is in the case of two six years of imprisonment.
Various regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, as far as possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida, which is not included on the list, unless the disclosure of such information would not undermine investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for the Peace of Spier, on the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and the Palestinian Government; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURRA has been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had been granted to the Mission of the Mission in accordance with the request expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebels;

In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has pledged to share the responsibility of reducing the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (b.e. the main and good governance, strengthening the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote human rights and good governance, to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (the permanent objective) with special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the reporting period, the Council has considered many major issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania, including Africa.
On security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in north-east in south-east and a lesser extent in the western part of the country were threats.
They called on the enlargement of the Security Council in order to enable it to recover its legitimacy, to be more representative of the global geopolitical character and better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter that you addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the complaint submitted by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the case of the Media case, which should not be done beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of gender mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to support the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session will be from the Eastern European Group, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee decided that this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern on the rise in the age of marriage for the reunification of families is an urgent consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures were taken, such as the provisions of the custody of children and separated classes, to encourage immigrant immigrants to be followed by Danish students.
During the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially those with respect to all, in the early century, the same types of problems, although many different factors, corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the establishment of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable and sustainable activities, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
The Secretary-General
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing requests of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports from national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country on the father's father François Marie God.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, especially in the context of geographic information systems, in the form of data and software systems, to improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. for evacuation routes) and other purposes, to understand and provide the challenges and challenges in geographical space, and facilitate public participation in advocacy and disaster preparedness efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure of giving the words that, I am convinced, we will like to hear our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since last December a number of bilateral consultations, group or open-ended, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view of the view that economic policies faced by cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also opposed to the action undertaken by developing countries, the efforts of developing countries to reduce the cultivation of cannabis in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has undertaken several discussions and public consultations on the legal reform of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students is expected to obtain an end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy at all Guyanaians, reducing disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality care, and ensuring that health services are provided to affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on the remedy of justice, including a bill that provides that lawyers are accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to better achieve their common goals;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The tele-education programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and ministries involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned in the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it endorsed the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between the bodies responsible for the enforcement of laws in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Body of Audit oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of the State's funds by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons that the State possesses more than half of the shares or actions (article 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also ensure the follow-up to operational, financial and personal issues relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Miles”.
Those who have ordered and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan stated that it had concluded with 27 States in bilateral extradition treaties, which included the terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and reported that more than 450 suspects had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Office to Haiti, and with the OSCE.
Technical communications campaigns
One official officer of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
This meeting provided an opportunity to exchange views between the staff of the Department of Public Information at Headquarters and their colleagues in field offices, as well as a number of external experts, with regard to how to manage the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that are important, provided by the Office of the Spokesperson for press points, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who have fire fire or others for livestock, without the authorization of its owners, or local communities surrounding forests that supply water in water, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by one of 6 to 18 months of prison.
The vacancy rates identified in the Professional category and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5 16, 19 and 22) have been higher than the budgeted rates of the budget, including due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary appointments for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
As a result of the Criminal Code, the use of a third party is to be used by a third party, which is not punished by law.
It is, in the case of Switzerland, many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Law to improve the protection of the Civil Courts in cases of violence and ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the provision of domestic housing in the case of separation (Gewgeszyzzzgesetz) entered into force, further introducing the simplified housing and the prohibitions to contact, harass and trace, also a general right to the allocation of marital housing if violent acts were committed.
This is not applicable only if the person was provided to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity allowances or before start to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment benefits has been paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
• In addition to the increasing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on the pre-trial pension;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Federal Government's action plan provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in which the police and police statistics and to carry out a public investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress on Sexual Exploitation of Children for Trade, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems that the sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- The offenders — which is a distinction on the basis of assimilation;
6.4 Judicial procedures in relation to the Algerian Al-Government who committed sexual violence abroad
The prior regulations on the right of custody and the right of visiting space did not apply to the right of the non-family parents.
• Manual for the municipal gender activities in its area, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (S);
- Obligation for all land services and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the free-of-law of the Law of the Law of the Law of the Law, to work towards the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Law of the Law on the Promotion of Women (SächFFFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the S.E.S.S.B.
Social assistance, engagement
Gichichberechtigunguszet “ Konzeus für Orie de Förderung dergleichbebe tigteneleigigig von Vuenen de Määnernerner in Priicklungswzess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as was said, in the Declaration by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question that we look forward to the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the last two years, the debate on the annual theme would focus on the opening statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member States of the International Association of Prosecutors and prosecute.
These measures should enable them to locate and control firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of this trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibrahima Chambambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic would suggest that international organizations were not excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not lose, and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/22 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join previous speakers to thank the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy plan to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a ad hoc working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss a peaceful settlement of disputes that might be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the Council's attention or to be brief to the present time.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the establishment of wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest in greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
The balance, however, must be given the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can use external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including recourse to jurisdictional remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, tangible damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate in-depth investigations all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is currently considering the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism for the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairperson, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to a armed conflict, marks and to destroy or destroy ERW in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition and competition policy, and in particular the commitment to the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Aw Aw
The deployment of UNOCI is in a satisfactory manner, a first group of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor has a very interesting and rich experience in lessons learned to confirm the positive results and avoid failure to avoid the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated at the month of November, and the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Canada*, Canada*, Canada*, Canada*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Hungary*, Iceland*, Canada*, Canada, Greece*, Greece*, Malta*, Peru*, Peru*, Luxembourg*, Canada*, Luxembourg*, Greece*, Malta*, Morocco*, Peru*, Luxembourg*, Canada*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Peru*, Poland*, Portugal*, Norway*, Norway*, New Zealand*, Peru*, Philippines*, Romania*, Romania*, Romania*, Romania*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties declare “as determined to stop the suffering and loss of human life caused by anti-personnel mines who kill or maim hundreds of persons each week, for most innocent civilians and without defence, especially children, impede development and economic reconstruction, preventing the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons in the Territory, and other serious consequences for years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the entire secretariat of the secretariat, for their effective support.
It is in this context that the close links between the man-portable air defence systems and small arms systems were discussed.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international institutions and institutions to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the high and long-term education in the objective of providing assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the appeal made by the Secretary-General for the reform of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realization of measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries has not been reduced in a radical manner.
I firmly believe that for all the countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the group was favourable to this idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral statements by the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations from the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDINS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last President, I believe that I are the first time that I take the floor on your assumption of this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacity of indigenous peoples, the human resources and institutions, to find them with solutions to their problems;
The Committee shall consider and approve the financial statements and reports on the verification of such statements to the Committee of the Budget and Finance Committee, including the comments he deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to highlight that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that national demining strategies are being implemented in order to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short-term priorities, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Office for Mine Demining, and established the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the South-South Mine Action Coordination Centre in Lebanon.
We can achieve a protocol that is contained in the annex to the Convention and should take into account the security interests of the country while we help to eradicate former mines, which, as new, destroy lives and property and hamper efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Fund's pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure is approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
The credit line, similar definition to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
When considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide dialogue between its members and rapporteurs and special representatives to report on their activities.
The world is today about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions set out the need to respect human rights, but it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee endorses this decision and establishes on 2 August 1990 the date of loss for the late Palestinian claims of the “C” category.
Considering that domestic violence against women is in the face of the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a arbitrary measure and the injury to details.
Why are the organizations themselves engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) General Assembly resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and related matters”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The construction and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single, a single phase to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should be devoted to the universal and non-derogable Organization of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World's Children, which is more than a peaceful aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need to operate on the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker Judge Permanent Court for the Former Yugoslavia to count on 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, to whom until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year on changing the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional arms control agreements, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break the impasse in which it is in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Situation of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Aalilia, United Nations Declaration on Diplomatic Situation.
Its effects are far beyond borders and is why international cooperation is essential.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into facts.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, the amount of $1,12 million would be funded from the cumulative balance in the Special Account for the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will examine these two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Women's Equality Fund have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all matters relating to employment of women.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider exchange between limited groups of industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
It also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the COSPAS-APAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) concerning national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that this Party considers more appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi that can help alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen efforts on the national plan in parallel with the international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of the principles, his country believes that the Internet is a unique tool to promote human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet has not only positive implications on human rights, which explains the current debate on new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Prtonton); Mr. Jagdro Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and International Affairs of the Artonton, University of Columbia; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of the Central American Commission for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Oueraogo, League of Consumer of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on the workshops and training courses on combating crime crime related to international terrorism
In addition, there is no clear understanding of macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required in the context of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
This is why there is a need for further solutions to increase the rapid liquidity of international liquidity when necessary, including the temporary provision of special rights rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty will preside over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, entrusted with each year of rotation, is now the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan's governmental agencies are required to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population that they are, and therefore, to develop, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and those of men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and that schools are better able to gain their students.
Multi-sectoral special teams have been tasked with national efforts to combat the growing threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another scope of limited scope on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of female women reported that they did not participate in the decision-making decisions, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in a number of countries, providing advice, demand on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
It is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar to the claims.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(87 report in paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report; and in paragraph 89 of the report E2(3).
Report E2(3), paragraph 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered political crimes, may be obtained.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just reminded that the situation in Iraq is a major challenge of challenges and that we call on all, and we must call on the international community, and the international community must call on the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to reiterate my delegation's sincere thanks to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordinating mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 per cent in Madrid, and 4 months and a half of practical education in the organizations of developing countries.
These groups are young people from 16 to 30 years, women employed in male-dominated professions, more than 45 years old, who were unemployed in the same period, and the workers who, at the time of conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same business under a contract of indefinite or determined time prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement in the situation is less marked by women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than men (55%).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and in the light of the most cruel and more cruel and more cruel-related situation.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, with a full number of challenges that I believe that the Council will be ready to respond.
We will resolutely engage in all initiatives aimed at ensuring compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in the areas of non-discrimination.
Activities planned for the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (in total, one of 2357 million square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United States accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Information Analysis and Evaluation Unit (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as the thematic initiatives that the latter has taken in particular, including trade facilitation, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the business industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psycho-active treatment at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity of the title of the English language, the Commission decided to continue to take such a mandate as a matter of work that the topic concerned “related activities” and to move beyond any formal changes.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the necessary requirements (before recosting): 3002,500 dollars (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission requested the Government to report whether it was envisaged to amend the relevant provisions of the aforementioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, among which participants in weekly meetings on economic and senior government officials, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of the considerable benefits to service the people of Iraq.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has grown almost almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working in protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the constitution of the National Reconciliation Government and to eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution states that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we understand, we have faced these threats, collective responsibility, to regain the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the “food-for-food” programme that would provide the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be studied by my authorities, and we share the right to give our views on the programme as soon as possible.
If a Party considered the need for assistance to halt the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the mistakes, it could be recalled to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All of its operations should be held on the basis of the planned locations, exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism has been established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure that the Parties referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, of the Montreal Protocol, with financial and technical cooperation, to enable them to respect the regulatory measures set out in articles 2A to 2E and article 2 I or other regulatory measures set forth in articles 2F to 2 above in accordance with paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that the telephone, telex and postal services were also being distinguished.
(3) The party seeks to carry out a temporary measure of protection and shall promptly notify the State of any cancellation, suspension or amendment of this measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed language were made, including the court's jurisdiction to suspend the execution procedure until the parties had had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and more important role in supporting the management of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information technology, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen local service providers, or to create such capacity, could require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract to cancel the contract, unless a competent court to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise to the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Proceedings
It is seen that the calculations have been made on the basis of an exchange rate of $899 to 1 United States dollars.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward briefed the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (S/1999 2003): Professor, Robert F. Kennedy to provide in association with Professor Philip Heyman on the basis of the various national and international approaches used to try the State party's violation of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8 November 2002
8 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “mlimate change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the achievement of the activities referred to in the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to that decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance that had been made to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the Styrie and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Physical Geography University of the Stockholm University, Metia, the Swedish World Geography Office and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, a large number of people infected with the virus do not know.
The project has focused on the Director of the RPAK Steering Committee as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use could be made in the debate of the General Assembly in the plenary for matters considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through the skill and perseverance of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the case of dissolution of the marriage after the use of the author, the woman is entitled to its maintenance during the time of the period of departure, in an amount to the amount of the amount of an increase in the amount of a day of maintenance, depending on the use of a person's name, and that it is paid to his personal testimony to the end of the end of the auction, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties on the amount and modalities of payment of such compensation.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget in the school years 1993 in 1997 to 1997/98:
Post-care facilities are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducted inspections to verify that such institutions comply with applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to remind in this regard that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, had equal equality of the part of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also enhance recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of Marche Global on Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the preparation of a programme on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Malhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of States Parties, as it requires, on its programmes, plans and practices, and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo fails to make any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of achieving change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzayv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties that will be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Statements and declarations
Rapporteur: Ishahq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal standards in the field, which are set out in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the case where a special debate would be decided, the theme should be reflected with human rights and to take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not be replicated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations on the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted for the period 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, on the preparation of a mechanism for monitoring and promoting all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
As at the centre of East Timor in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for the purpose of land and development on land and development land.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked to the State Party to conduct a national survey on health and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
Consequently, the duty of protecting the world is also the world.
- This of the two sites through appropriate means (such as “traar or chor);
Some observers have provided a significant increase in the demand for the United States to control Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to draw new directions to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by providing a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has been able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros that have enabled us to start the work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are of UNICEF staff (on half of women), one of whom were women.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has reached the objectives set by the Organization in 1990 on gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, States members of CEOS are constantly and invariably under the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the standards and principles of international law and cannot be assimilated against any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demand consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227 of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the discussion on coordination of the substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have brought the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990) and (b) of paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of paragraph 8 of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, as appropriate, to settle the additional costs of shipment, transport and storage of the amounts of travel, transport and storage of the goods, as well as the delay in accordance with its instructions, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph, with a view to fulfilling the tasks assigned to it in subparagraph (d);
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group were contained in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have a impact on it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Bureau, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international agencies associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Commission on Special Political Affairs and Decolonization (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy mechanisms for strengthening SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairpersons of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote as representatives of participating States;
In general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council has expressed its concern at the continuing level of regional instability and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and their request to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government is submitting to all draft laws.
It was hoped that it would be able to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, in particular that the document in 1991 after the World Summit on Children and the Final Document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the Second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present to the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it was requested, and to provide support for the humanitarian and development challenges caused by the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or acquire real property or assets in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incidents, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2009 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what the indicators are better suited, which will necessarily be different aspects of the right to health, and in the course of the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that solitary confinement of a person detained or detained may be assimilated to acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of their liberty under laws and authority of the State and who is detained in prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular — a detention camp, a recovery centre or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or a interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its impact.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(d) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising awareness of the public awareness of programmes on the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
In some States, traditional and cultural practices that undermine the health of women and children.
States parties should also report that the measures adopted to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular, and health and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, article Canada stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and that most of the children's rights, far from outside outside outside the local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which was the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the Millennium Declaration, adopted by the Heads of State and Government to the Millennium Summit, by which they have committed to eradicating poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population, which is less than one dollar and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government was limited to six years for the duration of labour permits for foreign workers, to ensure that more than Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European standards on human rights, particularly on sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Silergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, the Committee invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean States and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of the national drug trafficking institutions, in order to establish the meeting of the heads of officials responsible for the fight against illicit trafficking in drugs, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources for the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation contained in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated the measures that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for the consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
A alternate or adviser may act as a representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to articles 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explanation of the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
He indicated that its organization supported awareness and capacity-building activities in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group on Best Technical Best Practices and the Best environmental practices and workshops on the management of industry, which had enabled the exchange of best practices on the management of persistent organic pollutants, which had been held in Brazil, China and India; other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterated dozens of times on the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries have to monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies had more complicated the problem of the problem.
Material for inclusion in the Journal at room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadadi, Adviser to the Chairman, to discuss the logistical arrangements and resettle the office of the Baghdad office.
The web site of Agenda 21 for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/reports_enil) on all types of sports activities.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi showed that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún, which had occurred in Doha, had been denied the number of concessions involved on development issues.
Switzerland gives priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army resulted in a new deterioration of economic indicators and increasing poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, which may be necessary to cover the payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extended beyond the biennium during which payment is performed, the Secretary-General shall request the proposed budget for each biennium of the financial period for the period from the time of the political period, to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not enough to prevent violations, also to take strict measures to address the problems of social and human rights that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those of the countries.
The Acting President: Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Tajikistan; Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Liberia; Financing of the United Nations Interim Force for the Referendum in Lebanon, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Administration in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
Of course, it remains vital that each of us continue to continue in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control becomes increasingly important at the regional level and at the international level, and an effective verification, as needed to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to the ratification of the Treaty, have already made a special effect — and in more than one occasion — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and noted the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $270,000, 250 million are planned for the provision of the ICAO appeal.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the origin of funds is lawful or unlawful, only in the form of collection and purpose.
The Bradley report reported that all Council adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would be for the least one year.
Original:
“Terrorism terrorism — the possibility of causing an explosion or to initiate a fire or to commit any other dangerous consequences for the society, the purpose of undermining the public order, to promote the public of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or by international organizations, or to threaten to commit such acts in the same term”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General to devote the universality of the Court.
The participation of the Special Committee's work in the work of the Ad Hoc Committee, as a result of their strong commitment and leadership, is in a position for a great extent.
Now, as the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of engagement.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949,
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now welcome the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union decision to create an enhanced support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to know the truth on past events is essential to prevent the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to understand that the success or failure in any area, if it is not possible, could not mean the Rut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address questions, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres, outlining the activities that it planned for a strategic message selected.
In order to plan and carry out other budgetary changes, we have to review some of our priorities and we propose to redeploy the resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD has been working on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their analytical work, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These products had a low value of national added value.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a very difficult challenge to meet, since the prices of exports had decreased significantly in real terms.
Development strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance related to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for accession to EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that the participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and organizations was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) has helped the Task Force to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its outreach efforts and to facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Group established a database on the Internet, which includes the coordination of policymakers and ICT officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within available resources, the financial and administrative means necessary to the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to carry out its mandate and requests it to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative of a Greek Government to the Transitional Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a female Women's Guide is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil statement, marriage, food obligation, inheritance problems, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo/Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Consideration of the possibility of the United Nations to fulfil the function of the supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue working closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans strengthen their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in case of late submission of a report to conference services.
The Law of International Commercial Companies (International Business Tax Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of the actions assigned to the holder and, where these actions have already been issued, their statements and alternatives.
These services include the management or implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including the provision of the services of the United Nations system, and the provision of services services for persons who are registered and effective in international trade companies, the provision of service services for persons registered in the international trade sector.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some persons on a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop were beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to comply with the projects implemented by national entities, based on the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the monitoring of field presences and appeals was not carried out in the rules.
The return of information also has also taken awareness to the importance of regular project planning planning.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their enforcement agents to use the same format of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities in the prescribed time frames.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The number of staff could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23308, S/23309 and S/2337)
The information that organizations should make and strive to verify, inter alia, the following accounting assumptions for the five years of previous years; internal courts and present; identity of other principal clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing a fair, geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negtetete (United States of America): First, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of rehabilitation and reconstruction, was difficult to address a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped to finance environmental projects, training and health, and programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the payment of payment, there was a need to inform the suppliers of the benefits of the benefits that would be provided by the formal system in relation to other areas of security and the speed of transfers.
• Work for fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with administration, the Federation met many difficulties owing to the lack of clear human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the operation of this system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
Because of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in the past few years, one of the African countries that is hosting its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, accompanied by an appropriate information note, as well as a wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, particularly injecting drug addicts, to reduce the risk of infectious diseases as the virus of human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States should continue to receive the documents under an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “support for the promotion of new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be published rather than distributed free.
The consultations by the Council with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The investigations on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves, which have investigated the author's prohibitions and take a time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment of the Act No. 1015 entitled “Prevention of the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts to legitimize capital or assets”, it is envisaged to expand the scope of the scope of the Convention, even if article 11 (a) of the existing text is “other natural or legal persons which usually operate in the area of financial intermediation, trade in jewellery-bix, stones and precious metals, of art.
It is important to keep its attention to the Commission.
It is also important to reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women are exercising their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers who are receiving three children or more than 16 years of age, or two children and more than women living only, receive a day of additional leave by week, paid according to the average monthly salary.
The relationship between reproductive rights and family law is clearly a direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family, and work was the most important way for the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology technology activities focused on promoting partnerships and substantive linkages (such as technology transfer, sub-contract, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services to increase energy efficiency, with the training of staff assigned to PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to finance the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with additional information that it might wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on the linkages between evaluations, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities on all territory of Liberia and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to collaborate in the training of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Calls upon donor countries and recipient countries to consider, in their programmes and bilateral training programmes of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting gender dimensions;
The Study Group conducted a written exchange of views based on the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, para. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the discussion by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Principal resource resources
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in order to ensure the effective management of their benefits and their rights and to establish a system to ensure that all staff members are physically physically, psychological and emotional, as well as to fulfil their tasks.
• All equipment and individuals are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Developing new modules for the Intranet
The Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters with language for French, English, Spanish and Russian and four language language in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in conformity with the basic principles of its domestic law, to increase transparency of the financing of candidates for a formal appointment and, where appropriate, financing of political parties.
(a) The public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tendering and relevant information on the allocation of contracts, sufficient time to be left to potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of double criminality to refuse assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, the poor developing countries, more than others of the same category, is presented in the following box; it is clear how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “everything except weapons”, the Group of 77 was looking forward to discussing with its development partners, to encourage such policies as a direct contribution to the improvement of living conditions in the African countries, which the international community should provide full support if it was to reach the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the ICT and communication technology strategy:
At the time of time, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation of increasing and to ensure that our President does not fail to do so.
(e) Ensure the maintenance and strengthening of cooperation and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
There is also a need for the timely time for arguments (e.g. they are usually in two days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during the period of consecutive periods, for example, in the following formula: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc.
Members of the Board of Directors of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe that it was a well-defined and useful framework for the revision, re-evaluation and adjustments of the policies in the field of support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system organizations.
In accordance with the resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of activities to the General Assembly, which, in addition to 18 addenda submitted to the Commission or the Assembly.
In addition, it would also welcome the need for the freedom of press to attract the attention of Egyptian authorities on the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, which must therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar of experts to consider the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the same time, during the past 10 years, institutions, initiatives and European legislation are still in the sense of inclusion, recognizing the protection of minority rights as an integral part of the democratic development.
As noted in this collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is most important.
We must therefore create global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open manner, and should also strengthen support for the development of least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where States concerned agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as the exchange of information in this regard;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to implementing more effectively chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the functioning of the global support project for national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidelines of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
In addition to increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Spanish language visitors has been increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after having considered a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items (a), and item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The oil and salt of women are among the most important sources and metal metal deposits (pok, zinc and lead) are very large.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland has reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it does not stop.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, of the deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is admissible only in the principles and modalities provided by the law.
The issue of Northazzzani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring resources to be obtained from supplementary funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table 100 below;
Takes note of the International Fund for Peace: a peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as a major mechanism, in the context of the broader regional cooperation, for the prevention and settlement of territorial disputes in the Caribbean, held in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate, primarily through technical assistance, voluntary participation in negotiations on maritime borders between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities to make contributions to those funds;
Also takes note of the regional ocean economic policy of the Pacific Islands approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and took note of the initiative of the United Nations system to improve coherence in technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels as well as the rebels abducted or suspected to join their ranks, were sent to death on the front line.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecenenen de Byanswerve supports therefore the proposal for the review of the question for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion does not imply a position for or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need to establish the convention on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising of officials and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were ownership of the organization at 31 December 2002, as a result of no burden.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of the recruitment, without which the person had been previously appointed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteurs and the joint mission with the necessary assistance to enable them to fulfil their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse of the 1980s, indigenous peoples are looking at the Bank's failure to resolve and respect these policies, which are often often interpreted as a substitute.
CFAF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, which is the vast majority of OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council clearly clarified that the political motivation should not be considered as a justification for the rejection of requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Formulation of comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of this year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the provision of resources for the posts of the United Nations Office at Geneva and the Office of the Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is set out in accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office for Central Support Services in the United Nations Office at Geneva, is set out in accordance with the request made in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office at Geneva and the additional requirements for furniture and equipment to replace furniture of the use of equipment that could not be repaired, as well as to purchase furniture and equipment necessary for new staff that is proposed to recruit.
It is the provision of a variety of types of marine property for the purpose of which the definition of definition and use is also important for most of the environmental goods.
In designing, they respond to a clear intention and aims for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a substitute station if the technical techniques used are severely altered.
With regard to intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights which affect trade (TRIPS), the WTO members of the WTO provide incentives to transfer technology.
A number of recommendations presented to the meeting concerned the following actions to be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in the costs and overexpenditures resulting from the revision of the approved adjustment rates of 1 November 2002 to the new salary scales for staff and higher categories of staff and the Field Service (two categories) are governed by 100 per cent of the Staff Rules and the level of the number of staff members appointed at lower levels, as well as an increase in the number of staff members appointed at lower levels, as well as an increase in expenditure for the termination of the Mission's posts.
(a) A new subparagraph read as follows:
Description of methods used to identify major sources of reference to the tables of major sources of the CRF on the level of detailed tables 7A1 to 73 of the IPCC Practice Guide
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all cases in the amount of the amounts specified or absorbed, in the exchange data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the topic relates to primary obligations of the State and that the existence of the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves no obstacles to judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of collective action is the rule of the public mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as to their commitment to the heavy burden of trials.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which there are significant measures to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution that we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are not all the same.
They are accompanied by pressure on the basis of which we must accept the amendments or changes that would limit or minimize the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting a part of the World Trade Organization in the spirit of paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the period of nine years, the annual pension amount is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that had been found that they could overlap four claims “E4” claims reported for new or more significant losses, in particular those expressed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that, in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the communications sector.
Globalization of development is also in addition to the abolition of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary crossing point of the border was opened between Israel and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Serbian Government not to sign agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo's registration plates and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK to conduct their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies of their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is a first step in guiding the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link from this site at the global sites sites and the ECLAC website on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be launched at the time of June 2003, in the event of the fourth regional coordination meeting of the United Nations.
The oil price has already already been “war” of approximately 5 million in the last month of 2002 and exceeded 31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will take every effort at the initial structural adjustment by the accession to UEM in order to meet the level of reference defined for budgetary deficits; given their departure position, they would therefore be able to apply in that period, which would have a negative impact for economic growth.
Ahenn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and no part of this ruling may be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroe Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is for example for the cost of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of national integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides the right to use collective action in conflict conflict, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns leading to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a first role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• The European Union-EU Cooperation Agreement: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, in a number of elements proposed by the Special Representative in the EU-EU Joint Board of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms for human rights protection, including through the adoption of a gender-based approach to gender mainstreaming.
The Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations on grants grants
In accordance with the provisions of the consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, that it approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations with consultative status should submit all four years a report on their activities, including support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations that ACABQ had made in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP has undertaken a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects to streamline its activities, better targeting and more effective.
Women's focal points were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs enhances their capacity to implement national gender equality.
Recalling its resolution 57/13 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a feature of the economy of services, and often the large firms in developing countries were small-scale enterprises.
In the area of statistics, data collection, as well as work on a assessment of social implications and impact on development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important than African countries in parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the work of the technical authentication process
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen the institutional and institutional capacities in this area.
Action by States

The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a legally binding international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to sub-item 3 (Sustainable development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8 (legal affairs) and 2 (General General Assembly affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
To distinguish between the two types of cloning, it is intended to try to hide the fact that a human life for the destruction in order to produce embryonic cells or other experiences.
There is a need for discussion, and it seems that there is a need to have the views of views to be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information technology and communication technologies, including the elimination of the “knowns” and would enhance transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month to introduce the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/58/2).
Update of the United Nations system-wide Action Plan for the Fight against Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action on Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, reminding States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and to urge the international community, in the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national programmes and programmes to alleviate the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two local environmental surveillance stations, at the D-Betet-Bonnet (PS 858) and Shisileville (P.150) were officially formally approved by the provisional technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionion-free monitoring station (RN16) to Yellowknie was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a general command and transparency post that has characterized the recent appointments of managerial posts.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have a negative impact on the right to food of another country (e.g. in the context of trade trade).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which are cooperating with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or to update their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
At the longer time, a legal framework for a flexible and effective legal framework could constitute a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of these Territories, whose majority of the people in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities on 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In this ministry, a State Secretariat has been tasked with the promotion of women and women's participation in development, reflecting the commitment of the Government to give specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all the secretariats of the State are participating in the meetings of the Ministers of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the Group of Quadrilrral and other countries for the efforts of LDCs in the area of access to markets, which was supposed to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded the year on a significant cash balance (figure over 44 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to meet the estimates.
Bigig
Maintenance of the agenda
We have provided food, tents, equipment, medicine and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and impoverishing resources in the East Asian subregion.
In the context of their daily activities, women are the main protection of forest species and, therefore, that it is not dependent on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation between developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established a interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up to activities relating to combating terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been excluded from the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association;
Subject to other priorities and resources available, the Government of Belarus intends to advance this process during a few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and the secured creditors was the notion of “public procurement”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it a comprehensive study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be viewed as well as the economic well-being.
The Barbados Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to Prevent HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national response by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that, before all parents, the most vulnerable to that purpose, the duty of guiding the children, to raise a healthy environment, to teach the right of the duty, integrity, accountability, conscience, compassion and service for others, to contribute to the strengthening of families, communities and nations throughout the world;
In most parts of the Middle East, in the West East, in South-East Asia and in some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules relating to the preparation of reports cannot be effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its ability to address civil unrest.
Moreover, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to know whether they wished to participate in the work of this new team and to provide to the Office of Outer Space Affairs coordinated by the focal point that they would designate to that effect.
The Criminal Criminal Law in a certain measure of the behaviour described in this article, but the penalties must be changed.
Indeed, in the urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is accompanied by extreme poverty and work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage direct foreign investment to African countries.
The Group is currently composed of seven persons.
The members of the Committee have discussed the question without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address them.
They supported the military activities of the United States on their territory, as they would not forget their own history; they know experience that the vulnerability and protection of the United States had been provided.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.int/commerce.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Al-Sahouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 with respect to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provides good opportunities for the financial plan and the UNICEF budget.
General
The summary table IV indicates that the proposed number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation is proposed.
The summary table V provides for comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the current biennium and for the next biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance, in September 2002, of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to Cuzco (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, programme of action for overcoming poverty and social exclusion and addressing issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations as well as promoting an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts of the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 6, 9 and 26 December; 6, 7, 19, 19, 19, 19, 15, 19, 9, 19 and 26 March; 3, 7, 7, 8, 19, 25 and 31 January; 7, 7, 7, 19, 19, and 25 November; 3, 9, 6, 9 and 26 March; 2, 7, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 12, 14, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 to 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly with regard to finding concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for proper balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information are based on recent study of the Council of Heads of United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are entirely committed and mainly to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the region can be accompanied by the fact that transparency and mutual confidence can be achieved.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
Without the exclusion of these persons, I take this opportunity to address the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can find a victory when these attacks will have no longer place, since they will go to the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons affiliated to organizations who were treated as terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
This is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks they had been entrusted.
Review process
Statistical Study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of both countries from Asian States wishing to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were the most important importance for the economy of the Group of Experts.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
On the most hand, the delegation of Poland endorses all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
It was noted, in particular, that this sector, which is beyond the control of the State and any taxation, was a significant result in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
C. Non-governmental organizations
The joint programme would enable Member States to take a more comprehensive understanding of the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the core proposals by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the 8 July 2000 Declaration and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the new tanks have been used in this guide and, although other stations were not followed on their example, a normalization of the pronunciation would still be possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to build the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 to 3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various challenges and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is essential to achieve this objective, within the framework of the United Nations, to address a decisive step towards peace in that region.
It should also be noted that better practices should be given to how the solution of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on interpretation of the rules of office of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and by 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or financial resources of persons or entities, including the funds of persons belonging to such persons or entities or controlled, directly or indirectly by them, their respective agents or their successors, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory may not provide funds, assets or resources directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities.
Almost all federal federal law enforcement services have contributed to the provision of basic and advanced training in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Enforcement of Financial Offences (FATF)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of financing and expenditure of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they were not to be done as a mediator, nor to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, including immediate and unimpeded access to humanitarian organizations for the provision of food and medicine, including immediate and unimpeded access to humanitarian organizations to provide food and medicine; full respect for human rights, including the end of recruitment of child soldiers; and the investigation of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not implemented in a general manner and the provisions of different conventions on accountability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts in the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the Law of the Sea, on the development of science and research activities carried out by international organizations or under their auspices; and (3) responses to the revised questionnaire of IOC on the practices of States in the field of science and research, and the transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community on development.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly will request the Secretary-General to submit a annual report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has been ravaged by the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out its family and external recovery programme to combat poverty without support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, for time, for the adoption of the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden the participation of the standardized reporting system, including amendments to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization, which has led some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “a” procedure.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in school, taking into account potentially hazardous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with WHO and others to promote breastfeeding as a best solution to protecting children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned at the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the efforts it continues to carry out bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Germany, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Nigeria, Peru, Tunisia, Tunisia, Switzerland, Switzerland and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall consult on its personal and fiduciary interests and will make every possible effort to be informed on the financial interests of its family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Plan of Action for the implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen the development of technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms, strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration to support research in the areas behind them;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile as well as by observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-S'S welcomed the first substantive stage of the process leading to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, within the Council to the United Nations, has been in a very productive way.
We highly appreciate the determination and belief with which you will have the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
General Assembly
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is being completed and should be completed in 2003.
The DMFAS Fund's self-financing approach to the cost of more efficient debt requirements and the inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a small country with a large population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened by famine.
I have not yet to understand why it is difficult to accept that statement.
Article 2.8, the Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5 provides a reserve fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash contributor to the Organization to respond promptly to the start of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide for full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide goods or goods to a symbolic price of another intergovernmental organization, a government, a public organization or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the loss of losses of cash, goods and other assets, as it should be submitted to the Board of Auditors, at the same time as the accounts, a statement of all of the accounts in the amount of loss and losses.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
However, in their nature, we must impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the same time considered by States in the process.
Otherwise the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and the victims of sexual abuse; it also visited the prison and cachery.
The cost of the alternative of the replacement of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the Chairmen of the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, and to take vulnerable groups for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as their socio-economic conditions, is particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and those who seek land from their own persons or who are taking place against the adverse consequences of globalization.
Why is what is?
My fifth proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of these scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that peoples and transitional Governments of those States receive accounts and implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In the case of truth, the League of Arab States has played the role that it is expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It was also trying to ensure that the inspectors, when returning to Iraq, can work and move on freedom, which was recognized in resolution 1441 (2002) of the Security Council.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their policies and policies, including a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions 1997/2 and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997 and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, one of the two topics of the debate on coordination and evaluation of the implementation, system-wide conclusions;
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Dule can provide the Commission to do so to take a political debate.
Strengthening the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through efforts and increased implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the provisions of the 1994 Agreement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee shall adopt concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be made in a period of seven days after the receipt of the record or closure of the session, if no later than it.
Welcoming the reorganization of the Committee's offices and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of collaborating with regard to issues such as space education and disaster reduction.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of the annual meetings of the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the establishment of a significant slowdown in the current trend of the loss of biological diversity, which will require measures at all levels, including implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of countries.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two cases of the term “performing” and the other cases replaced by the word “National Officers” and the phrase “a” “the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the words “the Secretary-General and the heads of the secretariat of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”.
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the problems encountered,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons in which a discussion was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress should revert to its initial refusal to support national redress and ensure the financing and institutional stability of the payment of the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They have been killed simply because they were Serb and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no prospect of reconciliation, nor to achieve multi-ethnic society based on Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we call on all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to address emergency situations in the field.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a halt to those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this Organization, there will be no zero tolerance against those who seek intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his third concern was to ensure that the non-governmental organization did not enjoy its status with the Council by conducting its activities in which the territorial integrity of a member State has taken place.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50) were held.
However, the linkages between areas, the balance to seek, on the basis of the cost, costs and benefits that they were perceived were extremely complex.
Angola had hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Finance of Oil and gas in Africa in May 2003.
If yes, please describe what measures have been taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to an analysis also have the right to know that such information, for which it is stored and that there can be access.
The criteria for issuance of the European patent Convention are the following: (i) new application; (ii) business activities; (iii) Industrial application.
2 and 17b) of the European Agreement on Road Conetation of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of artists and Authorors, Producing Producgrams and the broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To maintain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent of 49.4 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), the North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (in 50.1 per cent, 50 per cent).
Women and men have also equal rights with regard to citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known in 1989 and couples were more often used to use natural methods and condoms.
The revaluation of the allowance reflects the increase in school supplies, food, clothing and other basic commodities for children, and for the purpose of preventing school dropout, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Programme pilot programme, with grants provided by donors to fund and improve common services provided at 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the strategy of poverty reduction strategy.
A representative that has a point of order may, in his statement, address the substance of the question under discussion.
(e) It would be recalled that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation appointed the Commission to serve as a focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of the intergovernmental commitments in Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Development Programme
We look forward to seeing your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on commercial activities in the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the same, the model of 3, in the extent that the two other of the current system would be used to be used in a number of organizations.
Conditions of employment for Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of mobility and hardship benefits remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalences between the United Nations public service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each of the loans was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and appraisal of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to violence by strengthening the national level of prevention and through international cooperation.
While almost 50 leaders of enterprises were present in the formal launch, prior to the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a very sophisticated international network with more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Rules (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has resulted in a climate of cooperation and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session, (1997), that the General Assembly approved its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Committee for the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The International Association of Women, the International Association of Women, the International Association of the World People's Republic of the Congo,
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the illicit manufacture of illicit trafficking, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and calls for measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes require long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed the Special Committee on Security Questions.
Statement submitted by the Concepts of the Chame of the Charity of El Pasta, non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNODC and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauuro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines,oby-acobyated and Other Arrangements, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1991 annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects)
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in order to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of results and to be undertaken to prepare timetables for outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee was not convinced that three additional posts were required to maintain a military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, taking note of their marginalization and capacity-building to take into account issues related to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the safe clothing of protection, including the bottlenecks of the bstles and military barracks, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, by United Nations staff, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on History, article and Islamic culture (IRICCA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technology to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONDAMs all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of Islamic Islamic Organization, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and throughout the vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve a consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin as soon as possible in the substantive work on the prevention of an arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on external debt of African States and other OIC member States
REEREEE's project for organizing 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on private sector investment and the role of the IDB Partnership in Member States in collaboration with the OIC institutions and also thanked the Republic of Turkey for the workshop.
PENDOT, with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth private sector meeting.
Further calls on Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of conscripts, to grant scholarships to the officers of the Institute to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for the Fight against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope, will receive the Council's continued attention to the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in response to our mission and our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have set out in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive to avoid a possible conflict if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of factors, as they require highly skilled and experienced staff and include a growing risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, the UNCITRAL Panel asked “recommendations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of an analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine the economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions that call upon the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of resolution 1455 (2003) of the Security Council, the Foreign Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of individuals and entities on the consolidated list and asked to prohibit the customs transfer of imported goods or goods by those individuals or entities and to confiscate them in the territory, and to provide to the Customs Directorate all information on the basis.
Calls upon States to review and reform the appropriate legislation and practices in order to address the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide to the Special Rapporteur all data that have been collected from all relevant information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the implications of terrorism and the effects of combating terrorism on the exercise of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee did not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 would be supplemented by an amount not exceeding 200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see improvements in services that are proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, as it allows everyone to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, which everyone may take the right of all rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction, and that the individual has duties to the community where the free and full development of its personality is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working in UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance, within the broader programmes of assistance to capacity-building, capacity-building capacity-building, to enhance the focus on training and ensure that programmes are being implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Division, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they were estimated to 211,115,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or a location where their lives is in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers to leave a country where their lives is in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, which resulted in undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly wishes to that suggestion.
The General Assembly must take the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets however, however, that there is still many countries that have not yet been adopted in some regions where ballistic missiles remains a pressing problem.
In view of the opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase in 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft general convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As stated in previous instalments, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence of evidence, with the balance of the applicant's interests to escape a war zone and that of Iraq, which is responsible for loss and damage directly to its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State addresses the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority are aware of hatred, glorization and offer moral, human and man-made moral grounds.
If we wish to conclude, each will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Israel has put a halt to the occupation of our territory, which continues to dispatch settlers, which continues to violate their rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made in the mechanism for a clean development mechanism and to take appropriate measures, and recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporation in its decision on guidelines to the Executive Board in the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988 all local elections were suspended, the Government of the Pinore Court has tried to improve the provision of local services that resulted in a number of reforms, including the area of income sharing.
In accordance with the Commission's resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Board that the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “General of disputes relating to indigenous issues”, in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional and international knowledge”; and in 2006: “Children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a subvention to be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document had been raised.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 Availability/proposal a document connected to an act of terrorism, neglecting the existence of this link (10 years old)
In real terms, the expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Consequently, there is no question of the exception of the right of peoples to combat their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is mandatory under the process of the Convention.
A number of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Conference for the Announcement of Development Activities of November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only 551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the work of the State party is subject to termination or termination of the contract of an employee and, if the authority of the State of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer, this risk may interfere with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress of Fiera Milano, Milan.
This process is recognized and designated as a “in transition in transition or knowledge of knowledge) or not all development, which enhances the acquisition systems of knowledge, release a human potential, provides better knowledge and guidance to social, economic and political life, with a view to bringing a society of this new phase of development.
Mary Ann I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons for personal and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in indicator identified by the Friends of the Presidency should be included.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Attribution of non-permanent seats in the field
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph (d).
The representative of any regional organization or organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide the necessary guidance to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies that will be adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislation on equality between men and women, including in the area of representation of women in different levels of government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the safety of all personnel involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment and registration laws and a bill on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent developments in the recent recent period of events at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth highlights is the fact that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate 44.1 million in income, including 26.7 million in income from the West Bank in the year in the year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions concerning the development of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, generally, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005 the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increasing with the years.
One of them would have been carried out in the primary entry of university, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after an organized event before students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, in connection with the controversy on the question of the “in way of enabling” and the e-mail of coal, which had been destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions that were held with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the objective was to address the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past under the form of the proposed texts in the hope of us to move from this political impasse.
We look forward to increasing the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
Let us seek for peace, as we can be able to ensure that we are truly trying to achieve a determination and political will.
I wish again to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will be a time when there is no change in political attitudes, lack of a new commitment to cooperation in the Saddam Hussein regime, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this connection, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council vis-à-vis the Baghdad regime still remains the main factor for cooperation in Iraq with the inspectors and is also the primary condition to find a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Entities that are responsible for financial securities;
As we have stated, Egypt has signed or ratified all the conventions of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build confidence in the next day, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Magistrate
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia have always become a large public and one third should be opened, both in Adial.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of TNCs capable of engaging in the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Croatian Government has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to ensure education and science in the field of social advancement.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the General Assembly Hall in order to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and rules concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union affirmed that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the secretariat divisions have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent attributed to the project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the Division for the implementation of the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those for emergency services, therapy, and other services for the purposes of the equipment, and for children, as well as the conditions in which medical personnel provided care are extremely difficult.
Does this policy has a meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and pursuant to its Constitution on compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
The employment was slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and shortages of fuel and shortages have serious repercussions on urban transport, increasing production costs and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
To verify that the applicant's transfer of transfers is in the bank and wishes to transfer a higher amount of $100,000 or equivalent to another other.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules provides that:
It could, for example, be suggested by the Secretary-General, to establish a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions would be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision bodies.
