Let me emphasize that we will continue our initiative and cooperation with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the COP at its seventh session had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission the issue of a consistent pattern of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms by any State, in particular colonial and other independent territories, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation policies.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include, in general, a detailed land cover database prepared by the LCC system and a range of support sources collected together with the dynamic Atlas warehouse.
The co-sponsors of the system are FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council for Science (the Scientific Council).
Studies of 77 medical programmes that cover almost 600 million beneficiaries show that 78 per cent of the programmes have established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries have used them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once the suspect is prosecuted, any material that has proven to be guilty (e.g. that the defendant has voluntarily made a senior police officer) must be carefully reviewed and subsequently accepted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong activities.
A copy of this opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guvo does not have the arbitrary nature of the principles applicable to the Working Group's consideration of the cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers emphasized the vital role of the United Nations in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors under the auspices of the Security Council for this purpose.
We pay particular attention to raising awareness of the health of individuals, especially members of the armed forces.
China welcomed a series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Council, to raise awareness of AIDS among peacekeeping personnel, to establish a Special Adviser on AIDS and to revise the code of conduct for peacekeeping personnel.
During its regular session in 2003, the Committee had before it a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America concerning the alleged violation of the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights by the Indian Movement, “Papi Amaru”.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of the interests of persons with disabilities.
31 HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
The view was expressed that, given the generally positive attitude of creditors, it was inappropriate to allow a small minority creditor that was not represented in the total number of creditors to decide on the process of affairs.
The Staff College also further used information and communications technology.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff of the College was 37 specialized personnel.
IMO publication performance 45
Office
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other bodies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to accept these organizations in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to subsequent action by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of them, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the efforts of the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the Chair of the limited membership body and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in the inter-sessional workshop.
Following the judgement rendered on 2 November 2001 by the Trial Chamber, Miroslav Kvočka, Mluado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoranć and Milojica Kos appealed.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
States parties to the Organization of American States undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that compensation should be awarded in the amount of USD 8,439 for the work shown in the claimant's work, as shown in the amount of 78/90/426; compensation in the amount of USD 26/90/421, 27/90/4011 and 28/90/495, and compensation in the amount of USD 1590/243 and 160/9020,2907 for work of the claimant;
Annex I
Mr. Stephanine (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to remedy the inherent deficiencies of the Tribunals, the issue of the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the late 1980s and early 1950s in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
While we are convinced that the search for compromise should not be linked to important international treaties, such as the Rome Statute, we remain of the view that the members of the Council must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards finding an acceptable solution.
The adoption by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, by a majority vote, of resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation”, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimate nature of the call for an immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations is from various multilateral documents, which I would like to recall here today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs to rent vehicles and premises and to secure security, which became an important source of income for the Somali factions.
All attempts to manage fishing in Somalia have resulted in a large volume of funds falling into the private hands of the various faction leaders, which have contributed to millions of dollars over the past 10 years and partly to the use of private people and to complement them.
Paragraph 4 reads: “A person who is aware of the purpose of assisting or assisting a person who is planning, facilitates or carries out an act, shall be punished by specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on action by the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: Towards a Society for the Twenty-first Century” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 155 and 800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace over the sea off the occupied area of the Al-Hahan river, then headed to the area of Helmand, before landing near Darm.
- Constitutional adoption in the form of a referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Until 1988, the University and College of Myanmar cannot award doctoral degrees.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, events in recent years have shown that the coverage and implementation of the Convention remain incomplete and cannot be adequately addressed to the growing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, the tariff ceilings for developing countries are still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Terrorism
(In addition to the 10 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the largest donor countries)
Annex
The highest level of unemployment between men and women, 20-24 years of age.
Samoa's geographical proximity and its good communication and transportation systems make centralized services accessible.
In addition, health-care services should pay attention to the notion of “health” and actively promote health as an asset.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women becoming entrepreneurs, especially in small businesses.
At present, the trend towards marriage is constantly changing, the age of marriage for women is particularly late, and in 1991 it is 24 years in 1991 and 27 years for men and 27 years for men.
Calvoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey, Apia Youth
My delegation reaffirms that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must comply strictly with the provisions of the resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map on all aspects of the process, including the transfer of mandates, will help to establish standards, which are unacceptable to a durable solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
High dependency rates may have a potential impact on orbit to reduce the effects of proximity.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division continues to carry out its programme of work as detailed in previous relevant resolutions, including through regional meetings, further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on Palestine, the production and dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of Palestine and the opening of the annual training programmes for staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States, from its Okinawa base, transported depleted uranium to South Korea, carried out a real war deployment, and released on 8 June 2005 the United States “Temporary report” to reassess the “American defence cooperation approach”.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to adhere to all multilaterally negotiated legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
The drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of appropriate indicators.
As far as drought-sensitive maps of a State or region are being prepared, we favour the second approach, but careful research is needed.
Mandate 1.4: Assistance in the compilation of online desertification terminology ( Coordinators: Debicki)
Energy
In addition, some participants emphasized that issues such as human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment are of a cross-cutting nature and that they should be recognized as essential for achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers that have been sent to Central Asia must be checked at the port of transit, before being loaded with ships to ensure that there is no prohibited goods in the country, as it is concerned about the smuggling of goods.
The second may be considered directly by individuals (e.g. before it the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5 F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) Strict prohibition of any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in work, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic injury.
Salaries
Summary prepared by Stefan Kröl
Case 5455: MAL 34 - Germany: High Court for the Hamburg Declaration; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
However, it must be voluntary in two categories; it is not covered by the definition of the topic (more than its scope), but also by the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that there are diverse patterns of democratic political systems and free and fair elections in the world, based on the specific circumstances of countries and regions and on different backgrounds,
Anice said that the contract period had been extended by agreement but had not been formally extended.
With regard to interest, the Panel cites paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
The terms of payment of two contracts with SEPL are similar and each contract has been paid in a portion of the Iraqi dinars and the rest of the United States dollar.
The Panel finds that Ta did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, the value of property or the existence of property before 2 August 1990 in Iraq and Kuwait.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The individual's employment contract provides that Mongomery is obliged to pay the travel expenses of each employee from Kuwait at the end of the employment, Montagoms, which states that each employee has an outstanding date to travel.
The heroin killer machinery is still operating as fast.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and drug trafficking in Afghanistan, they must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and tools.
Fifty-eighth session
The study shows that migrants experience racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of daily life.
Two recent missions to Bunia, 28-30 January 2003, MONUC, which was dispatched from 3 to 4 February 2003, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) identified serious human rights violations, including gang-rape women, extrajudicial executions, looting and burning houses.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been dealt with by the Rapid Response Return Financing Facility, a joint mission of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing rehabilitation assistance to returnees.
The Albanian Government commends Mr. Harri Holkeri for his appointment as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract foreign investment because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The Education Programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, in particular female schoolchildren and the provision of informal education.
1.78 Improving institutional capacity-building processes and managing reforms to maximize institutional roles, improve quality and efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families with special difficulties
microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1 “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27, A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster began, we will conduct the identification and verification of the identity of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of the intergovernmental bodies so that they can achieve common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, including a comprehensive committee composed of members of the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agreed to continue its chairmanship during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Institute for Agriculture of the Dominican Republic has worked on women and calls upon them to exercise the equal rights of women proclaimed by Law 55-97.
(a) Strengthening of the exchange of information, in particular with regard to terrorist, terrorist organizations' activities and sources of financing and other necessary information;
Concerned also at the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that the goals of these reforms are not understood by all principals, teachers and parents, especially in rural areas, and that the implementation of regional implementation is not consistent and that there is no mechanism to monitor and evaluate implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) To strengthen efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors and to pay special attention to children below age;
The Committee recommends that the State party fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention into legislation and practice in the area of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Law (1998). The Act introduces and promotes the concept of foster care as a means to reduce the number of children in shelters.
The majority of the replies submitted (59 out of 104 replies) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities sometimes participated in planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often repeated that the promises that will be assisted in this process, but as in other statements made in these hole offices, they prove that they are merely a mere one.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundations for the noble task of maintaining peace must be broad and complex security concepts.
The combination of these factors, often increasing demand for indoor heating and transport, is one of the higher causes for the use and GHG emissions of energy in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7.b. Trends in GHG emissions by sector, 1990-2000
The Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as requested by the Guide.
An in-depth review of the national communications from Annex I Parties (to be conducted by 31 March 2003) indicates that progress has been made in improving the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and the inclusion of them in the projected scope of simulations.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation levels might increase or decreased by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States indicated that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties generally consider data quality acceptable.
Details of the modalities adopted by Parties are found in section VI.
Despite the increasing availability of technical assistance, the request for direct United Nations observation of elections has been reduced.
Special attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the selection of electoral systems.
The delegations will emphasize to the Congolese parties and the countries of the region the importance of making progress in the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council for the first time to make it extremely appropriate to better protect the critical issue of the protection of civilians in armed conflict as the subject of a briefing.
Indeed, he is committed to all these aspects of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is an urgent issue that deserves deeper discussion.
Mr. Pfanzar (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to begin by expressing my delegation's pleasure in seeing you preside over this meeting.
The European Union is deeply appreciative and fully endorses the commitments made by the Security Council on the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to emphasize that, despite the fact that it is ultimately necessary for the Afghan National Institutions to address these issues, there is still a need for further deployment of legitimate and powerful international security forces to build the necessary security environment and trust in order to enable the Bonn process to end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is caused by the hands of the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I should now like to briefly bring to the attention of the members of the Monitoring Group's recent activities and the current work, so that the members of the Council are able to understand the realities of the present country.
Finally, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in her delegation, and to thank the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat for their outstanding efforts to progressively improve this vital United Nations instrument in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit to you the summary of the fifth informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which is part of the Netherlands' efforts to an FMCT.
Languages used by the Joint Advisory Group on International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
Therefore, we believe that the paragraph does not correspond to international law and German law, and we cannot accept it.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to advance the peace process, and we have actively assessed the recent decisions of the SAC summit on the issue of profitability, and we call upon the international community to provide assistance to the SAC peacekeeping force.
• The award of ISO 9002 for the price statistics programme; and three other outputs are being requested for such certification;
(a) Personal data to be issued by law, regulations or other authorization; and
96 per cent of respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had participated in international cooperation projects over the past five years, and 5 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices had only participated as recipients in international cooperation projects and 11 per cent indicated that they were only donor participants and 29 per cent of respondents indicated their participation in international cooperation projects as donors.
He called upon India, Israel and Pakistan to support efforts to universalize as non-nuclear-weapon States to accede to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmadh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Status of implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
Many countries of the African Group face transport problems, from African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the field of e-commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided
Ms. Molaroni (Saint San Marinoo): San Marcano, as we have done in the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: The representative wishes to speak in explanation of vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I now give the floor to those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 attempts to cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently sent them to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, in particular in the regions, remains limited.
However, the practice of contemporary international claims proves that certain organizations have been accredited to enjoy the legal qualifications of all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has seriously affected its strategy implementation, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner for Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR will only dispose of half of the funds necessary to maintain its activities in 2003.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and circulated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
Members of the Committee shall be 18 persons elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Equally divided votes
If the Committee or the pre-session working group considers that the information contained in the report of the State party is insufficient, the States concerned may be requested to provide additional information, as requested, and specify the time limit for submitting the information.
Conference and hearing
Establishment of working groups and special rapporteurs for specific complaints 18
Article 45
Procedures for determining admissibility
filling casual vacancies 20
Military leaders are not segregated from these combatants, and they are integrated into all forces that have been repatriated.
The three individuals were later beaten by José Mazema, who died as a result of death.
As determined by the review, high-quality services should be provided in a timely manner, which should be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be organized in other areas of affairs in the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The volume of the transaction shall be designated by the registry of the commencement of the transaction and, subsequently, the transaction records relating to the transaction shall be maintained.
However, due to the availability of these translation services in the local market for a much lower cost, it is not feasible to calculate the fee on full cost.
2.1.12 The Pension (Amendment) Act 2002
“Equal” packages: a set of reference materials for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 The 2001 appropriation is funded from the “Special Initiative on the Adult Programme for Living Poverty” (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and deals with all employment-related issues, including employment opportunities, employment conditions, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
Therefore, the current right to adoption leave is attached to 18 weeks for adoption and eight weeks of optional (not paid) for adoption leave.
The table below shows the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of child-care facilities funded by the appropriation.
The Department also provides funding for a voluntary organization aimed at reducing violence against women in the community of Ireland through a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men, requiring them to recognize their own violence and to assume responsibility for ending violence.
(b) Maternity leave on paid maternity leave or on equal social benefits, without loss of original work, seniority or social allowance;
Article 8
The updated list will be transmitted to the central authority responsible for border control, irrespective of when the list is updated.
However, the outlook for 2003 remains affected by uncertainties in the current global economy.
Although the level of education and health of the people itself is a good goal, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The Initiative is a direct response to the objectives that have not been achieved by the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, in chapter 40 of Agenda 21 - the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess progress in some of the environmental objectives set out in the plan.
ESCAP will hold a regional working group on the application of space science and technology in the river in 2003.
Under Variant B, the signature requirement may be satisfied if “data message” contains “electronic signature, both appropriate and reliable”.
Until recently, WHO has collected data from two sources such as the National Health Survey.
According to other information received, the Committee noted that the savings were a direct result of several over-expenditures and savings, including over-expenditure of $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, over-expenditure of $6,292,200 for the acquisition of power-holders, over-expenditures of $528,600 for health and clean supplies, and over-expenditure of $142,700 for public services and other project overruns.
An assessment of the role of microcredit as an alternative financing option for higher credit.
Before the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal proceedings, 8 appeals against the final judgement of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from those work.
In addition to the conflict, which is of great concern, there remain two major issues that the international community has not yet done so, despite the good intentions and the adoption of resolutions at various forums initiated by the Millennium Summit.
Mr. Tazn (Togo) (spoke in French): We have met again this year to assess our actions and to identify steps that can feed new lives in our organizations.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concerns about our well-being.
Human resources management
In accordance with certain criteria set out in advance, exceptional reports are certainly more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, codes and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to consolidating and strengthening emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including early-warning activities on humanitarian aspects, with a view to, inter alia, taking effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting from mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations for the people of Western Sahara, as stipulated in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there was no significant change in the Organization's situation in funding sources or other international non-governmental organizations affiliated with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has assumed the administrative responsibility of the competent “development programmes for vulnerable groups”.
Various studies have been conducted to evaluate public information coverage and public media programmes from a gender sensitive perspective.
Draft report
These specific gender issues are taken into account in health-related programmes.
Education is once again vital.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Union
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as an incentive for the employment of persons with disabilities and the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been abolished.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final effort to reach this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The text of the draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To this end, the State party should take appropriate measures to inform the public about the remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian populations and other members of ethnic minorities continue to suffer from discrimination in fact.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on the remedies available to indigenous peoples for land ownership in indigenous communities and for environmental damage caused by traditional land.
The Committee emphasizes the responsibility of the State party to assist “expulsion of tenants”, and recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give greater prominence to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report information on the review of cases of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law with a view to defining the scope of the concept more clearly.
Although the Committee has repeatedly requested, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and has not submitted periodic reports, nor has it submitted additional information on the situation in Bougainville requested by the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates on population composition in its subsequent report, as requested in paragraph 8 of its guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 on the self-closure of members of specific ethnic and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of submission and that the Committee's observations thereon should also be made public.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would make a statement thereon.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to publish, on the national website, national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and the CRF, and to inform the Secretariat of the accurate web site of the World Wide Web for these publications;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, can be demonstrated by the inclusion of space science in the Third Vision Plan of Malaysia, which is a key activity in building a knowledge-based society.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and condemns the communications received from the Permanent Representative of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to any national space carrier rocket project to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account that such programmes could be used to hide ballistic missiles programmes;
The approach of the side is likely to be the international community that seeks to break down a fine, will and resolve to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and its staff; general operating expenses for the maintenance of other equipment for communications, office automation and office staff; supplies and materials; and purchase of office automation equipment.
The draft recommendations were considered by the Intergovernmental Working Group at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As a result of the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 (XVIII) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly will increase the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) withdrew the term of office on the vacancy as at 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
Pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considered this issue every two years in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as the focal point of programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its mandate and with its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating the functions of each other.
The Kenya Family Planning Association is a voluntary non-governmental organization, established in 1962 as a pioneer in the Kenya Family Planning Movement.
Please describe any structures or mechanisms that your Government can identify and investigate the financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban within your jurisdiction or those who support them or are associated with them, groups, businesses or entities.
The meeting was chaired by Ger Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations must also receive sustained financial assistance in order to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in all regions and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of responding States indicated that national policies provide equal opportunities for access to services, irrespective of gender, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers, increasing their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected by HIV decreased by 20 per cent by 50 per cent by 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women receive antenatal care and that services can reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
Countries need to maintain effective responses on a long-term basis, and strategies must be developed and institutionalized.
Review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that there are new features as follows:
These workshops and conferences were held in conjunction with the annual meetings of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognizing the increased responsibility of WMO, WMO, at its fifty-fourth executive board, agreed to set the WMO Space Programme a priority.
New strategies were requested to promote data availability and availability in order to enable observing systems and programmes to benefit from the application of meteorological and researchers to address global environmental issues.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in Timor-Leste.
These institutions and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs ( Department for Disarmament Affairs), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) In any other period within which it participates in the performance of any activity to be considered in the mid-term period of the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay took place during the period of such activity.
The second option was chosen and the last sentence was placed in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526 was that subparagraph (iv) (current paragraph (d) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any directives that the controlling party might have issued by the carrier, rather than any modification to the terms of the contract of carriage, since it required the parties to the contract to agree together.
OIOS also found no succession plan for appointment or replacement of staff on investment management.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other countries that have encountered such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects that improve corporate social responsibility in the developing world, which could lead to a significant increase in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing countries in developing countries in developing a clear and realistic approach to corporate social responsibility, providing training and tools for SMEs and promoting corporate linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be submitted within seven days of receipt of the record or the closing date of the current session, whichever is the later.
For documents that have not yet been issued, the estimated date of submission and issuance is indicated.
To create employment opportunities and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implemented international programmes to help countries develop action plans for women's employment within the framework of the Poverty Reduction Strategy.
Transport at the airport 6-970 8
He regretted that the meeting had not been agreed on reducing agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once reached, would bring about $50 billion of income for poor or affluent countries by 2015, would contribute to the rescue of 1.44 million people worldwide from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation and maximize the power of international cooperation to increase investment for the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and national discrimination has been studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the priorities of the Ministry of Forestry was the implementation of the revised Forest Law (Law No. 97/07 of 8 August 1997) and the development and ratification of the Strategic Action Plan, including the establishment of a joint patrols with customs officials, the establishment of a National Forestry Sector Observatory to improve the management of natural heritage and protect biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant bodies of the United Nations, including at the country level, to give due consideration to the reports of the Declaration and the Special Representative, in their capacity and work, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including those at the country level;
At the same time, she also welcomed the Joint Ministerial Statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
She highlighted in particular the recommendations made by the Ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
Complaint
She also noted with concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Bureau had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace and fully implement the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification is needed on the proposal to prepare some final performance report (para.
His delegation wished to see the technical analysis by the Inspector on the basis of that proposal and hoped that the Advisory Committee would favour the recommendation.
(b) Integration of user groups into the development and implementation of management plans strategies under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will be composed of five existing positions: Chairperson, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their share of their gross national product as ODA, to reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to enable developing countries to integrate into international social and economic, to benefit from globalization and to narrow the gap between them.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the parties should be strengthened on a stable basis, and the granting of observer status for the Community in the United Nations General Assembly would contribute to that goal, strengthen cooperation between the parties and enhance the capacity of the parties to secure world peace and regional security.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The relevant Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to the Protocol.
The Controller had just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarifications at its informal meetings.
The Committee takes note of the lack of information on the practical implementation of the Convention, although the report contains a large number of information on the legal provisions that have been effective since the submission of the previous report.
Introduction
The report and replies are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of the rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to conduct adequate investigations on the facts that took place on 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish the responsible person, to counter the complainant, including the provision of fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee of the steps taken to address the above observations within 90 days from the date of the present decision.
As a result of the fact that the perpetrators of the torture were in the hands of his right, his right was seriously injured.
4.11 With regard to Amnesty International's report of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party submits that the organization began in the report, which clearly states that the report does not make a judgement on the risks faced by the complainant in connection with the activities preceding the departure, since it is unable to carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The Committee's consideration of the question is whether the complainant is forced to return to the Sudan and is in violation of the obligation under article 3 of the Covenant, i.e. whether there is substantial reason to believe that a person would be in danger of being subjected to torture in another country, no expulsion or return to that country.
Facts submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party submits that the cases of ill-treatment which were isolated in Spanish prisons cannot prove systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to present its substantive contribution to periodic review and to present its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of all aspects of insolvency law in such cases.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and during the commemoration of the anniversary of the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001, expressed this position with President George Bush of the United States, stressing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from the serious threats posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first secured creditor, which is registered, can protect itself by verifying whether the encumbered assets are encumbered when the secured creditor obtains its security right.
A alternative or supplementary approach is to require the identification of the names of the assignee on the list of persons by the secured creditor who has been registered with the person in order to avoid situations involving third-party creditors.
By limiting the level of information on the relationship between the parties in the public record, the system of registration based on notification has enhanced the level of confidentiality of relations between the person and the secured creditor.
However, by means of a transfer of legal controls over the secured creditor's performance, it can also be done to give a functional equivalent to relinquishment of possession.
The consultants work on the drafting of the guidelines under expert support and guidance.
Reaffirming the view of the World Conference on Human Rights held in Vienna in 1993 that there is an urgent need to eliminate the phenomenon of deprivation and human rights violations;
See chap.
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, trafficked or detained women, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly targeted or particularly vulnerable to violence, while others suffer from discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air, and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should commit themselves to the establishment of a global security environment for cooperation, trust and trust in order to ensure universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the dynamics of acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons in some countries.
In many cases, trade, environment and development programmes have used project activities as indicators of achievement rather than targeted indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
A thorough review of the information presented during the reporting period is not carried out.
The spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, the delegation of China hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue on the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) in a peaceful and just manner.
Requests this response* to be circulated as a United Nations document for use by all representatives under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of implementing the recommendations for the replacement of 132 computers.
Annex
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; Application of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; Adoption of the agenda; Election of officers for replacement; Admission of observers; Organization of work, including the sessions of the subsidiary bodies; Dates and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; calendar of conferences and meetings for 2004 of the Protocol; Adoption of the report on credentials.
He noted that those least developed countries that had managed to diversify their exports into their exports, had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, demonstrating the link between poverty levels in a country and its ability to diversify productive structures, and underlined the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
Opening of the session under the chairmanship of the President of the Council.
European Community
While some progress has been made last year, the Special Rapporteur has outlined the continuing concerns, as well as the priorities for implementation.
More than 300,000 people in the world die from HIV/AIDS in 2003 and an estimated 5 million people are infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), bringing the world's virus to 40,000.
While the first HIV/AIDS pandemic is regarded as a health issue, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by such collaboration have led to the recognition of many factors related to women's subordination to the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International liability for injurious consequences arising from acts not prohibited by international law
fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow in the establishment of an effective and reliable judicial system and has been limited.
The events of January 2003 gave rise to a huge burden on the new defence and police forces in Timor-Leste, resulting in a procedural violation of the law and a violation of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should reflect more appropriately the core strategy on the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as all aspects of the Millennium Project, since they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by countries and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) Advisory Board of UNRWA: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends, within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, a review of the current arrangements for support to the Security Council, streamlining of such arrangements and, where appropriate, integrating support capacity, improving the efficiency of activities and making full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the level of information technology resources currently proposed for the recovery of the amount of $4,800,600 (not recosting) for the expansion of resources amounted to $110,800 (see paras.
In its consideration of the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had made proactive recommendations and discussed conferences and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of some $200 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights sector previously under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control programmes were coordinated with the host country's national AIDS programmes and civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moreover, the terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica or the absence of genuine enforcement of such acts are punishable by law by articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code, which provide for the creation of a State or an international organization which is a terrorist act.
In this regard, the Act is intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code concerning illegal organizations.
In the case of the Foundation, its legal status is established in accordance with Act No. 538 of 28 August 1973 by the Foundation Act, which stipulates that “the appropriate legal status of the Foundation shall be recognized, and that a non-profit entity, such as the cause of the public, deploy a fixed asset to use or assist in the conduct of education, charitable, artistic, scientific activity and all activities that promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, the Congolese armed forces currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the camps and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee consisted of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme budget for the Special Committee for the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 based on the number of approved activities in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made significant progress towards self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in migration to coca bush cultivation, while in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug processing points had been moving from rural to sub-urban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to facilitate the exchange of information on the use of new characteristics and the use of substances used” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of material control;
Solomonone Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• To allow access to all documents that are considered to be relevant to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, exchange between government organizations and enforcement organizations, conference records and computer files), and to allow for appropriate forensic analyses in the field or elsewhere (e.g. by hand, copying).
C. Attendance
Communication No.
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Zambia ruled that he continued his detention without reason.
3.2 The author also considers that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant has been violated, as criminal proceedings continue to exceed 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request for the exact time of the author's son's execution and the State party's receipt of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of his own, his or her daughter and the Sun, the Committee considers that, in the absence of a mandate, it is necessary for the parties to present a convincing argument to send a communication on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Trial Chamber granted the Minister's appeal to the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the Court of Appeal ruled in the “This extremely difficult case”, although “the dispute” was frank in the evidence and properly balanced the elements of conflict.
The State party also adds that it is clear that the risk of violation of article 7 must be positive and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences for the repatriation of a person are that rights may be violated.
Communication No.
To this end, you have the right to claim pensions under this Act.”
The military officers in the region during 1990/ 1991 were Amirashe, and then died shortly after a terrorist attack.
Consequently, the State party provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of legislation on age discrimination as a response to the findings of the author's case.
The Convention's body that authorizes `accountability and consideration of the communication' is the Committee, not [the Committee].
Facts and contentions
Comment by the author
They noted that the State party did not contest these arguments in its Opinion.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bailCabal, but on 2 August 2001, bail orders were set aside for bail in appeals.
In 1989, all detainees were held in Melbourne Centre, but six weeks after the opening date, and the new detainees must be held at the Cobburg reception centre.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education law (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Ordinance (the Presidential Decree on the Curriculum) prohibits their own publication of textbooks in the language of the State.
3.8 The author also states that Norway's law on the right to a right since ancient years is in itself in violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of the Norwegian courts.
Conversely, the interests of the Sami people have been guaranteed through the granting of a mechanism for the passage, if the former does not establish adequate grazing rights in the reindeer grazing area.
On 4 February 2000, the commissions reached an agreement to recommend to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was impossible to see whether the Supreme Court had no doubt about the fact that the Supreme Court of 1897 had held bias against the Sami.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with murder of Mr. M. and on 7 February 1997 he was in detention awaiting trial.
2.3 The author states that the receipt confirmed by the PPA indicates that the date of the application to the Court for the author's application is Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had committed the charges and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, which could be suspended and ordered to pay compensation to the complainant for 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal also failed to rule on this request, but on the basis of the State party's request, it was reasonable to expect that negligence had always been linked to illegal administrative decisions in domestic law, and that the Government had legal responsibility (the Administrative Court, 26 January 1973, Driantz., p. 77).
At this point, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that “the author was no longer able to miss the head and could better consider the position of the people, such as that of his victim's life, because it had been accepted by the author's insistence on the use of Clorazil, the possibility of recidivism and the hazards of society would be very small, with the possibility of neglect”; “Clorazil was very successful”.
The author drew attention to the Committee's decision to Berry v. Jamaica (No. 33/1998), adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), which was adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sofia and the Bulgarian Electricity Company case, Permanent Court, Judgement Series, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The substantive cooperation needed first to require Iraq to fulfil its obligation to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, or to declare the relevant items and activities for destruction, or to produce evidence to facilitate a conclusion that there are no prohibited items or activities.
We in Iraq have welcomed the fact that there are no prohibited items and, if so, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
An obvious example is Iraq's declaration of heavy explosives HMX: some of the HMXs issued by the IAEA at the end of 1998 in Iraq have been made available to the Cement Plant as industrial mining.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [as observers] during the first [second]/ [third] days of the Conference] [the activities of the ad hoc expert group] [and continue to participate as observers in [third]/[ ]
Currently, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and east of the south are considered regions with high- and medium risks.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated economic and social coordination development, which is necessary for the development of the whole category of individuals.
If the State does not guarantee its right to survival, these communities will not be able to fulfil the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution.
There are also some enterprises that have experienced popular protests and political resistance, or have taken into account the cost of engaging in sustainable development at the core of human rights, prefer to stop, cancel projects or not invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Law on Money Laundering and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are also fully used to freeze funds relating to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations without delay.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the relevant statements, at the meeting of the Credentials Committee, credentials have been received from 40 States from representatives to the second session of the Assembly of States Parties in accordance with rule 24 of the Rules of Procedure, namely: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Slovakia, Spain, Senegal, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Spain, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Senegal, Spain, Senegal, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic
Annex
Article 8, paragraph 3 ( Voluntary Association and Funds), of the NGO Act provides that aliens and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone is entitled to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and its benefits;
Under the terms of the Fund, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and do not compete with other similar businesses in the field.
The first class was opened in June 2001 by the Standinavia-British Culture Management Training Platform (NBP) and the European Centre for Culture Management (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some e-business processes (OECD, 2003) which are likely to be of interest to States have been identified, and some definitions have been elaborated:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technical surveys and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the work of the Commission.
The President: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17 entitled “Questions relating to disarmament and international security”, under cluster 9.
Step 3: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the necessary services and assistance to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
There is no legislative provision that defines racist crimes as a crime of racist motives, nor does it provide for the courts to decide on these crimes, taking into account racist motives.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the adoption of strategies aimed at strengthening (e.g. through health and education intermediaries and in the form of Roma language counselling).
A special review of the issue of equality between women and men recommended the development of a policy to mainstream gender equality in the country and recommended that such a policy be piloted in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary care or treated in hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes trade unions, multi-enterprise unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary labour unions.
If a female worker is sick after childbirth, her post-natal leave shall be extended and the specific time extended shall be determined by a department providing preventive or therapeutic medical treatment.
Following the opening of the Mission, the 800 telephone-line programme carries out a number of tasks and actions and has been constantly being assessed and expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue fever was also included in the list of forced-detection.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and incentives, 278,611 students registered in the subsidized sector between 1994 and 1998, show a further 10 per cent increase.
These schools are also benefiting from the focus of the National Investment Programme.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of the meetings of non-governmental organizations and specialized organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional groups and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the academic research community to participate in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed the issue of common education, including the maintenance of school enrolment, attendance and graduation rates for students throughout the period of compulsory and non-mandatory education.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on the Integration of the Follow-up to the United Nations in order to integrate and coordinate the implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
An annual meeting of States parties is being prepared in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and constraints in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for greater technical assistance and capacity-building support from developing and least developed countries in this area, including policy analysis and development, to enable those countries to better evaluate the development impact of multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives and human development and institutions, and, for that reason, the Declaration committed themselves to working together with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
Purpose of this instrument
Early warning and hazardous sex education should be sent to affected communities.
Most border checkpoints can be used through satellite connections.
The signing of the present document by the parties, neighbouring countries and the United Nations means consent to the provisions of the plan.
From 1990 to 1999, in the overall school enrolment rate, the index for primary school enrolment in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92 and the index for secondary school school enrolment rose from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to the age paragraph, but the evidence discussed in the present report covers only adults.
In developing countries, disparities in health-care knowledge and behaviour are fundamental reasons for the extent of education for infant mortality.
e Data refer to pupils (at university students), excluding students (at the university year).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, as well as on the work of ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and the final agenda and their statements, the list of supplementary items, the memorandum of the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly, the report of the General Committee on the status of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the status of the General Assembly, the status of the status of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the report on the status of the report on the status of the status of documentation for processing and the status of the status of the status of documents, the General Assembly, the report on the report on the status of the report on the status of the status of the status of the status of the status of the status of the draft resolutions and its resolutions and its resolutions and the status of the draft resolutions and its resolutions and its resolutions and decisions and its resolutions and its resolutions and its resolutions and its resolutions and its resolutions and decisions and its resolutions and decisions and decisions and decisions and its resolutions and decisions
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the delivery and editorial functions of reference information in order to minimize the delays in the processing of documents.
Subprogramme 2
All of those acts were contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which stated the illegal nature of those acts and demanded Israeli withdrawal from the land, but the impunity of the Israeli authorities.
My delegation also wishes to express its appreciation to the United Nations for its laudable action to alleviate the impact of natural disasters on human society through coordinated efforts by the international community and to pay special attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session on children, which provides us not only with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990, also provides us with an opportunity to further commit to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
More than 100 million children still live in extreme poverty and 100 million children do not attend school, and more children are undernourished; about 150 million children are undernourished in developing countries, and about 1 million children under five years of age die every year from preventable diseases.
The Plan of Action is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, repatriation and reintegration.
Annex II to the approved posts for the Professional Level, 2003
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report on its missions to the region.
Summary of the activities of the expert mission
Response:
I have received the corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes the close relevance of the international economic, commercial and financial spheres and the implementation of the right to development, and in this regard stresses the need to broaden the international policy-making base on development issues, fill the gaps in organizational institutions, strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and emphasizes the importance of greater and stronger participation of developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including through active measures to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this issue at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment, in various parts of the world, against migrants, especially women and children,
Recommendations
In addition, there is a more close linkage between each other and more existing freight forwarding companies seek to establish joint relations with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Part III of article 14 of the Penal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective, irrespective of the legal provisions of the place of the crime, as long as the aircraft or vessels flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or marked by legal navigation are committed to the public.
Does Tajikistan, as a party, have any relevant bilateral treaties relevant to international conventions and protocols as extraditable offences?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F. Arias Permanent Representative
Investment requested may include specific and specific assets, resulting in the cost of emplacement and the extension of transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The President made a statement.
Slovenia's legislation obliges all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to cooperate in the fight against kidnapping.
Members called upon the parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll
Owing to the overlap in the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, the approach to the division of financial responsibilities between the two departments has increased the difficulty of coordinating.
The statistics on the use of audio-visual materials, disaggregated by sex, will also be important given that the family has an audio-visual basis.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are a goal sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because I can say that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey as long as they are achieved by a democratic approach, through participation by all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that, even if the latest measures presented at the end of the 1990s have been adopted, they may not fall short of the Kyoto objective.
Affirms that dialogue among cultures is largely enriched by the common understanding of human rights and that international contacts and cooperation in the field of encouragement and development of culture can bring important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations were of the view that the responsibilities and circumstances that were often referred to as “non-State actors” should be examined.
However, some delegations were of the view that the perpetrators who agreed to help identify the truth should be given special treatment.
In contrast, 16 countries made indicative pledges in 2000 for 2001.
Let us work together in order to make this day a concrete effort in this Committee and other multilateral frameworks, with full cooperation, especially through the full political will shown by the capital of the United Nations, as well as a clear national priorities.
Secondly, the media has been widely reported, and the report of the Monitoring Group contains worrying facts that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately as soon as the discussion of a item is concluded, if the time is permitted.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the Seminar shall be held in public, except for persons deemed to have been held in private in exceptional circumstances.
It is clear that a real and lasting peace in the Middle East cannot be achieved without resolving the Israeli relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievements will depend on the active development and participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. Vasiliev (Bulgaria): First of all, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us an opportunity to hear such excellent briefings by Ambassador West village, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) To improve treatment programmes using best medical findings, with careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
We are responsible for the audit of these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by insurance for field staff, contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of contingent-owned equipment systems, taking into account the changing workload of the missions, and that the Department agreed with the Board's recommendation.
d Under the terms of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total assessed contributions to the Member States for the period ending 30 June 2001 were deducted from the amount of 18,068,67 dollars, or $5,580,000 in the unencumbered balance of $12,488,67 dollars and other income.
In order to commemorate the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working conference focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their strong work in close coordination in this regard and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue the reform of its security institutions, while confident that the international community will continue to support the reform of the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of the ex gratia tariff regime as an essential mechanism to facilitate access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 is to consolidate the fragile foundations of peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States and by those possessing nuclear weapons is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I expect full cooperation by delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for crop crops, plantation and livestock have decreased the relative profit of forests, resulting in an increase in deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the area in September 1994, recognizing the seriousness of the conflict at the time, as a result of the receipt of complaints from various fronts on the various types of mercenaries.
Discussions at the second Expert Meeting on the legal definition of mercenaries were also expressed as a need to amend the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will notify the Committee as soon as possible.
If a further assumption is that 30 per cent of the investment groups cooperate in re-insurance and require 50 per cent of all risks to commercial lenders, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs are paid from the original payment of the project sponsors or beneficiaries, the value of the investment of $200 million is likely to be up to $27 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991 on the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Importation of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal in Africa;
At the Ministerial Meeting of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States and Donor Countries and International Finance and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), held in Arta, Kazakhstan, the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “improved challenges and opportunities for improving transport systems and economic development in landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8), and provided additional details on trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with the World Trade and Environment Seminar.
These items are or have a high value, or are of a more permanent nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite and put the world away from the poverty chain of humanity.
We need to uphold the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, big and small, comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
Is we of the debtor a country that will always be self-sufficient in poverty?
We firmly believe that these modest reforms will make the interests more interested in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate on critical issues, so that decisions can be implemented more easily.
2003/3 Programme and budget for 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and bodies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular with regard to the activities of developing countries, especially least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities would not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries and landlocked developing countries and landlocked developing countries.
Iraq now has a Governing Council, which is the first truly representative body in the country.
Both have identified the road to peace, and all people are at the time of the date of freedom.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of Korea is a mixed President that contains certain characteristics of the parliamentary system and varies from a purely President.
In general, there are two instances of violations and compensation for this.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Ituri Brigade of the Mission is composed of 4,800 authorized military personnel, including four battalions and support units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions since then to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some persons suspected of hiding weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and assess areas previously inaccessible.
The report identifies, inter alia, a number of matters for action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “best practices” with the words “best practices in implementing the results of the annual programme of the Department”.
In the objective, replace the words “in the context of the Millennium Declaration” with the words “the priority objectives of the medium-term plan” with the words “the guide, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration”).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, coordinate with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, and encourages Governments to organize conferences, seminars and other activities on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education at the regional and national levels, in coordination with OHCHR;
Discrimination against persons with disabilities
Noting Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolutions 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/7 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4).
Sudan
Systems providers, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure a secure, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and system-setting.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO convened a technical conference on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility in November 2002 to identify strategic approaches that could strengthen the participatory process of national forest programmes and establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur considers that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve a lasting and lasting peace.
He noted the preliminary measures being taken by the Committee on the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the role of Southern Sudan, which was governed by insurgents, to strengthen civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Mr. Alexander De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-919; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In this process, dialogue and consultations must be held with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus,1 on behalf of Kenya,1 and Yemen,1 introduced a draft decision entitled “ Expansion of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continue our debate on the issue of the annual declaration and prior notification of ballistic missiles and space carrier rockets and the improvement of quality.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to open curricula for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
Cases of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia rightly describe the importance of justice in the most difficult process of achieving national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly will require a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department in the event of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As to the Tribunal, it will be held in accordance with the request of the United Nations Headquarters, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To promote dialogue with the major groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, businesses, trade unions, scientific, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to facilitate the participation of these groups in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is headed by the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-makers has also been supported to take into account the social issues of water, energy and the environment in their policies and plans.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of the Member States concerned, in the timely delivery of disaster relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association of Voluntary Work also has a voluntary liaison representative, who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations, and will present periodic reports and communications on United Nations activities to the Board of Trustees of the International Association of Volunteer.
The jury subsequently makes recommendations to the Government, which will be strictly followed and evaluated.
Ms. Rodrigues (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed on behalf of the fight against terrorism, which was being used as a pretext for torture and the suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern about the attempts of armed elements to cross the ceasefire line, as well as the serious consequences that may arise, on 29 and 30 November, by the ECOWAS and French forces.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 38 per cent of friends: 27.2 per cent: 0 per cent in school: 58.8 per cent, or persons with a working relationship: 7 per cent (complete information): 25.0 per cent
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not vulnerable as a group, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the material, social and economic environment that they are unable to control, thereby increasing their risk.
The different groups have specifically expressed their common concerns, but they have agreed that social vulnerability hampers their full potential and deprive them of their voice and rights.
The absence of family members has been affected by medical expenses and the dumping of earnings for members of the infected family.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappeared as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles fully review the responsibility of international organizations from the perspective of international law.
The Commission had rightly maintained an appropriate balance between an international organization equivalent to an intergovernmental organization and, even in the context of the possible excessive limitation of the scope of the draft articles, the harmonization of definitions of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
States have the primary responsibility to protect refugees and other persons under UNHCR's responsibility; the core of UNHCR's mandate to protect refugees, as well as other persons responsible, is to exercise international protection in a more coherent manner, when the State is not in a position to do so; UNHCR must ensure that registration is the identity of the beneficiaries, which is a very useful means to provide protection and assistance to the beneficiaries and to address their problems; and to give greater emphasis on systematic and durable solutions, including through partnerships.
Taking into account the growing and close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies, I have reassessed the status of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Government of the Sudan and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision to design super-priority in the financing of purchase-money-laundering is that the priority should be given only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the acquisition of goods.
The benefits of establishing such priority claims can be promoted as social objectives.
For creditors, clarity and results are equally important to the details of the priority rules that are predictable and effective identification and determination mechanisms of priority in the delivery of credit, as well as to the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signature is the President and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to look at all shipments entering Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for a large number of human and sophisticated inspection equipment, while most countries in the region do not have such human resources.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, an average of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods per month.
(Agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
Therefore, the United States Government must vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed, in principle, to support the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the results of the voting, and she added that delegations had come together to change their main thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as “the discriminatory performance shall mean the treatment of the different persons, which is wholly or primarily dependent on the race, place of origin, political opinion, color, belief or sex of their respective identities, which are subject to binding or limiting, and the other categories of persons who have the privileges or advantages that they have not been able to enjoy without any restriction or restriction”.
Persons with disabilities are entitled to non-discrimination and equal access to these services.
The placement services are provided by the company's headquarters and district post-secondary centres (including the Ganzi Islands).
Since the rules applicable to each category of persons are different, the Regulations also distinguish between “child”, “child” and “mouth”.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children live in the kindergartens, of which 173 boys and 150 girls.
The list of cases is disaggregated by the place of residence, with a total of 68 such areas.
The pseudo motu can only be granted in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies follow-up checks in antenatal clinics in the gynaecological hospitals.
The use of land is a major challenge for Malta, given the size of the Maltese islands (316 square kilometres).
A mentor scheme and partial support were also provided to provide for special student services.
Malta favours the idea of culture as an expression of a broad personal, social and economic value.
The document considers the creative activities of these people as fundamental activities to ensure sustainable development in the country as it has the potential to bring economic values to society as a whole.
1989-1981 Notice of rental and sale of the Housing Authority
Despite the major efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to seriously hamper the sustainable development of African societies.
I am particularly interested in the transfer of financial, debt, market access and technology and experience.
In the development of countries, the importance of trade cannot be overstated.
These procedures also apply controls over the management, surveillance and appointment of auditors of accredited associations.
It must be reaffirmed that all persons with disabilities are entitled to protection, non-discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of human rights, and that “any violation of fundamental principles of equality or discrimination against persons with disabilities or other disadvantages of discrimination against persons with disabilities are incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities, which are a violation of human rights of persons with disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the informal paper by two States, in favour of a comprehensive convention mandate, namely, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, and the attempt to regulate other forms of cloning, i.e. the selection of future States parties, or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, or through domestic legislation.
C. Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and without objection, I shall invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the Council at an appropriate time.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of the issue of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to move ahead with the anticipated crisis.
Illegal separatism of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and aggressiveness poses a threat to the foundations of the international system.
The month marked two and a half of the crises in Israel and in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, which were insecurity, the political impasse and the growing economic destruction of a growing number of two and a half years.
Therefore, my delegation will make the utmost contribution to the sustained efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who have been persecuted for the cause of justice, such as the ban on the presence of American forces or the struggle for the independence of the State.
He will clarify and further elaborate on this approach and the necessary integration into human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section 13 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The employment and unemployment rates in almost all countries in the region have worsened, although the most serious situation has been the case so far, as these countries have experienced serious economic crises.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, there is a policy conclusion that is easy to discuss scientific facts.
The exclusive organization and external resources are the main source of funding for most of the assessments.
The process of making results a relevant scientific policy is equally important as the data collection process (see www.unep.org/DEW/water/water/water/Marine Assessment/report/IPC-water.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Multilateral discussions among developing countries on the Working Group on Domestic Regulations are becoming increasingly interested.
Case study of Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to indicate this issue annually to troop-contributing countries.
Responses to this issue are referred to in paragraphs 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements and refugees were denied access to effective asylum procedures.
Furthermore, under the guidance of this concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, which would be a central issue for the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” remains controversial.
On 23 July, a grenade opened fire on the United Nations aircraft in Valdivieso.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic reports of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicates that the Government and non-governmental organizations of Brazil have participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the report was adopted by the Government or the National Assembly.
The students are the most active school and science and mathematics.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends awards in respect of this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and welcomes the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Coordination of the implementation and activities of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges in the Aral Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting in changes in fish stocks production rates, growth and mortality; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals gathered in the Arctic, even though their sources are scattered over a decade; (iii) oil development must be coordinated with the conservation of fish and the protection of clean environment in Western Europe; and (iv) the increase in sea off-triggeries from 1990 to the Western Sahara.
Several delegations expressed the view that uncontrolled fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping, as well as climate change, posed a real and sustained threat to the Arctic marine ecological environment.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters and to put the voice of the United Nations at every corner of the world;
The programme agreed with the other results of the global entrepreneurship monitoring, namely that entrepreneurs need support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, France, University of Lyon
Mr. Yves Regez, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitrant (Romania): Mr. President, since this was the first time we spoke during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the post of President of the Conference.
With regard to the model of verification, an integrated approach and a focused approach have been proposed and have been widely discussed.
Since 1987, there have been 2,454 Palestinian housing in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) as a result of the failure to obtain prior construction permits, resulting in the loss of 16 and 700 Palestinians in their homes.
Its special investment portfolio currently stands at about 100 loans, which are valued at more than $500 million; $3 million is spent on 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will use and build on the broad programme implementation experience gained by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I should be grateful if you would have the honour to refer to the most recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
During the same period, over 10,000 students received scholarships from Eastern Europe, the USSR, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 Census, three per cent of women and 5 per cent of the population aged 15 and above have completed the high-secondary industry, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8, the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18, and district hospitals increased from 96 to 131 and health centres from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Union will also work together with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative ways to provide advice and maternity leave services to adolescents.
The same curriculum is the same for men and women, and the children are exposed to the same collective movement inoccer, cadmium, yellow, and others.
Indigenous youth have noted the experiences of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are also familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey, as an observer for the First Conference of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, declared its intention to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates also play a catalytic role in defining and clarifying the issue.
However, everyone knows how much harm can be caused if terrorists have access to weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we have seen only the beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the Secretary-General's efforts to modernize the human rights treaty system, in particular with regard to reporting requirements, which have created an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the various accounts of peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Political — military issues”
The composition of subsidiary bodies shall take into account equitable geographical distribution and the type of principal legal systems.
In the first phase of its work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States enact legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001) and that they have taken steps to become parties to 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism and that they have established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Chapter 7 of the 2003 report of the Economic and Social Council;
The Mechanism for the Initiative includes a steering group organized by target countries, donor countries and lead agency organizations.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
The protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication play an increasingly important role, first and foremost as a factor in promoting and implementing these goals, followed by indicators of social and economic sustainability.
To make progress, we need a frank dialogue and concrete proposals are needed.
Mr. Tvora (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum that are members of the United Nations: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my country.
The individual commissions can also play an important role in the discussion from the bottom to and from the bottom-up.
It was said that a proposal to be submitted to the Subcommittee on Fund-raising at the National Conference and to the Committee on Finance of the Senate during the first session would be amended to article 956 of the Domestic Taxation Law, and it was important to re-establish the Federal Government's decision to eliminate most tax-free tax laws.
The members of CEB generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and consider that the recommendations of the report were acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles to the receipt of data on atmospheric and hydrological networks at the global data centre, the SBSTA requested the secretariat of the Trust Fund and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and ways to address them, to be submitted to the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China is interested in purchasing crude oil from Kazakhstan and signing an agreement with that country in 1998 involving a Chinese company in the development of oil resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution states that the status of international treaties is higher than Czech domestic law.
Law No. 106//1999 Coll., on the right to free access to information provides for conditions related to the right to free access to information and provides basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO states that the reconstruction project increased its rice harvest by 12 per cent in 2003 and partially offset by a sharp decline in the harvest of maize due to last year's drought.
Integrated child disease management programmes under the Health Strategy of the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste for a week to five years.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit by the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste strengthened cooperation in all areas of education and science.
Legislation based on this policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the national police and public administration, with full respect for the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was resumed using the wording used in the Secretariat proposal (para. (4) (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para. 74, and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China had not attended the meeting as an important signal and therefore urged all Member States that had opposed the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
As a result of the increased experience in the use of the procurement card and the use of the Payroll Net software, the limit has increased to the amount of $2,500, which will be spent on all card transactions.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of the recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will implement this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore domestic stability in Iraq.
The development of sustainable, free and contaminated energy is a key element in achieving the goals set forth in the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Long-term cooperation and exchange between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Level 7 retains the executive management of ODS.
Conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
International organizations associated with programmes often consider statistics as a tool for developing, implementing or evaluating health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action set up in June this year, the European Union has decided to concentrate on efforts to implement a number of measures.
The European Union and its member States are actively committed to seeking consensus in the Conference on Disarmament in order to negotiate a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and its mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards the above goals can be summarized as follows: encourage the elimination of nuclear threats in the Middle East, the firm maintenance of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the adoption of concrete measures to ease tension, the arms race in the Middle East under the auspices of the United Nations, the control of all States of the Middle East, the accession of all States to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the strengthening of cooperation and confidence-building measures among States of the Middle East and confidence-building measures between States of the region and confidence-building measures between States and States of nuclear arms and confidence-building measures between States of the nuclear arms-building measures between States and States of the region and the region and the world and the nuclear arms-building measures, and the region and the world and the region, and confidence-building measures, and the sovereignty or States, and the world, and the nuclear arms-building measures, and the nuclear arms-weapon States, and the nuclear arms-weapon States or States or States or States, and the sovereignty of any treaty or States, and the Treaty on their nuclear-weapon States, and the world, and the world, and the world
My delegation is aware of this unfortunate situation and, in this context, reiterates the call made by President Olusegun Obasanjo, which calls upon the international community to try to conclude a legally binding international instrument during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago in order to divert arms from non-State actors.
Other corruption discussed included the protection of “reporting persons” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned at the acts and manifestations of violence and discrimination affecting religious intolerance in many women,
Such an analysis must be carried out directly by the institutions and programmes concerned.
Where the publication programme has been identified, the Division shall update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach cannot be seen as a reform, but can only be seen as a cancellation of the mandate and objective and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be given the necessary administrative support to the scientific and technological centres.
(a) Legal representation on matters related to scientific and technological centres shall be held and shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict areas and has participated since 1952 in a number of conferences convened for this purpose.
Like a number of countries on our continent, Ethiopia has suffered long-term suffering as a result of conflict and war and its consequences, and in this regard it may be more suffering than others.
It was reported that the project against the abduction of children was another important event organized by UNICEF in the Sudan with the Office of the Committee for the Elimination of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the President.
The Committee takes note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and emphasizes that programme managers of the section must comply with regulations 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue, what can we be possible to promote the Organization's reform objectives, not to say the goal of promoting peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Policy on Women adopted in July 2000 provides for active action to increase the percentage of women in government legislation and executive bodies and at all levels of political parties to the country.
Source: Status assessment and analysis.
14.5 Use of women and family planning approaches in rural areas
In a statement issued to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated its support for the Road Map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolutions affirm the need to end Israeli occupation of Arab territories and must empower the Palestinian people so that they can exercise their right to self-determination and establish an independent State on their own land.”
Abbreviations
The regulations I have found in my previous report remain unchanged, namely, the fact that the aircraft is often flying on the ground and then entered Lebanese airspace from the north of the UNIFIL war area, thereby avoiding the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the renovation of the premises should make access to the building more accessible.
The report also discussed trends in the scope and methods of the use of contraceptives by married women and migrant women in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community had a strong commitment to the survival of humanity, the representative of Morocco also noted with regret that more than 100 million people in the world continue to suffer from poverty and hunger and that climate change had caused stability in many countries and that millions of children continue to die as a result of the lack of drinking water and sanitation, and that the disease continued to cause thousands of deaths, the gap between the rich and the poor and the poor, and those unsustainable production and consumption patterns.
Other matters
Recalling the resolve of Heads of State and Government at the United Nations Millennium Summit to take measures to ensure, inter alia, the respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, the elimination of the increasing number of acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and the promotion of harmony and tolerance among all people in all societies,
This trend confirms the declining trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the meeting.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that, while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there remained much room for addressing the main issues in the region.
The growing concern about the control of soil salinization and the reduction of nitrate pollution in groundwater is rising.
The observance of this World Day could re-establish the support of States in the Convention and facilitate the sharing of experiences and knowledge.
The travel shall not be paid 40 per cent of the allowance if the journey is less than ten hours, or less than 10 hours, when the travel is left on the ground.
Repatriation grant
The work of this regional intergovernmental organization concerned a wide range of issues covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such declarations require concrete action by States at the national, regional and international levels, including specific measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed a delegation to Ramallah to support the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including by improving the electoral law, to increase the number of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, with a view to realizing the right of women to participate in public life in all areas, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to encourage, inter alia, a variety of educational options for girls and boys, and help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding remarks of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the significant negative impact on women, especially indigenous women, in the recent changes in British Columbia.
The Committee is also concerned that the Law on the Governance of Indigenous Peoples, which is currently under discussion, does not deal with the discriminatory legal provisions that still remain in the other law, including the issue of the rights to matrimonial property, identity and ethnic affiliation of the family.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations on the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and welcomes in this regard the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund has established two awards, one “best reporting prizes” for women journalists, and another is the “the most gender-sensitive” Award for men and women journalists.
Research will be conducted in the media and peace fields, with special attention to Latin America and the African region.
In December 2001, a meeting with international non-governmental organizations maintaining formal relations with UNESCO was held on the adoption of the Plan of Action entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World”, in December 2002, in collaboration with the UNESCO Centre for a Culture of Peace, with a project entitled “The Heritage and the Culture of Peace”, with a view to promoting dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local population and the general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the basic characteristics of all phases of the value chain.
From 3 to 8 May 2000, the Controller participated in the NGO ADB and ADB sessions organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibility of adopting a civil society model for the successful rehabilitation of prostitutes (particularly taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be considered as the sole attributes of women, and in fact it should be the joint responsibility of women and men within the family and society at large.
The elimination of all nuclear and biological weapons in the world is a long-term objective of the United Nations.
Increased commitment to troop-contributing countries is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has assisted post-conflict peace-building without deploying any military personnel.
China, India and the two countries were largely on track, and therefore the world's potential to reach the world by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have stepped up their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to be slavery through violent means, the voices of people, the destruction of free consent and freedom of expression, which are the foundations of all civilizations.
It takes advantage of the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order in our societies and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism and should be seen as an invaluable means.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.5, which was considered at the ninth meeting of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which has been considered at the twenty-second meeting of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2, which has been considered at the twenty-first meeting of the Committee; see the fourth periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UZB/4 and Add.1, and the report, at its twentieth session, and the Committee.
The law also provides that the Commission on Learning and Skills should take full account of the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, and disabled persons and non-disprisoners in its functions.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the field of science and technology include: “The review of Lord Greenfield Men”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for further action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the fields of science and technology, and highlighting the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of science and technology.
Two members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union were also represented as Vice-President of the General Assembly, and two of the four ministers were women before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See annex 2, table 10.3-10.5 (Article 10, pp. 9-10).
Specifically, the Government has proposed a plan of action to address the low rates of rape and conviction.
This document takes into account the observations made in 1998 on the Action Plan for Consultation and provides a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to put an end to such violence.
In the case of effective international and local contract dealers requiring the United Nations or management to accept the terms and conditions that are not acceptable, or in the event that the re-licensing of such contracts will be cost-effective, the Authority may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
The tripartite process set out in resolution 1483 (2003) has made tangible progress.
We believe that, regardless of the level of progress in the renegotiation, compliance with the date of 21 November by resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of mutual concern and determination by all Member States of the United Nations.
This is the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, at the present time, consensus in the United Nations is a preference for an increase in the number of non-permanent members elected, which we will support.
Mr. Stefan (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected by acclamation as Vice-Chairman.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important supplementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the development of these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
The first part of this budget has already been clarified by the Court, which requires more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, may also include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work that will be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• Specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, with emphasis on leadership at the level
Indicators of achievement
• Providing effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and to add a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure that field office staff regularly enter court networks.
Through the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the major United Nations Office and other international organizations, the Chief of the Security Service also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court, to provide targeted audiences and the general public with a detailed interpretation of the principles, objectives and action of the organization, to create a good working environment, to have high levels of knowledge, to establish an efficient public professional library and to provide reference services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and within the network.
(viii) Invited services to the attention of the Secretariat to consider any matter which they need to consider;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate means of providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and has authorized me to sign the Agreement within this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected results on the assumption that Governments and international organizations are as a matter of priority to implement the outcomes of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action by internal and external oversight bodies and relevant recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to speak on this issue today.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Organization for International Trade, which is detrimental to the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General has submitted recommendations thereon (A/58/556) and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the promotion and implementation of the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources required to fulfil its mandate, and by better providing services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Committee, who had proposed, explained the background and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have finally completed their education.
In addition, the Government and civil society have taken other action:
- To change the mentality, which continues to come from the old ideas of social culture, which have slowed the pace of women's progress.
As some delegations pointed out, the amount of reimbursement for troop costs for 2002 was significantly higher than the reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment; owing to the fact that troop-contributing countries were able to promptly calculate the number of troops assigned, while the cost of contingent-owned equipment required more specific information to be reimbursed.
Some of the Advisory Committee's recommendations that should be dealt with directly by the representatives of the Fifth Committee and troop-contributing countries.
Therefore, the Republic of Croatia has formally assumed its obligation to combine the entire legislation with the European Union, which has led to an overall legal adjustment on gender equality in accordance with the standards laid down in European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia, adopted in 2000 and 2003, provide detailed information on article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is increasing, according to an estimate of 350,000 in 1998 to 365,000 in 1999 (Jurgevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services of the Zambucauatom clinic continued its activities until the end of 2003, which is the Youth Education for Reproductive Health and Health in the General Health, which forms the curriculum, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly opposed the inclusion of the item on the agenda of the Conference as it violated the principle of territorial integrity in the Charter.
The view was expressed that the distinction based on whether the goods were removed from their original means of transport appeared to be some obsolete.
One alternative suggestion was that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the maritime operation, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future mandate of the Coordinator after the Secretary-General's report was submitted in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of Iraq's return to all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq is urged to return to Kuwait, or to return to their remains, and to return to its families.
The Coordinator hopes that the efforts to identify the fate of the Cashier will continue.
Murfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharma Al Hayari
The President noted that he took it that the Committee recommended the allocation of this item to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC to see the further work of the Anti-Terrorism Union of States.
The promotion of the global market, the means of communication itself, the use of the media, better traffic connectivity and the more effective international travel, have contributed to the development of the global terrorist network, which breeds a common message of hatred that seeks to achieve the common goals of invalidity and wanton destruction, thereby controlling civilized societies, in particular those based on democracy.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been delayed because of budgetary constraints; it is not possible to continue to be postponed, and UNDP has a considerable impact on these positions.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by the end of September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, a component of the reform of the Secretary-General.
The Division has also introduced organizational reforms, which have been merged into a section within the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat) and the Global Urban Observatory Section, using the latter name.
Monitoring functions have been expanded and include, in addition to existing urban indicators and geographic information systems, monitoring urban inequality programmes.
The themes of development capacity will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team building skills.
PeopleSoft, 2007
What challenges exist:
As national commissions often make contributions to other resources available as a basis for fund-raising for regular resources, this will likely enhance fund-raising capacity for regular and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to those activities that may play a significant role in the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexico Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinated programmes on the basis of collaboration with the various departments of the Ministry of Education and Education, as well as the corresponding United States departments, including the Education Programme for Migrant Workers in favour of Mexican children, youth and adults.
The measures taken by the Government of the Philippines in this regard have proven to be effective in protecting the rights and dignity of women migrant workers from illegal practices related to highly beneficial sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trends in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting a view to building a base-based knowledge on the causes and consequences of women's causes and consequences in the current migration process, so as to enable information-based decision-making.
The management and documentation of the big conferences constitute the central and fundamental aspects of the daily functioning of the most inclusive multilateral institutions in the world (see A/57/387, para.
The Department of Conference Affairs, in consultation with the preparation of the document, sought to prepare a consolidated report and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of the pre-session documents to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Integration of women's human rights and gender equity
The above table shows RFMOs that have a regulatory power in respect of the functions defined in article 10 of the Agreement, 34 but do not limit the power to RFMOs often provide advice on scientific matters, which are in parallel and mutually reinforcing: the International Marine Research Council (IOC) provides advice to the North-East Atlantic Fisheries Commission, which may provide advice on fish farming.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
For example, the Conference of the States Parties, decision II-10 ( Jakarta mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and resolutions on the establishment of a permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwater linked to surface water may fall within the scope of the International Watercourses Law Convention.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and illicit use and related consequences in accordance with international drug control regimes,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, since “the material was sent and issued by 4 July 1990”, and “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989, and the delivery should be completed within three months”.
Arabian Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “family subsistence allowance”, which relates to compensation for employees who remain in North America during the period covered by the claim for work in Saudi Arabia, in order to compensate them for the necessary costs for maintaining their accommodation on two occasions.
Chvron Research and KNPC concluded agreements to supply catalysts prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KNPC continued to address its catalytic needs through the Chvron Research, following the signing in 1975 of its first catalytic supply agreement; KNPC has purchased every facility since the installation of these devices; and the use of hydrogen-recycling technologies has been issued as a separate catalyst for the rehabilitation of U.S.
As indicated above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,27 for payment or relief to others.
Chvron U.S.S.A. said that it had paid an annual rate of $22,762,640 for ships and machinery premiums, which was calculated at the rate of 0.00 per litre of $1 million (Chvron U.S.A.), payable, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The case concerned the International Foundation for Charitable International Foundation (Belize International Foundation), which was located in Chicago and organized on the Committee's list.
This document is submitted in accordance with the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the use or use of nuclear weapons by non-nuclear-weapon States or those not associated with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India declared the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political Council, as the sole body to approve the use of nuclear weapons.
Since the High Commissioner, I have emphasized this in particular in the project profile.
Indeed, in many examples of countries, there is no more rapid national development in poor countries than affluent countries, or a “complete link” to rich countries, or the phenomenon of “ narrowing the gap” in per capita income.
The Court must review, in accordance with its mandate, the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the time required for the establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the mandate of the Security Council;
The establishment of consultants is requested to provide specialized expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of peacekeeping military aspects.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue, noting that the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change is “as considered general” (France), “the media does not specify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the role of the media in disseminating ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed the need for people to be aware and aware of these issues and must also be aware of what needs to be done to address this issue and of their role in this process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped into short-term (3 years), mid-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training plans funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
The non-treated waste-water-water harvesting could lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education had been included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The latter is almost unanimous in view of the fact that there is no right to an individual, not only in the absence of a corresponding social obligation or responsibility, but also if these responsibilities can be defined at the international and domestic levels in an appropriate manner, there are some forms and important interests that are available to the rulers, whether or not the rule.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hamoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices, or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “to declare the risk” (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We also deplore the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and in Jerusalem in the Near East.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern about the continuing violence and the excessive use of force, which have resulted in tremendous loss of life, material and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
The Chief of the Brigade does not believe: “I do you do not have any change — you do not have anything else??”, “I have one?
One of his expertise is the use of toxic agents.
The scope of the Zakawwe's activities is not confined to this small corner in the north-east of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will allow the Security Council to take an important decision to make the decisions expected by the world in a sense of responsibility and purpose.
I call on the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the manner in which children are employed harmful to their health and development in a manner that prevents them from attending school or performing their duties related to school or in conformity with the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on the Minimum Age Convention and Recommendation 146, Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and recommendation 190 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Other business enterprises and other business enterprises should pay compensation to workers in ensuring an adequate standard of living for them and their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuvasre Caruvasre Carágo, France
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodra Labourvić, Aleksandar Tavaresovski
The representative of the African Group, Ambassador Najat, Chairman of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, presented the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, and Western European and other States (on behalf of the Group, made an apology.
Inter-sessional meetings
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the correctness of press releases.
President:
The Computerization Division consists of one Professional and three General Service staff responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the Court.
Mexico therefore requests the Court to adjudge and declare:
The documents annexed to the case pleadings and correspondence instruments are currently being issued only, inter alia, when it is necessary to understand court decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 57788.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, it is likely that even if funds are deposited into banks only in order to be transferred abroad after the receipt of the summons, if funds are diverted to illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the General Standards, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed simplified job classification system and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report on the results of the assessment of effectiveness, which was decided at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
This partnership calls for mutual responsibility: political and economic reform in developing countries, support from developed countries, especially through aid, trade and debt relief.
All claimants in the twenty-sixth instalment were employed in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211 to 21 of the First “E4” Report, the claims for receivables that were not recovered in the twenty-sixth instalment were verified and valued.
Report of the Secretary-General
Bearing in mind the importance of a coordinated approach to extreme weather events and its associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 jointly by the Indian Association of Culture and Ganganyika (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Bearing in mind that the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 all States are urged to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and myself, together with all the representatives present, express their deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello and others, who have been murdered in tragic terms.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation and the protection of damaged goods.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, ACI has worked with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Institute for Aviation Transport (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Operators Association (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Association of Air Transport Movement (IATC), the International Council of Industrial Associations (ICCA), the International Council of All International Aircraft and Operators (IAAC), the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Federation of Transport of Transport of the International Organization (IAIAIAIAAC, the International Union of the International Organization (IAIAIAIAIAIAAC, the International Organization (IAIAIAIAIAIAIAIAIAA), the Institute of the International Federation of the International Federation of the International Association of the International Association of the International Organization of the International Civil Aviation Operators of the International Organization of the International Organization of the International Organization of the International Civil Aviation Operators of the International Civil Aviation Operators of the International Association of the International Federation of the International Civil Aviation Operators of the Association of the International Civil Aviation Operators of the International Civil Aviation Operators's.
English and French are working languages, but some forums, including the Conference, are also used in other languages such as Spanish.
The first lender is the former lender or the seller of the goods, who also have a continuing relationship with the debtor and its business, and may issue new or trade credit to increase the likelihood of recovering its existing claims, perhaps to obtain value gains through increased interest rates in the new loan.
Some laws have adopted a default rule, notably the inability of the insolvency representative to act within a specified period of time, to lead the contract to be considered as such as rejected or enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or in some jurisdictions, or may be a company or other separate legal entity.
(xv) Any other matter that the insolvency representative may be entrusted by a creditor or by the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or the debtor presiding;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, the requirements for resorting to the law were suspended for the possibility of preventing the use of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons (CCW).
The creditor is unable to submit a claim before final report and accounting, depending on the other provisions of the insolvency law, may result from different results.
If the claims arising from the proceedings are the object of the consideration outside the insolvency proceeding, such claims are normally considered by the nature of the claim and may be provisionally granted by a certain category of claims (subject to the application of the stay measures, see chapter II, B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require assistance from a number of professionals, such as insolvency representatives and consultants from the debtor's consultants or insolvency representatives.
Priority claims
Many insolvency laws generally require that the insolvency representative, after the asset change and distribution, shall convene a creditor meeting and make accounts.
The threat of an irregular attack has also become a normal aspect of the daily lives of Israel.
We have not yet seen any practical steps on this goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference, namely, we all pledge to resolve the East issue through dialogue and peaceful means.
Calls upon all States to recognize, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, the right of everyone to worship or assembly, and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the general orientation of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and the addition of a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
The General Assembly, in its resolution on the rights of children, continued to stress the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes on children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, statements of the Council were distributed informally to Council members.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are in accordance with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 the feasibility review of the first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana”.
In bilateral dispute settlement, the State was deliberately cited by the State, which would undermine the effective use of the local remedies rule.
His delegation supported the principle established in the judgment of the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle of the exercise of diplomatic protection by the company.
Thirdly, after the orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to ascertain the reasons for unilateral action or conduct by the State; the criteria expressly or implied by the State to commit an effective undertaking, especially but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organs which should act or be held accountable; and the circumstances and conditions of any modification or withdrawal of unilateral commitments.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through associations/United Nations Commission on Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace.
Currently, a project is being implemented with the support of the Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding the innovative means of reproductive health.
There have been a growing number of new incubators worldwide and the fastest growing areas in Brazil, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to refugees in Guatemala could be a example of a durable solution to refugee problems.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will preside over an exhibit on family issues in the opening of an exhibit on family issues, on Thursday, 4 December 2003.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to emphasize the very important role of the Agency in providing technical assistance to Member States, and to note the significant progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan emanating from the Conference will help to build confidence and ensure that good security records are maintained in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the Action Plan against Nuclear Terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff members have every day worked on these and many others to make our world better and safer.
The place of business of the natural person shall be the place of habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration to electronic signature after the signature is detectable; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the development of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was suggested that such a definition would not be the text of the instrument, but the Guide to Enactment to the instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be carried out in two phases.
6.8.4.5 The provision of 6.3.3.3.1.3 in the case of the need to be used to maintain dangerous goods.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and identify their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of the Scientific and Technical Activities and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development of the organizations of the United Nations system, in particular in providing policy guidance on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, to the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council on the same day, with the exception of days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on Jurisdictional Immunities of States and Their Property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 of the provisional agenda -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8, International Decade for Action, 2005-2015, [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 shows that young girls have provided the space needed to achieve their self-determination.
As a Main Committee I of the General Assembly cancelled the meeting originally scheduled for 27 October, the proposed Open-ended Panel on Commodities could be held by the existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the Human Rights Development Report 2003 makes it clear that, if the situation is not rapidly improved, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by 129 to halve extreme poverty and to double child mortality by two thirds in 2015.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa is a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrean understanding of Africa's recovery.
Developing country producers must overcome a series of obstacles to the use of the progressive growth market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
The alleged murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens, some 407 others.
“With regard to the right of time, the complainant has found itself to be placed in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly stems from the entry into force of the Convention on Belgium (14 June 1955, but continues until the date of entry into force, since the related deprivation is `life'”.
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights have often found more than one violation, and subsequently recommend a package of measures, which can be disaggregated by the above-mentioned classifications.
In this regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party's obligation to appoint a part of its functions to other self-government institutions, in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, remains under obligation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has also addressed the issue of discrimination in the loan market, the use of an insult language by individuals, 20,23 and access to public sites or access to public services.
25 Human Rights Committee, communication No. 1782 1984, Broks v. the Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992, Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Les Fourdode and Kamer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex II, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation in drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of graduates from vocational schools is further trained at universities in order to become trainers, and the organization's management personnel have been trained abroad.
On 13 May 2003, by the Audit Tribunal's decision, Radio Bombom was re-launched, the first case of the Tribunal's decision to overthrow the executive.
Commentary
The past year's events have led the nuclear non-proliferation regime to pressure on the multi-war fronts and clearly indicate the need for specific steps to strengthen the system.
The contributions of $10 million and fast-track credit, as agreed under this joint programme, are expected to show capacity-building and lending operations, and complementarity between the United Nations and development financing institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stefan McCafari, presented a detailed study on this topic.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria has also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Thereafter, there is no longer a central administration on the island, whether legally or in fact sufficient to represent the whole Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoration of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the GDP growth of about 1 per cent in Djibouti was confirmed by a positive evolution in 2001, which grew by 1.9 per cent in 2001 and the outlook figure for 2002 had also changed the direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 770/83, which penalizes another different offence of the intentional financing of terrorism: “For the purpose of combat, recruitment, accession or support of illegal military organizations, whether armed or unarmed, or not uniforms or uniforms”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include 2002-2003.
To date, some 300 kilometres have been built, and Palestinian terrorists cannot be infiltrated into the murder of civilians in Israeli population centres.
Germany regrets the recent sudden increase in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall has not been built along the Green Line.
This wall is a trenches, roads and fence which is extended in parallel with it.
The European Union maintains close liaison with the parties and is willing to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take effective steps to demonstrate its commitment to end such acts by extremist elements.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to the specific information system.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there seems to be no measure to mainstream a gender perspective into government policy.
Deeply concerned at the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of countless innocent lives, and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The Monterrey Consensus — Implementation and Future Mandate”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 is that it does not exclude weapons of mass destruction only by transparency measures on conventional weapons.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to harmonize and coordinate activities of organizations and institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, which were responsible for financing for development.
Annex
The diamond-mining inspection adviser, the cross-border inspection adviser and the airport inspection adviser are in progress to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
Children are particularly exposed to the distress of their lives, their beds, blindness and sleepingness.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be merged with the discussion of special priority and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Further decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and cycle of the review, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the expansion of British citizenship to citizens in overseas Territories, while also requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent $50 million on building roads, mostly funded by the Bank of Anguilla and commercial banks in the Caribbean.
In the above-mentioned resolutions, the General Assembly called upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships to Palestine refugees; requested the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to assist the students of Palestine refugees within their respective mandates; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustees of such special grants and scholarships and to make them qualified candidates for Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States.
The Commission should concentrate on a more small number of issues, avoiding the fragmentation of resources among other United Nations bodies such as the Security Council sanctions Working Group and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stability regimes
Those who left their homes are often difficult, since large-scale exoduses generally occur in situations where national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide most basic aid and protection crises and conflicts.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF produced a copy of a book by Santa Feering Company and a full payment receipt issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply the decision made earlier by him in relation to rule 129 of the rules of procedure, and hoped that the following statement would be recorded, namely, that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as the Office of Legal Affairs and the interpretation made earlier by the President.
KFOR continues to provide assistance and security assistance to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to support the police activities of UNMIK.
While noting this, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that the major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the meeting in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the objectives and objectives of the international conferences, including major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States News Network, with a view to encouraging contributions and support for the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
Albania, Croatia and Macedonia, in accordance with the commitments made in the Rio Declaration, will bring them closer to the standards of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to jointly implement the various declarations we have adopted in all its aspects — which have been a great hope for the peoples of these extreme poverty.
We re-energize economic efforts urgently need to be complemented by new FDI, ODA transfer, technology transfer, and need to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are also saddened to learn that the members of the Committee on Management of Iraq, Ms. Agra Khim, died as a result of the injury caused by recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in responding to identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean M. M. M. and Robert Shman has led to the creation of the European Community for coal and steel, which has subsequently expanded into an unprecedented multilateral integration body known today as the European Union.
High-handedness and dedication continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Applicability or choice
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is accessible through the national statistical web site (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also on these targets, we are evaluating the evidence collected so far by each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor of Jolo to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran agreed with the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/345) and its recommendations on strengthening support for South-South cooperation and raising public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has received numerous communications from the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, there are similar institutions in Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference presented the revised draft text of the Cancún Ministerial Declaration (Job(03)/150/Rev.2), which was prepared on the basis of that text, the members of the World Trade Organization continued consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. Persons who use the force, threaten the use of force or use other aircraft or vessels, sentenced to 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the mandate proposed for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on MOTAPM, and announced that the country had become a sponsor of the Danish and United States proposals on such mines.
Form of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but it will be necessary for the Unit to fulfil its commitment to the rule of law, which will require a considerable amount of resources.
During the past decade, there has been a significant increase in the number of internal conflicts and a significant change in the nature of armed conflict.
It is hoped that, in the preparation of the report, consultations should be held as widely as possible not only within the United Nations system, but also in relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with particular reference to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions, as proposed by the Chair, as follows:
The Financial Intelligence Unit signed agreements and memoranda of understanding with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama to exchange information on the financial network.
• List of notes and items from importing companies;
Similarly, in December, the experts of the Council of Europe held preliminary discussions with local leaders at UNMIK and central and municipal levels, and the process of consensus-building on decentralization strategies has been initiated.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will be approved shortly.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Commission endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group established for the preparation of the report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, namely, the review of progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and agreed that the national report prepared for the next session of the Sub-Commission would highlight new mechanisms and new initiatives to respond to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enables Sweden to obtain full data from Earth observation satellites in all regions of Europe.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will be active and effective in its work to ensure that the final outcomes of the Conference, both in the form and in content, are acceptable to States.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminar on mine-clearing techniques was held in Geneva at the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD), which prepared annexes to the final report of the Standing Committee based on the outcomes of the two workshops.
International test and evaluation programmes: this is an international programme that helps participating countries to cooperate in order to avoid duplication of effort, specifically for testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility for the full and effective fulfilment of his mandate in the course of a mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role that the multilateral system plays on it; it will be no alternative if it is genuinely open to a non-discrimination system.
The search for solutions must take into account the actual trade economy in specific countries and assess its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc early warning system group,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the Expert Group of the Scientific and Technical Commission, to select three to four representative case studies in reports received from Parties, to be submitted to the CST at its seventh session;
The President of the other Main Committees of the General Assembly often took advantage of this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/249 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,911,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, account is taken of the increase in local staff salaries as from 1 July 2002, as well as the estimated cost of $35,000 for local staff serving on a daily trip to Damascus and the Camp Faouar camp.
Each year's federal budget has an allocation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities has already been using a number of procedures to be applied by the advocates.
(2) Providing skills or specialized technologies for terrorist organizations, their instructions or cooperation with them;
The President said that the term “legal law” might give the impression that the reference to other laws might be made, while the “legal” was intended to refer explicitly to the law governing the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affected civilians, resulting in socio-economic paralysis and deteriorating as a result of the embargo.
The Security Council resolution 1397 (2002) reflects this, which reaffirms the importance of the principle of mutual coexistence between the two countries within secure recognized borders.
The destructive policies and the grave threats posed by those States, as well as the terrible combination of Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programmes, hostile intentions and their oppressive regime, are not known to the representatives and the entire world.
According to the UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector is generally calm.
Let me now turn to some of the work of the IAEA, which is focused on the international community.
I usually hear from donors, and I do not know what the words of the donor.
He was eloquent, frank and frank about the sky and transformation of countries dependent on commodities.
The above Guidelines are designed to provide normative and consistent risk assessment frameworks to enable Governments to offset the threat change by the vulnerability of vessels and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself is a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that specific efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts on human activities that are not conducive to the health and survival of the health and survival of the resources of the fisheries.
The flag State must be strengthened to control its vessels.
See also the information consolidated material issued by the General Division of Energy and Transport of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be empowered to charge the issue of prior clarification.
The Commission recommends that the regional follow-up of ESCAP should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; facilitate the establishment of an exchange of information and policy and experience-sharing network; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The Secretariat has revised the country database annually on the basis of three criteria used by the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to fight poverty and to integrate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “International arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII, “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the results-based budgeting format, which provides executive direction and management by objective, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes presented should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated social-economic initiative for development in Africa.
Concern was expressed about the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States, which led to the proposal to put an end to certain outputs.
It was pointed out that statistics were one of the areas where overlapping work might occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other departments, agencies and specialized agencies of the United Nations and to ensure consistency in its policies.
Table 24.13
Revise the paragraph to read: (c) to read: “(c) Support for the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation in the areas of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation in the context of enhanced knowledge base for sustainable development;
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be too ambitious and should be carefully dealt with.
It has been reported that, in addition to the legal non-recognition of Roma, there are social discrimination against Roma persons in many places, and there are frequent instances of police abuse in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of adequate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities.
However, it was difficult to develop an international standard that would properly integrate the two measures rather than impose restrictions on some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including those related to strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Acceptance of the audited financial statements on United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group
Reiterates its ratification of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, noted with appreciation the strategy, which outlines the overall objectives of mine action, and recommended areas that should be prioritized by the international community as a whole during the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are excluded, but mutually reinforcing, and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important in the exercise of legal and judicial obligations.
Under the current legislation, representatives of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have the power to pay attention to the proceedings and to obtain the Tribunal's archives, while the evidence material received by the ICTY can also be used directly for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations was unable to take action on the issue of Iraq and could not stop the bloodshed there and the United Nations had not been able to resolve the deteriorating crisis in the Middle East during the second century.
The importance of the General Assembly as a principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations has compelled us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
asked how we can we support preventive efforts in such a way?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach needs to expand the functions and processes to be considered in the management decision.
Requests civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit and to participate actively in the Summit, in the manner determined by the Preparatory Committee;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the question of the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as the “principles of general international law” of judicial decisions, State practice, treaty and writings of the judiciary.
According to the theory of a right, a remedy is available, the injured alien needs only to exhaust the remedies derived from rights and may lead to binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law, (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to remain open for air travel to the General Assembly and not to be used by the delegation of the least developed countries to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the principle of the prior commencement;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as stated in the footnote, the alternative language was intended to address the various ways in which a concession company that had been aware of the study through legislation in many countries might have access to the right to work.
Pending the submission of the Panel in the twenty-fifth instalment, the secretariat of the Commission conducted an initial assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants have received replies, there is no response to these criteria.
Contribution to development effectiveness at the country level
Recalling also its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”, a regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The General Assembly has mandated the review to be carried out by the General Assembly, and the approach taken by OIOS in response to the mandate focuses on some administrative areas, which can be improved by streamlining the Organization's production.
The countries of the Euro-Asian region reaffirm their resolve to sign, ratify and implement United Nations conventions on combating terrorism.
The Act addresses the following matters:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council made other tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group contributed to raising awareness of the illegal exploitation of the natural resources and other forms of wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the context of conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Conclusions of dialogue and cooperation
The fifth party, despite the opportunity, has not responded to the report of the Panel.
Unless a regional solution is found, there is no long-term implementation of the recommendations.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting the continuing policy guidance on family provisions contained in the outcomes of the United Nations summits and conferences in the 1990s and their follow-up processes, and on strengthening the central component of family centres in policies and programmes, as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr.elle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the late issuance of those reports and reports on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances from the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee's view that the status of advances to the Humanitarian Coordination Board in 1998 was unclear.
If available, please provide the Committee with similar information on listed entities.
If so, the number and date of reason, freezing or restitution are requested.
In our banking and financial systems, no authorization is made for any kind of financial activity by other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial agents).
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes part of a systematic long-term policy that the occupying Power and its subordinate local authorities are well known, namely, to deny support for the re-establishment of Cyprus and to make it a critics of the Turkish Cypriot people who do not have the occupying forces and become a member of the European Union.
The work of the BioTrade is also designed in a different scale, combining trade and environmental and social aspects of biodiversity.
This means that (a) the potential new knowledge areas related to development issues to be included as far as possible in the context of capacity development work; and (b) flexibility in the design of action in order to adapt, where necessary, new issues or new models.
Concluding remarks
The mandate of the Doha Conference implies the collective commitment of the international community to the reorientation of the WTO and its pursuit of development.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the decision-making process of sanctions against a Member State and follow-up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States, and hinder the pace of economic and social development in the affected countries.
The Committee enquired as to why there were three bienniums without baseline data on measuring performance and whether there was no project on outputs prepared for termination.
Several factors have created such changes.
(t) “Private personnel” shall mean any employee, executive, manager or official of any entity, organization, enterprise or private legal person, other than the unit in which the official functions are performed;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the fundamental concepts of the domestic legal system:
(c) For subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may assist, where deemed appropriate, in the context of its discretion, whether the act constitutes an offence under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings requested, as well as the name and functions of the departments conducting such investigations, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party [implementation] [implementation] measures to ensure that its banks and financial institutions maintain the record of transactions in due period.
During the draft text on second reading at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that ensuring that systems designed by the Convention were designed to take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication as possible.
The figure forecast emissions growth in all sectors for the period 2000-2010, except for waste management.
Note: Note by the State code, see annex.
These rates include legal remuneration and office costs.
One third of the final payment retention of the full payment was that the additional instalments of the month would be used if the trial phase had expired earlier.
The full text of the interview is presented for you.
If an organization recognized as terrorism is cleared, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of more than 50 countries have expressed their support for the joint statement.
According to article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forests
The process of preparation of the present report shows that, while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad, the majority of those working in cooperation do not have guidance from institutional policy.
A number of Governments have abandoned the guiding philosophy that prevailed during the Conference in Buenos Aires.
Both African LDCs have expressed political conflicts and lack of financial resources are major obstacles to expanding South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network is expanded and is using these resources together with key partners to provide advisory services to programme member States.
To successfully combat terrorism, it is necessary to concentrate on the following three main anti-terrorist activities: first, to deny terrorists access to terrorist activities (e.g. to prevent terrorist activities, to suppress forgery of documents, and to refrain from providing weapons); secondly, to deny terrorists, to ensure prosecution and/or extradition of terrorists (e.g. to accelerate the conclusion of anti-terrorism conventions and to prevent terrorists from entering, and to strengthen law enforcement agencies, for example, and to strengthen the resilience against terrorism (e.
Development must be an integral part of international investment agreements in support of national policies to attract more FDI and to benefit from it.
Non-governmental organizations organized a national photo exhibit to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would also like to know about literacy training and the placement of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act and is incompatible with the road map, since it makes it more difficult to create a viable and continuous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (Part I and II)
The Mall and Handicraf Industries in Jordan, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, in response to the note dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations of the nomination by the Acting Controller of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Mr. Peter Laf, members of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of the International Criminal Court.
Resident partners, Malawi Lilonggeru, Leblab Blue International Accounting Company
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance in this regard;
For example, the lack of adequate funding for the first three countries (United Republic of Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) in which ports are open to the private sector and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Vice-President
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21, by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees that article 1 and article 3 are now drafted.
Financial contracts and net liquidation
Such termination and offsetting the net risk exposure should be permitted, without the termination of those contracts being prior to commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of these documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) To develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the administration of justice, including, where necessary, prompt action to address complaints by staff;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Commission considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005
The present report is submitted in response to this request.
There are also two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action to ensure respect for human rights as an important element in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the follow-up to the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report to the Committee on its periodic reports on the implementation of the ECOWAS declaration on the moratorium on small arms and light weapons, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above, and in particular with regard to the implementation of the present resolution;
Joint meetings of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Some country teams participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, and Nepal participated in the debate on the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (at the 450th meeting), and the President held a number of consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel of Experts has been unable to establish any direct link with the current situation in Liberia.
Many eyewitnesses reported to the Panel of Experts that many individuals were able to violate the prohibitions, as they owned multinational nationality or residence permits for other States.
The evaluation found some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
The right to promote and protect the rights of women and children in Nigeria under global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to provide recommendations on how to address the outstanding amounts owed to Member States by closed peacekeeping missions with a net cash deficit, for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, on the basis of input from the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has consolidated a draft, which is likely to reach consensus on a global unified system,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore vital that we fully support this effort.
More efforts must be made to identify the fanaticism or criminal intent that acts of terrorism are caused by political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Delbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world faces a greater risk, this principle is of greater significance.
How do we do that?
However, there are problems that cannot be attributed to an objective observation.
Another threat to international peace and security — you can also correct our assessment — a vertical proliferation phenomenon.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna pointed out in a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth delivery of the functions of the President, which is vital to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are: the implementation of land law; forest concessions and agriculture are insufficient for the effective protection of the poor; some people are compensated for the displaced as a result of road construction projects; and street children and the poor who are relocated.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on addressing vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to move from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaties between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of sentenced persons to prison sentences in order to bring their sentences into custody (18 May 1995.
The above-mentioned acts have resulted in the death of persons or other significant consequences, which shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The above-mentioned acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; final text appears in Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What are the Director-General of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) told us?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the unanimous adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq — the unconditional, immediate and active cooperation with inspectors in the disarmament process — will make some progress in this cooperation, but remains far from the level of “ unconditional, immediate and active”.
From a legal perspective, what is the right to health?
The third type of disease, which is seriously overlooked, is rarely studied and developed in rich countries, and is largely non-existent.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Advocacy and dissemination of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources, which focuses on the CTC.
Main conclusions
Detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
It was queried whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with the existing practice of using “reproductive” bills of lading and bills of lading, among other types of transport documents, such as “a ship”.
A general comment was made on the fact that the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument had been used repeatedly and repeatedly, with the aim of highlighting the distinction between the transport document and electronic record, rather than the intention of the Working Group to focus on the contents of the document.
The view was expressed that the text of draft article 12.2 expressed the same concern with respect to item 12.2 and that the text of the draft article should indicate that the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage would have the liability under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should be dealt with by the draft instrument in the form proposed by the Swedish proposal to address other issues that might lead to conflict with other transport conventions, such as the issue of how to calculate compensation and the uncertainties of damage (see paragraphs 258 and 264 to 267), respectively.
I have the honour to remind the Permanent Mission and observer delegations that, for security considerations, the garage is scheduled to close on Friday, 21 September 2003, at 8 a.m. and to reopen the authorized vehicles on Monday, 22 September 2003, at 4 a.m.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2006)1
These activities reflect the growing importance of the procurement system for national economic growth and also highlight the efforts made by international bodies that need to coordinate activities in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use such information to work with civil aviation organizations on further methodological aspects to improve the quality of data reports and to support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and to provide guidance, as appropriate, to Parties and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities have requested that all air transportation must take off from the North.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support the reporting of animal disease systems and animal immunization;
The Department's booklet entitled “United Nations and decolonization”, which was drafted by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs in 2001, focuses primarily on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, on the work of the Special Committee, on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, options for the future status of the Territories, and assistance received from the Territories.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the full coverage of the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean Regional Seminar, and the announcement by the local television stations of the debate held by Parliament in accordance with the press release.
According to this article in Swiss law, it is absolutely reasonable to freeze assets of individuals and entities suspected of having associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Order changed, EVA system will be amended immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States is being studied to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Potential options
14.9 In accordance with the request of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292 to further strengthen the Office at the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposal to strengthen the Office's regular budget section will be reflected in section 29G of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (Administration, Nairobi).
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibits and images, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of Monterrey as a whole largely depends on the greater idea of global partnership.
Currently, we must commit ourselves to the spirit of partnership among the poor and rich nations we see in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial frauds may undermine commercial reputation, undermine industry, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial evidence documents, international trade in order to stabilize the country.
While cooperation with the criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, the business and business law can play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal is also increasingly using similar powers conferred by the arbitral proceedings regime.
The Internet and computer technology have increased not only the threat to the business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communication) in the implementation of traditional crimes (e.g. theft, theft of intellectual property, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes).
• To ensure free access to outer space through equal measures applicable to all parties, while avoiding the release of debris as far as possible;
They have repeatedly emphasized that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social insecurity are a source of frustration and a cause for new conflicts, and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without redress for the growing international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that, pending the complete elimination of nuclear weapons, members of the Non-Aligned Movement should strive as a matter of priority to the conclusion of a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government are fully opposed to the conditions and justifications for these issues, and hundreds of thousands limit the market access of developing countries and limit the provision of assistance and technology to developing countries or link them to multilateral trade negotiations.
Similar measures have also been taken by the Financial Markets Council.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, an independent court or tribunal should be established and adequate procedural guarantees for a minority whose rights have been violated.
Bearing in mind that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized by the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
Some $6.5 million will be spent on civilian staff training, some $17 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines contained in the circular and report their actions to the Bank of Thailand.
Addressing violence against women is a vital component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) To conduct campaigns and seek the participation of the media and eminent persons to serve as a good example of men's role and to increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has assisted in the development of a national population policy and updates census information, which is vital to a better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for planning.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Calliso Madavo, Deputy Director of the African Regional Bureau for Africa; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator, Ms. Marcelo Andradie, Head of State Economics and Head of the African Republic.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations for Management;
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus addressed to you by Mr. Reşat (see annex).
Subsequently, the CGE also expressed its support for this and thus facilitated the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The first discussion between all affected European Parties on UNCCD implementation was discussed.
At the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, with the aim of presenting an analysis of the needs and proposals of each Annex IV country for regional cooperation and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendations made by Ambassador Amorim on the treatment of unresolved arms reductions in the framework of a strengthened monitoring and verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the comprehensive nature of the report of the Executive Director and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above, from Tuesday, 8 April to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information system of information and telecommunications is a major element in ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) for an initial period of six months, with the mandate to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include a military component in the mission, in accordance with the options proposed in the report of the Secretary-General (b), in cooperation with the French and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), the parties to the conflict that require the recruitment or use of children, in violation of their applicable international obligations, immediately cease recruitment or use of children;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, gave us great encouragement to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, who read in this meeting on 21 January, for the strong support that our initiative will be formally launched.
“In reading the report of the annual session 2001, I am deeply in a paradox.
Children remain the main victims of the conflict.
In Sierra Leone, in 1999, my Special Representative received commitments from RUF to allow access and release of abducted children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, while the Civil Defence Forces also made commitments to recruit child soldiers and demobilize them.
The Council, in its resolution 1460 (2003), supported the “An era of implementation”, and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities on Iraqi territory, there have been a difficult moment.
For its part, Japan will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils its primary responsibility to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is also an issue of disarmament experts.
The Governing Council, in paragraph 6 of its decision 9, established that the claimant submitted to the Commission had the responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss, “the total amount of compensable loss would be less likely to be avoided”.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations military, civilian police and civilian standby arrangements system and procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi.
Education is another major consideration because poor families do not always have equal access to education or, in some cases, do not have any opportunity.
If migrants do not meet time requirements, social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants, as well as the continued presence of migrant families in host countries.
Migration to cities has eroded inter-generational support for the generations of the indigenous peoples over the years, as well as the disruption of relations with traditional regions.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, physical and weak older persons are considered particularly vulnerable, and many of them live shortly after their departure from the labour market, thereby losing material support.
This legal framework is often unable to protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as indigenous peoples stress common ownership of their full resources.
The inconsistencies between development policies and international cooperation are alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Governing Council will also consider the issue of claims preparation costs in the future.
In a claim, compensation was sought for the amount owed to the goods shipped to Iraq pursuant to a sales contract concluded with an agent in a third country.
E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraphs 60 and F1(1) report, paras.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you a document dated 30 April 2003 from the International Court of Justice on the issue of Honduras-El Salvador, which is entitled “Appointment of a technical expert appointed by the Organization of American States to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras” and to the present letter and its annex.
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and female-headed households, in the provision of adequate housing, which constituted a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/wesh.htm.
UNCTAD can play an important role in promoting consensus among North-South on the multilateral trading system, finding ways to deal with trade and development issues in the interest of South-North, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and developing national trade policies.
The specific implementation of the above-mentioned provisions is to look at the complexity and details of the request in each particular case, if it is not possible to meet the established time limit, the timetable will be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partner in American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall presents serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to be built and that existing settlements continue to expand.
The Government of the Republic of Moldova, in response to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council, submitted a second supplementary report to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cunha Miy (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that my country has joined the consensus on the adoption of draft resolution A/58/L.39 on strengthening the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but does not mean that it is in favour of — the use of the concepts of operative paragraph 12 — such as “protective culture”, which we have not yet discussed appropriately within the framework of our work, which may distort the principles of the General Assembly resolution 182, and facilitate the principles of the principles of the United Nations, since the principles of the adoption of the General Assembly resolution 182.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 include its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (paragraph 45 of the report) provides for an increase of $13.2 million in income.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten by economic constraints.
The President: 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
Acts of terrorism committed by extremist groups or individuals, regardless of the gravity of those acts, must not be exercised by powerful States or by exercising the inherent right of legitimate self-defence, which may be a global unpredictable war, as many innocent civilians may die from the war.
The most important issue of defining the meaning of this law can only be counterproductive.
In recent national elections, a campaign funded by the Government has encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and national poverty reduction strategy papers is a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goals report.
As the country participated in the Chemical Prefect Project of the Inter-American Commission on Drug Abuse Control, it was assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in the development of the new draft legislation.
In this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a reserve for after-service health insurance in which funds are in place.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment report and a summary of the reports that had not been completed, understanding of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges encountered in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and the emerging issues.
The Conference was informed of a number of research projects being carried out in the fields of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 12
The region has already established measures to address law enforcement at the Pacific Forum level.
The objective should be to gradually establish management mechanisms as prospecting activities are carried out, with better understanding of the resources and their environment-generated environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The preliminary report, which has been prepared since May 2002, provides a general picture and regional picture of the action already taken in the four main objectives, and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a declaration to civil society organizations in the Government, non-governmental organizations and the region, and urged them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the growing recognition in the international community of the negative impact of all forms and manifestations of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the establishment of the rule of law and democracy, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenant on Human Rights,
IDBSG International rubber Research Group II
Stressing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling further General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in the previous resolution, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism that took place on 11 September 2001, in which it also condemned the heinous acts of terrorism in the Islamic and Moscow, and called upon international cooperation to prevent and eradicate acts of terrorism, and recalling also its resolution 65 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which the Security Council condemned the large number of bombings,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element in the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision to allocate the items proposed by the Fifth Committee in the memorandum of the Secretary-General to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the sustainability of biological technologies.
The new biotechnology could be complemented by these obsolete technologies and enhanced effectiveness of these obsolete technologies.
The issue of the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands would be meaningless during the two visits.
The participation of all nuclear-weapon States as soon as possible in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves become actors, participate in all stages planning and decision-making.
It will review the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the additional document to the Convention, as well as its work programme on cooperation with the voluntary promotion of “special agreement”.
This does not, however, apply to refugees who have reasonable grounds to believe that a security threat or who have been sentenced by a legal court for special serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to do their utmost to ensure that their children's education are beneficial:
At that time, in many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence has occurred in the territory of the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America and South America.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21 programmes
Nepal's health services are based on an integrated primary health care and referral treatment system.
In addition, new action is being taken in the field of health.
For example, at the policy level, senior female administrative staff accounted for 4.2 per cent (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (Table 5).
The net enrolment rate for girls dropped to 26.2 per cent in secondary schools (11 to 13 years old age group) to 36.5 per cent, indicating that more than two thirds of children in the age group were deprived of access to education.
Combating Gender Equality Programme (Mage of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Gender Equality Civil Service with Small Arms and Forestry in Administrative Services, Katifu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloodshed conflict and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel remains unaware of the fact that the road to peace depends on the implementation of 37 resolutions of the Security Council on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, all of which have been ignored by Israel.
We will also not re-examine our policies because of threats.
The United Nations efforts to bring about stability, democracy and reconstruction in Iraq have been fully supported by my country, and I also commend the United Nations staff for their courageous and unhindered work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through an objective and reasonable implementation of a programme, not through artillery or ad hoc combat aircraft, or by a large number of troops to destroy the oppressive regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all Member States of the Authority and other interested parties that can do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and to report clearly warning of us, although so far, these measures are still insufficient to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
Progress report of the Voorburg Group (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (meeting room paper) is being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and a list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative provides a model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In written and oral statements, the representative of Burundi referred to the terrible socio-economic situation that Burundi had not been able to pay its arrears to the United Nations as a result of the terrible socio-economic situation that had been waged since 1993.
The Central African Republic, in its written and oral representations, noted its serious economic and social problems, partly as a result of the earlier internal conflict and security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution will not be added.
3.3 Innovative approaches to TCDC and OECD resource mobilization (including resources from donors and other sources under the Governments of developing countries, triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthen governmental institutions relevant to children, including, where appropriate, appointed ministers for children and independent commissioners for child rights;
A/58/282.
It was said that it was necessary to help avoid a more visible issue of e-commerce and not lose an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of this proposal on the drafting of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which offers additional benefits to many countries, and these countries are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is prepared to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity projects, and to enhance the capacity of African countries to respond better to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthened monitoring and assessment system, CPC is more focused on programme performance and will ensure that the Organization is moving forward in the right direction and strengthen the oversight role of member States in this regard.
We do not see progress, and we have seen a departure from a peaceful settlement and a reversal of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone Police
Each of the words of the plan has been determined on a number of occasions, carefully considered and comprehensively balanced basis.
This will allow a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which has a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
Journal of the Turks and Caicos Islands, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposals under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the Ivorian people and Governments to the Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work in the peace of the world and for the sake of the restoration of peace in Côte d'Ivoire, and to make every effort to provide their individuals and the support of the Organization.
We have joined the work of the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols relating to terrorism in the final stage.
The Kosovo Parliament adopted an insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection
Noting that, despite progress, difficulties remain in implementing the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6, of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and requests States, organizations and agencies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap.
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate and to submit a complete report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in an addendum all replies received from Governments in any official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold a further consultative meeting with all interested Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in order to complete the finalization of the “Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law”, and to consider, as appropriate, the options for the adoption of these guidelines;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by many countries in the world in building a democratic society in order to improve the realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Notes with interest the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to organize, at the request of the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, a seminar, jointly with the United Nations Development Programme, before the sixty-first session of the Commission, on practical ways and means of strengthening good governance practices of human rights at the national level, to review and enrich the information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/7 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/7;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, for the benefit of all;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction over the difficulties faced by the people of the northern part of Somalia, despite the difficulties faced, the relative peace and stability and the availability of basic services,
Prevention of human rights violations resulting from the circulation and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/28, 2003/29, 2003/28, 2003/24.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Commission considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 32
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Strengthening of the methods of work of the Commission (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working towards the best possible alleviation of current marginalization and the beneficial development of the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
The predeployment medical costs paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects a considerable savings during the period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community, at the Johannesburg World Summit, has identified a comprehensive issue of sustainability; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has identified a new dynamic direction for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes within their existing resources;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in funding and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing the agreement of the World Conference on Human Rights to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of the Governments of those countries to achieve the full realization of economic, social and cultural rights of the peoples of those countries,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the process of globalization to protect cultural diversity;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission on the activities undertaken under his mandate and to submit a midterm report to the General Assembly;
Interpretation: Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE; Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC; Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; Regional Commission for Asia and the Pacific; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI referred to in paragraph 15 of the Final Document of 2000 is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency in the entire NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility, and Syria was of the view that UNRWA should continue to deliver its services until its situation was resolved.
Replace the words “5.5.6” with the words “5.0”.
The Supreme Court of War, sitting in Beit Hanoun from 26 to 28 March 2003, acquitted six people, in addition to maintaining the life imprisonment for a accused and carrying out another three-month stay in custody for six months.
The labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Noting the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued its work with the increasing number of personnel from United Nations field operations and OHCHR field offices in human rights missions, using their unique status on the ground, improving the flow of information on disappearances.
During the reporting period, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send a reminder letter on 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its working methods.
According to the allegations, the disappearance is related to the broad powers conferred on the security forces under emergency legislation, in particular the Terrorist and Separatism Action Act and the Public Security Act, which allow preventive detention and long-term detention, without many other normal guarantees under the Penal Code.
The Bureau is planning to discuss the matter in the near future to seek the best action plan to address the issues raised by you.
19.35 Based on the assumption that the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: the resources available to members and associate members for the implementation of recommendations, the importance of data development to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and the provision of adequate extrabudgetary resources to the Commission for its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meeting to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on inheritance, marriage and donation is also the same.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as affirmed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, and reaffirming their obligations as a State party to all human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,2 the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification by the State party in November 2000 of the European Social Charter (revised in 1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol to the Charter, as well as the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern the particularly severe fighting in rural areas as a result of the structural reforms in the area of public and agriculture.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, genuine partnership with Governments will not be possible to facilitate the achievement of educational goals.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State party should not deprive another State of its capacity to achieve the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
Under this objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food in 1998 (now attached to you), which should serve as a reference framework for the adoption of a International Code of Conduct on the Human Rights of Adequate Food.
Many of these mandates have established links for human rights and development, including on education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a campaign of human rights-specific letters was completed to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Organization of the symposium in the New York Dato International Training Division.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile on the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that perpetrators of violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davisan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals outlined in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to reduce and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations, and to provide care for the infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and relevant bodies and organizations and non-governmental organizations, and to assist in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session, upon request;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in implementing this provision in different forums, and Cuba believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Por Counsellor Foul Over New Trade Plan by the West”, The East American, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like European Union partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Space and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems, marking, stockpile management and records, and cooperation among civil society.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received indicates that human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and impunity are widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, there were 415,000 persons under-employment in Spain, of which 68 per cent were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax exemption factor for the buyer, and it is stated that the percentage of wage income required to pay the first-year-old fee is paid.
The cannabis plantation, which exceeds 236 hectares, was also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and older women, including young and older women, will focus on the establishment of networks, exchanges of information, knowledge-sharing and alliances among countries and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace, and further promote and implement the Convention and all other international normative instruments that promote women's human rights.
They can also only resort to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or remedies.
“... it is fundamentally difficult to say that a State is free to take a decision on the question of who the property belonging to its territory belongs to it.
See ibid., pp. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Vellschaft in the Barcelona Traction case (initial objection), I.C.J. Reports 1962, p. 59.
For any offence to which this article applies, the State party shall endeavour, in accordance with its domestic law, to expedite the extradition process and to streamline the evidentiary requirements related to it.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Corruption Initiative in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Most of the delegations that participated in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee were of the view that the definition of “international organization” was not necessary, since the term had been clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that it was preferable to use mandatory language.
There was also a discussion of the concept contained in the final language of this paragraph.
No comment has been made on this article during the draft text on second reading of the Ad Hoc Committee at its fourth session.
At the same time, there is a need to retain adequate national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Expert Working Group on the Guidelines on International Accounting and Reporting submitted the report of the Group on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITC/DOD/DOC/03/01)
Policy issues relating to investment and development
This variance is attributable primarily to lower official travel costs and lack of training, as the number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, in the light of this question, the Committee was not requested to decide whether Mr. A had been expelled from Sweden in violation of its obligations under article 3 or any other article of the Convention, and to decide whether he had been subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of the ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups, paving the way for the meeting of the Commission of Ituri, held from 4 to 14 April 2003 and for the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) The knowledge management and human resources implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
Therefore, because Venezuela shares the deep satisfaction of the efforts of many countries to achieve international efforts to achieve peace and security, which have recognized the detrimental effects of illegal trade in diamonds, which have contributed to armed conflict and delayed and impeded the pursuit of peace and security in countries directly affected by them.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre.
1994-1997 Chairman of the National Civil Education and Electoral Supervision Organization.
• Abortion Offences, Senda Press
One of the aims of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to increase agricultural productivity.
In the second consecutive year, the month of January was declared as a counter-narcotics campaign.
“The target for 2004-2005: percentage of deployment requirements and rapid deployment or standby lists for all personnel using the standby system”
With respect to multilateral treaties, the European extradition treaties (19577) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions could be described as a way of a particular approach between languages and war.
The exchange of views among representatives of Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academics, non-governmental organizations and civil society was able to engage in a frank and in-depth dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and application of targeted sanctions, making contributions to the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on arms embargoes and travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, a two-thirds majority of mankind remained under colonial power, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by a vote, which constituted the basis for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In the broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of persons and their victims of racism and their impact on their own development, but also to the development of communities, as a result of racism and racist systems, the community has been repeatedly thwarted because they do not have access to some development paths that can be explored by other communities, as the country is now prepared to celebrate the independence of 200 years, but it has helped the past.
Annex
In 2003, the Working Group held thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
The Government of Iran reported on 23 October 2003 that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Court of Human Rights has also been established to try cases of gross human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Bata as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region.
Therefore, the international community actively supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all peace and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
The UNHCR Commissioner once again emphasized the relationship between asylum-seeking and migration and reaffirmed that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly review the reasons for such complementarity, and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Klein and proposed a direct meeting.
In addition, following the presentation by Mr. Klein, it was possible to propose the following means: not only to enable the Treaty to remain in force, but also to apply it to the new modalities established by the Agreement on the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, in addition to the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also the territorial integrity and security of its two allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be considered in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transbroad Air Pollution.
Annex
(c) The chemical burning of gas agents is higher than 20 thousand J/k, and there is no fire in the light of fire during the fire test, as described in section 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing goals under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the serious escalation of Israeli action, which could lead to a dramatic deterioration in the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally established the Autonomous Republic of Georgia and Abkhazia as the Autonomous Republic of Georgia, as amended accordingly.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations for the people of Western Sahara and reaffirms its support for the efforts to organize and oversee the referendum on self-determination of the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to provide a positive response to their own requests in order to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and, in this regard, welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
To strengthen the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups have moved steadily towards the synchronization of the programming cycle and streamlining and coordination of procedures, the establishment of the United Nations House in many countries, the gradual implementation of results-based management and budgets, the establishment of effective means of collaboration between the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDG), as well as their relationship to the Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs in a growing number of a number of countries, are achieving the objective, namely, namely, to achieve the achievement of the achievement of the achievement of the achievement of achieving the United Nations development cooperation for achieving the United Nations development cooperation for the United Nations development cooperation for development cooperation.
Voluntary contributions are provided separately to organizations in accordance with the actual operations, mandates and scope of each organization.
• Central government expenditure by category and use represents a percentage of all Central Government expenditures
In addition, advocacy for the broader reading of the population is being compiled in the text of the Principles, such as the preparation of a book on Principles in Indonesia under the auspices of international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia.
12 noon Press by the Spokesperson
They have shown that action at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters does contribute to alleviating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan looks forward to further improving the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other bodies, such as through the consolidated appeals process, to address the forgotten crises more effectively.
There is a certain degree of uncertainty regarding the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures to be taken in this regard.
(c) The request made by the Economic and Social Council.
However, since there is a strong debate within the Burundian society, it has been released after five days.
They are victims of a large number of violent incidents by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon, which shows a sense of awareness and hopes to fight the fear that the military will bring to them, with the help of the judicial system.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or legal or laboratory persons or laboratories consulted in their national territory, with the accreditation of qualified persons to conduct laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacy and biology studies;
Expresses its appreciation to the United Nations News Journalists Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Award Fund, which sponsored journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to enable it to increase the number of scholarships to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing them together as youth partners to identify and formally propose a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partnership to prevent HIV infection among young people.
In the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark on its initiative to lead the development of a draft guidance note on the mobilization of financial resources (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider at the present session without a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of English, French and Spanish, which had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat in decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties on the Web site, was not the official United Nations text of the decision, and that the Conference of the Parties had issued the Amendment to the embargo accordingly.
Further information is available on the following Web site: firstapgef@.unep.org (the “notice bard”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be adopted for serious accountability and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training course.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 211)
No document is submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on the Protection and Human Rights.
This model thus confirms that other departments, offices and organizations of the Secretariat, as well as organizations of the United Nations system, are responsible for providing information, working closely with media, Member States and civil society partners to coordinate, improve, express and disseminate content.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service in Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in the countries of the West African Economic and Monetary Union, in the context of the linkage between money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay particular attention to the self-determination option available to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Ecea (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in response to the first set of questions raised by members, asked whether there were a third gender or the Special Rapporteur's sexual orientation only in the individual.
Therefore, if a member State submits a request for interpretation of language or language in other languages, the delegation concerned will incur the costs.
WFP provided for basic English-speaking knowledge as necessary in all circumstances, while UNFPA provided for the practical requirements for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services throughout the world, as well as the field office information services, have produced raw printing in various local languages.
Arabic; Chinese; English; English; law; French; German; India; intention: Italian; Portuguese; Portuguese; Russian; Russian; and Spanish: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support personnel, as well as freight and telecommunications.
(b) Approve the envisaged framework for the medium-term plan for the period 2003-2006, as contained in document E/ICEF/2003/A/L.7 table 4, including the preparation of up to $151 million for regular resources programme expenditures, to be submitted to the Executive Board in 2004.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources is provided to facilitate dialogue with Governments to advance their normative duties through a network that is primarily responsible for the field offices that promote technical cooperation.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to facilitate the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the unequal access to the labour market and the fact that women are generally limited to work in the agricultural sector and in the informal sector, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that significant action had been taken to put an end to the pandemic's proliferation priority, including the publication and enactment of the 2002 HIV/AIDS Prevention and AIDS Prevention Act, working with stakeholders on the development of a comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programme, providing affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
While appreciating the efforts made by the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to seek substantive equality, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Committee remains seriously concerned about the systematic discrimination faced by indigenous women in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify progress in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are adequately publicized and trained to law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been identified as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government to achieving social development.
The Slovak legislation on the export of arms and military goods is contained in Act No. 1799/1998 on the transactions of military goods, as amended.
These general ideas are contained in annex I, entitled “General's general advocacy” (the General Digest), which is part of the present report and should be read together with the present report.
With respect to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and certificates of shipment, but did not provide copies of the certificate.
In Sena, the SACE depreciation rate applied to the equipment and machinery was 28.65 per cent of the insurance policy “acquisition value”.
(b) North Refugee Project Contract, SCOP: Pension bond costs (“claim No. 5)
This claim refers to the alleged costs of evacuating employees from Iraq and their dependants, including travel and communications.
The Panel therefore considered the amount of USD 38,234,073 for contract losses, indirect costs/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, loss of funds, other losses and interest.
Where the claims have been found to be unable to provide such specific projects or claims, the claimant has been notified of such defects and has requested it to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“the article 15 notification”).
As a result, a security arrangement is required for the purpose of preparing a bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that poverty alleviation remains a top priority.
Mr. Menjor ( Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by integrating seven commitments effectively into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries on the integrated approach to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided a detailed opportunity to discuss financing for development operations.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globaloco/index.htm#forum).
Convinced that the peaceful, security and the self-determination of peoples of nations is a threat and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights of peoples, in whatever manner the use of mercenaries or the conduct of mercenary activities, regardless of their form,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the orders are effective for the period from 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue our efforts to implement the recommendations contained in the report of the Human Security Council.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response to those responsible was to participate in the work of the Commission and to be placed under the control of the Commission, not to be placed outside the Commission.
We are confident that the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues in the context of the cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legalized only by the political figures who have the power available through the ballot box.
During the previous, the Strategy and Business Plan 2000-2003, UNIFEM has significantly increased its work in this area.
The strategic results framework, as outlined below, will provide guidance on UNIFEM options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has been focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the recurrence of the RUF insurgency, the concern about the ability of the Sierra Leone Army to maintain its territorial integrity has been difficult to eliminate.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the ECOWAS ban on the moratorium on small arms trade in Western Africa.
Upon request, he was granted temporary access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that his passport was deposited with the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects on the implementation of United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can be improved in this regard, but it does require the cessation of all terrorist acts in the operative part.
Ms. Idrissisi (Morocco) said that, while the Moroccan Constitution recognized the right to work, the right to work was difficult to implement in the case of low economic level and the lack of effective social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of benzane sulfate were not accurate: the probability of success increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant the need for greater errors, resulting in lower life expectancy.
All interested parties must apply these measures.
The overall trend in the geostationary orbit market was also considered, and the trend towards the transfer of satellites from the operational geostationary orbit area was a result of the effective life of satellites.
Chapter ____
In UNCTAD, overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be carried out in the field of UNCTAD's expertise.
Any regional or sub-offices that the World Tourism Organization may establish should work closely with the offices or sub-offices established or may be established by the United Nations, in particular the offices of regional commissions and resident coordinators.
In the light of the foregoing, it is estimated that the general insurance contribution for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $7,578,000 and the general insurance premium for the management of United Nations property at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 is $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of the Official Document System will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With respect to this provision, article 41, paragraph 1, of the Convention requires States parties to report on the progress made in the measures taken and enjoyment of the rights and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
It is regrettable that delays have been serious since the Commission's inception.
The national policy on this aspect should be clearly articulated in the direction of the regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session, in the absence of reports and delegations.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Response Assessment Coordination (disaster coordination) system promotes coordination of humanitarian assistance.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries are committed to adopting policies to create people-centred development paths with a view to ensuring the creation of the necessary environment in their countries and the eradication of poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, materials, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
The issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and clean, modern energy services, have made significant commitments.
We encourage the two countries to speedily complete the delimitation of their common borders.
Particular concern was expressed at the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities, and that participants called for special attention from international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
To assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matia Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to shorten our statement and to distribute the long-term version of the national declaration.
Mr. Banini (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's appreciation to you for your election to the First Committee, the Chairman of the Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Stressing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to present an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action on the assessment of the role of the existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to identify areas where complementary international standards may be needed to help the Working Group fulfil its mandate to prepare additional international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the fundamental principles of its legal system, consider establishing a procedure for the removal of persons found guilty of crimes covered by this Convention within a period specified by a court order or any other appropriate means, by a court order or by any other appropriate means.
Such joint investigations can be agreed on a case-by-case basis.
There is little change in the position of nuclear-weapon States.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to hold an inter-sessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat on the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS), immediately after the end of the eighth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of the emancipation of fundamental rights and people remains a sacred responsibility.
It needs the care of the parties and the international community to help it develop.
First, while there is a strong normative framework on landmine issues, the resolution of unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will contribute significantly to the clearance efforts in post-conflict situations.
Overall, military peacekeeping forces have not implemented large-scale investigations, marking or mine clearance operations.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of a binding international instrument on explosive devices and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
The unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and the importance of a regional approach to addressing the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development in accordance with national policies and priorities;
The Agreement has been signed with major national awareness-raising campaigns organized by partner organizations in the urban poor, supporting non-governmental organizations, government levels, and with sub-partnership organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local government organizations, and the establishment of the National Information Campaign Commission in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal and the establishment of a regional commissions in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives, as a subsidiary organ of the Council, to enter into force immediately.
We will prevail on our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was endorsed by the National Economic Summit and the Parliament.
Africa is waiting for a multi-year reflection.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights as at 1 December 2003 (148)
Negative security assurances are that nuclear-weapon States have pledged not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts are unable to operate, and most basic facilities are damaged or looted.
Training will also be provided on the integrated logistics concept.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The electorate who has no permanent residence registration certificate on the date of the election has the right to vote in the district of the local administration of the local government where the registered place of residence is located.
Similarly, women can learn from special educational curricula and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for the development of general and functional labour skills for students with special needs, as well as vocational education.
The current social security model is based on the fact that social taxes are prerequisites for obtaining majority social security.
According to the “social security” Act, every person who has been living in the Republic of Latvia over the past 12 months has been under the right to receive a social insurance allowance for persons with disabilities in the country, but not only 60 months of the total number of persons (a Latvian citizen, non-citizens, aliens and stateless persons who possess personal status codes).
At present, Latvia's contribution to the State allowance for the children born before 1 January 1999 is the first foetus, 4.25 Latvia, the second half of the deaths of 1.2 times in Latvia, 680 in Latvia or the increase of 1.6 times in Latvia, the fourth and subsequent birth of 67.65 Latvia or the increase of 1.8 times.
Disarmament continues to be critical to making progress on the peace process under the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission, which had been dispatched last year.
General legal acts apply effective conditions, which deal with the lawful nature of the individual in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to the general recognition, in particular the recognition of the conduct of the State.
Specifically, the question is whether the State of conduct may unilaterally modify, suspend or rescind the act.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties associated with the assessment or the possible implementation of GHG mitigation schemes.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve their procurement measures in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular by streamlining registration procedures for vendors registered in another United Nations system, by, inter alia, using the Internet and on their respective websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
Therefore, my delegation would like to reiterate its urgent appeal to the best use of their positive impact in order to contribute to this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process is being initiated by other countries of the Great Lakes region.
However, no situation would stop the expansion of this new Great Lakes Economic Community (GEM) to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests were closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note the considerable progress made in the negotiation of the draft resolution on this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the Plan calls on developing countries to provide affordable energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing dependence on traditional sources of fuel for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are requested to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote the rights of rural women in access to resources, in particular land, inheritance and financial services and benefits.
Additional information was submitted by a number of Member States.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addresses the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation in combating terrorism and national action shall be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate was further elaborated in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and sanctions relating to travel and aviation.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS expects that this visit will be an opportunity to meet all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the self-government arrangements will be carried out with full care.
Mr. Meth (Australia): Mr. President, I thank you for convening this open meeting on the issue of the greatest importance to countries of the Pacific Islands Forum, as my colleague from Fiji.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance in those efforts.
For the years, Bougainville has suffered from the devastating effects of the proliferation of small arms, which are visible in the Solomon Islands, neighbouring countries of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the Transitional Group is complementary to our sustained commitment to other assistance to the people of Bougainville; this assistance is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The people!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system composed of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased non-formal, artificial and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question during the renewal of workload standards, namely, that the number of documents that have been translated into self-revision should be established to ensure the quality of translation into all official languages;
He replied to a number of specific questions, saying that the issue of the flow of natural persons was addressed through requests for the work on services negotiations and approval procedures.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel continues, despite the numerous calls of the United Nations and the international community to put an end to the violations and acts of aggression, in disregard of Lebanon's repeated warning of the dangers and consequences of such action, in many cases in Lebanon, intimidation and torture of Lebanese civilians and causing material destruction.
Palau
His Excellency Mr. Keith Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account its own negative impact on policies addressing poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team on the development of a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and strengthens the monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreements.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to the transnational network, making it necessary for the Algerian authorities to redouble their efforts to implement strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), other groups that continue to operate in Algeria and associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in this list.
It is pleased that it has made some recommendations to this effect, particularly with regard to the establishment of the Assistance Fund and the development of monitoring mechanisms, and has been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Tourism organizations successfully organized a 10-regional conference between March 2001 and April 2002 to share experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
The main objective of the meeting was to facilitate the sharing of experiences and views among the various stakeholders in the area of ecotourism, particularly those that were unable to participate in the regional preparatory meetings, which had been held.
Notes
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decision:
Adoption of the agenda
Statements under sub-item may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the issues.
The UNICEF Office for Somalia has effectively and strategic mobilization of available resources throughout the country, laying the foundation for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve reserve for the immediate equipment for future missions, there has been a remarkable progress in this area.
Background information:
The general view was that the application of legal issues was essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should include information on those issues in order to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidates
However, his delegation was of the view that decisions on reservations or the deletion of the accompanying footnote should be taken in conjunction with the discussion in chapter V.
The following are the strategic draft to be prepared to meet the commitments made in Sejoni for delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session expressed his appreciation to the Parties for their confidence in the post-election statement and thanked his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Barru, and the Bureau, for their efforts during his tenure.
The Conference of the Parties is now able to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limitation and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance given by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it has been emphasized that there is a broad consensus on the vital role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events have been effectively identified to all of us the way forward to poverty eradication, promoting development and ensuring peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and on the support of the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the initiatives already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system in the context of the thematic cluster on the various priority areas of partnerships, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such a process with a view to promoting a coherent response to the partnership between the United Nations system;
If this amount is not appropriated, for the sake of comparison, the exchange rate used is stated in United States dollars in the present table as the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics, vol. 465 (April 1991) for the exchange rate.
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost profits in the six contracts in the amount of USD 70,877,804, 146,724, USD 7,155, and USD 12,789, and USD 12,344.
In addition, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel selected the date of loss on 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as a result of the loss of control by the claimant in the assets concerned.
In addition, it was also requested that KNPC compensate ABB for the costs incurred by the third party prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 is included in the context of the present draft article a number of issues mentioned in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts but not addressed.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) To develop this model and take into account some of its earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission may wish to consider the following matters:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself and loss of profits and tourism (paras. 174 above, (c) subparagraphs (3) and (14)
The report should therefore focus on results or results and avoid highlighting the negotiating process or the attitude adopted by States in the course of negotiations or conclusions.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition might vary according to specific types of recognition.
Working methods
Therefore, the definition of objections should reflect the true intent of the objecting State rather than the position that the legal effect of the objection to the reservation, as stipulated in the Vienna Convention.
Unless the treaty otherwise provides or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation is effective only when a contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was noted that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the issue of the creation of international judicial bodies and their interrelationship.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this theory, see P.H.Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Paris Pedroone Press, 1979, p.288 or Frank Horn, Reservations and interpretative declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-224, and references quoted.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
The question of the modification, suspension, cancellation of unilateral acts was also examined, namely, whether States could modify, suspend or cancel unilateral acts, as they did such conduct.
Of these, some 916 persons have been detained for more than 20 years, and in the world the most prolonged prisoners of war.
However, some concerned officials seem to be interested to resume these services and to explore possibilities for a resumption of common services in recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in building and facilities management and conference services and can be used for the reference to common services at the VIC.
Ibid.
However, the United Nations can work with civil society organizations to make conflict prevention and sustainable peace more creative, forward-looking and more important.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar held in Walwal, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about the cases before the territorial courts,
For this reason, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this context, the situation of soil is suitable for the Pyongyang Pyongyang Act, which shows the areas where the greatest potential benefits are expected.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to the resolution.
Since 1997, the SeaWi FS has also enabled a global survey of rich land and marine plants, which has resulted in baseline measurements over the five-year period of five years in the main way of carbon entering the Earth's atmosphere in the life support system.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest levels of government to provide scientists with space data in many areas of research and applications;
However, there is a growing number of people who are increasingly breaking the silence and act more actively, and oppose the policy that obstructs normal relations with the family and Cuba.
Work is under way to develop an exception to common law, which can be defined as serious crimes within this framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States cooperation in recent years.
See the replies to subparagraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 financial assistants, eight were deployed to four districts (one General Service and one United Nations Volunteer in each district).
The contingents in the other sub-district will consist of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, two national staff members.
Questions that do not fall within the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee on the agenda of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b)
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: now half of the young couples of young children in Norway are unemployed.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in cases where rape and victim awareness is mutual, and this is another reason for the allegations.
Article 31
The situation was caused by cultural patterns and the social status of women, but the low level of labour market demand was also created.
At the same time, lower expenditures for rural households (i.e. 3 per cent lower income) indicate that rural households may have savings on 800 dinars per month.
The ILO Convention No. 135 (1971) on behalf of workers, which provides for the protection of the well-being of trade union representatives and workers' representatives in the same manner as employees, since they represent the individual and collective interests of employees, which are respected by the principles of national legislation.
1992-2001 data on the incidence of infectious diseases in Montenegro (excluding epidemics and AIDS)
In particular, Disabled Persons and their Environment, Alternative Learning Centres and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region based on a change in this situation and Israeli policies and on the basis of the presence of two States in Palestine and Israel.
1.2 With respect to the development of the bill, provisions should be made to finance or finance terrorist acts; to adjust domestic legislation to bring it into line with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Specific bodies of the law enforcement and defence of the State, namely the Chilean Armed Forces and the AFRC, are not subject to the general subjective prohibitions referred to in point 2.
Mr. Tantin (United States of America): The United States wishes to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled “The trial of Khmer Rouge”, without a vote.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish an early special chamber.
However, there is no justification for a State's reciprocity with respect to an internationally wrongful act of an international organization.
Notes
Thus, the Salvadoran judges are independent, at all levels, of the cases submitted to them.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom, which were subsequently reported, called “illegal, politically unacceptable”; according to which the arrangements would be discussed by the two States on what aviation measures of the European Union should apply to territory and should not be applicable to the territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to disseminate existing international rules and responsibilities in the field of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation efforts also require continued support, particularly in support of the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and in support of electoral preparations.
In addition, sustained support for human rights capacity-building needs to be supported and a well-developed child protection strategy is needed.
These issues constitute a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It was hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social commissions would redouble their efforts to promote youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him.
Report of the Committee on Programme Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, programme 8, chap. IV, sect.
I do not want to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a significant impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, demonstrated the usefulness of the forum, and the General Assembly, by its resolution 57/141, decided to renew the process for a further three-year period.
While efforts have been made, the problems caused by marine pollution remain far from being resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, specific problems remain in the field of ocean activity and require continued and concerted action by the international community at the international, regional and national levels.
The Conference marks another milestone in the lives of the Convention, as it will mark the tenth anniversary of the institution.
According to the Attorney-General's Office, its National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit has not investigated such crimes.
It is also planned to complete several work on strengthening security guards for premises (detailed glass, television monitors in the garage and the roof and public broadcasting systems upgrading).
Conclusions
Upon the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations should arrange for the inclusion of the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council or, where appropriate, in accordance with the rules of procedure, of the agenda of other organs or bodies of the United Nations.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has created a dedicated web site for human rights activities on the United Nations web site, which is linked to related issues.
National human rights institutions play a significant role at the national level in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties, and therefore they should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who has been in possession or use of radio or television equipment or any design or conversion of electronic means for illegal purposes shall send or receive a signal, which is only punishable by one (1) to three (3) years of life imprisonment.
Looking at the results achieved over the past decade, it is not surprising that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to propose their reform recommendations.
The veto constitutes a flagrant violation of the principle of the principle of sovereign equality between States under the Charter and of the principles of impartiality and democracy.
However, given the position of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not acted upon Israel, which means the encouragement of Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as threats to your country and the region, as well as possible trends.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of further review by the Board of Auditors, such as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival of inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“To improve the well-being of young people and to create employment opportunities for them, the action plans should take full account of the impact of ICTs on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize those obligations which the State party has assumed under its international instruments on human rights, and must not be construed as changing its obligations.
Human rights defenders have protested or tried in the implementation or through laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves have been the subject of security legislation in many countries.
As compared with previous national communications, Parties' third briefings have been greatly improved in the organization and policy reports of information.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The high-level meeting for two days will be held from 1 to 2 September, and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all members of the Conference and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to requests from the competent mandate bodies, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other related reports of the Secretary-General on land and agriculture in chapter 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, as well as to other relevant reports submitted to the Summit and its Preparatory Commission.
(d) The right to make a decision in the pre-trial in other cases, in addition to the cases appointed.
It has prepared a draft rules of procedure of the Council, a special contract agreement between the terms of reference of the Panel and experts serving on the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to hold substantive discussions on the issues raised by the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94) with a majority of time.
A developing country, even if more than 10 per cent of the infection rates like Uganda, is still able to reverse the upward trend in the rate of infection.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expanded donor base of UNFPA reflects the broad support of UNFPA-supported programme countries, as well as the common responsibility of UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/2210, Add.6, 9, 13, 14, 17, 20, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/2001/15/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/2001/15/Add.8, 2, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/2001/15/Add.8, 39, 43, 49 and 49; and S/2001/15/Add.11, 491 and 49; and 49; S/2001/15/Add.14;
Fourthly, the military revolution has not grown, the arms are increasingly complex and the boundaries between conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee agreed on the timetable.
This time shows that it does provide for the time limit for the transfer of responsibility to the Iraqi people, but it should be done in tandem with the political process towards the sovereign Government of Iraq.
This may lead to a demand for inconsistencies and other issues brought to the enterprise, making the business poor publicly available information for different purposes.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices, which are members of the United Nations Group of Experts, can play a significant role in this regard.
The examinations process should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment methodology is used, the IPCC good practice guidance guidance should be taken into account before the IPCC guidelines are available.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary meeting.
Upon completion of this work, we should — and I hope that we can — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) and, in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, the process aimed at determining the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Endorses, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to the acquisition of the United Nations integrated building through a first lease agreement with the United Nations, which will be owned by the United Nations when the land occupied by the building and the building will expire;
Environmental reporting and social reporting must be verified to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20),
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, and the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, as well as members of the European Union and the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) contributed significantly to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and negotiating capacity in developing countries through the sharing of national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade facilitation and diversification; (ii) greater participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) develop and implement trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technology in supply management.
UNDP has also improved cooperation with the regional commissions in some areas; however, the Executive Secretary agreed that it must be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the Regional Coordination Conference to ensure greater coordination of regional programmes and activities and the preparation of the Human Development Report.
The economic development of Asia has an impact on global commodity demand and supplies, which indirectly affect Africa.
Efforts were therefore made to ensure consistency in the policy on development frameworks at the consultative groups, round tables and country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) To assess the inter-agency nature of poverty eradication in the context of cultural and development and the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed a number of emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent droughts and the coffee crises in the Chidandga and Masu and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will be carried out within the framework of an integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
The spouse must be over 24 years.
Many major issues of concern, such as reform of international financial markets and trade conditions, control of environmental pollution, risk of global warming and epidemics, migration and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, are, of course, the governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/43/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of this proposal is to reaffirm Russia's readiness to issue early notification of the forthcoming spacecraft and its object and basic parameters.
4.5 Through the joint investment of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects have been introduced for rural women in poverty, focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in both 2 and 3.
However, only 7 per cent of the proportion of women in the interior with the help of doctors
It was also noted that the experimental plant produced UDMH, a more efficient and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has greatly expanded its scope over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international migration management, the misuse of international asylum systems and its impact on countries of origin.
The online training course is also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the most terrorist attacks in Bali on 12 October 2002 and the recent attack on the Malian Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with large cases, the Mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad-based alliance established at Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to convert the exchange rate into Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, Lebanon, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela after a comprehensive review of the number of countries that had adjusted the exchange rate of exchange rates to the United States dollar for the period 2001-2003 and the revised method of adjusting the exchange rate (value exchange rates) during the scale period.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the Committee will begin to apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations in the implementation of sentences,4 but it is understood that future budget requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account legal, administrative and financial reasons for each request;
The President also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
According to Order No. 134 of 5 May 2000 issued by the Prime Minister, the responsibility for drafting the report of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights was entrusted to a cross-sectoral working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A more detailed report will be provided after the Conference, not only reflecting the conclusions of the Conference, but also the discussion.
In favour:
Infant mortality is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxfam, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, for their common aspirations, promoted action and established the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 12 training courses for a total of 611 training participants, including Secretariat staff and government officials, interns, non-governmental organizations, depository library librarians and visitors.
In this context, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform the bank or the financial institution headquarters so that a computer system can be established to properly track the flow of money.
Draft resolution on terrorism
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on addressing the technical cooperation needs of the least developed countries in the context of the Integrated Framework for Trade-Related Technical Assistance to Multi-agency Countries and on scaling up South-South trade and poverty reduction activities driven by exports.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintained resources for all levels of language training, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Law on the Appointment of Federal Institutions
It urges the Government to ensure that the higher and advanced education of lawyers and judges is adequately covered by deepening understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, such cross-sectoral working groups have been established in many countries of the Federation, since the fight against trafficking can be successful only through close cooperation among the various units.
(1) States parties shall take temporary special measures to accelerate the realization of de facto equality between men and women and shall not be considered discrimination referred to in this Convention, nor shall it lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; these measures shall be discontinued after the goal of equal opportunities and treatment of women and men.
The share of women in the category B salary level in category B (equivalent to the executive branch) is 524 per cent (117 women and 104 men) in German staff, and in category C, the proportion of women is 53.7 per cent (375 women and 32 men).
a) Persons who raise children contributed to the society as a whole.
Women in cultural life can be added to the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure, on the basis of equality between women and men:
Total income for the full-time employee of manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the present time, Israel continues to increase tensions and thus attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conferences on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1995: Assistant Prosecutor in the Sanadas area of Ukraine (2.2 million people).
• Under article 500 of the Penal Code, the person who is assisted and instigating terrorist offences should be responsible for the crimes concerned if the perpetrators of the actual commission of terrorist acts are not able to be identified.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
The depositary should also be informed of the reasons why it is a pending issue when the depositary has transmitted information to other States parties on non-contracting.
Needless to say, the depositary will become a watchdoger and may lose the “mail office” character of which is created, according to the current law, it is wrong and, according to the proposed law.
Therefore, the Committee urges the Committee to pay greater attention to the situation of liability arising from activities of foreign ships and to pay greater attention to the efforts of flag States, registered States, and, where appropriate, the corresponding prevention cooperation efforts of port States.
It was also suggested that the latest trends in international law, such as the environment and economic law, were increasingly characterized by an integrated system, as the first step of the Commission to conduct a comprehensive inquiry into the rules and mechanisms for dealing with the possible norms of conflict identified in the relevant international instruments, and to analyse rules of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty legal rules, with a view to determining whether they were sufficient.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the decision of the Commission in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to clarify the conceptual linkage between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
UPDF withdrew from the police headquarters in Yambio camp and the town.
He understood States, but urged delegations to do their utmost to reach a compromise.
Germany recognized that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments would threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts to peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, decision makers wish to ensure that sufficient research personnel are served with a view to meeting the increased scientific capacity and the increased demand generated by knowledge.
Article
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two-year cycle focus will be determined at each policy session.
Policy documents of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and emerging technologies in enhancing national production and competitiveness, and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to facilitate the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
Parties and parties to armed conflict should take all feasible preventive measures in the regions affected by ERW under their control to prevent civilian populations, civilians and civilian objects from the hazards and effects of ERW.
The stockpiles of explosive ordnance should be tested regularly, as appropriate, to ensure that munitions are expected to play a role.
Welcoming also the active and strengthened review process of the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
While we are strongly committed to the fight against terrorism, it is necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process of law of law will not be violated.
Such reports help the sanctions committees to measure compliance with sanctions and to identify the technical assistance needed to improve implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 as an agenda for the work of the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
Policies for staff resources could be explored (see para. 19 above), including through the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office of Human Resources Management, to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large-scale or complex emergencies, and from the United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This enables WHO to benefit from the World Bank and to coordinate the relationship between the representative of WHO in Dili and the experts seconded from UNTAET (although the provision in this regard represents only a small fraction of the total WHO activities in Timor-Leste).
Details are found in the report of the Secretary-General of 4 October 1999 S/1999/1024.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I have the honour, Sir, to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU's recent emphasis on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in the context of the Common Foreign and Security Policy shows our desire for our joint efforts to be pioneering.
MOTAPM should not contain anti-personnel mines.
He welcomed the brief recognition of the impact of conflicts on the development of least developed countries.
The CGE recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also affirmed.
When the Conference on Disarmament is facing a stalemate, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that will be able to discuss the deliberations on the deliberations and the identification of disarmament guidelines — will continue to be the framework for an effective and fruitful exchange.
From the date of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We see this as an important gesture, which will seriously launch practical ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, representing the member States of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it does not have a total ban on landmines, but it has gradually gained broad support from the main mine-use and major producer countries.
At the same time, my Government has issued a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future, and I have nominated a diplomat who has served as an important post in Ose (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo considers that the draft model legislative provision on privately financed infrastructure projects in UNCITRAL represents progress in the real sense, which will enable States to harmonize their legislation and the Government of the Congo is also very pleased that it has decided to combine the Model Provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including the date and place
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme
Unless mine action is one of the priorities of the Ukrainian peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing landmines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for consolidating peace and initiating reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an Administrative Coordination Unit was established in 1997 to charge clearance and destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced his intention to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
Progress in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, with cumbersome procedures and even the countries that have reached the end point may feel themselves at the end of the process as sustainable debt levels.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of ERP will replace all existing systems used by headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts
Document DP/1997/2.
The prisoners who have been sentenced to a prison term of the last four months may be carried out through electronic means of monitoring.
UNEP noted its support for the work done by the Centre for Crime Prevention in the field of crime prevention and expressed its hope for cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit Conference, I believe that I have the responsibility to inform you of the decisions taken at this meeting in order to bring you to the members of the Security Council so that they take our position in the consideration of the above-mentioned issues.
If we continue our efforts on the basis of the basic points mentioned above, I am confident that we can set out new prospects for global security: human rights are respected in the face of threats to our era, including the threat of terrorism.
The remaining reports will be reported in the coming instalments.
The Panel compares the category “late claims” to the Palestinians and the entire “C” original claims, as well as to the groups in the total: the comparison with Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinians who have been submitted claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide a brief and highly descriptive information on a number of issues in which United Nations technical cooperation is representative to assist programme countries in decision-making and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this assertion, competition among United Nations technical cooperation providers will be selective, while overall coherence will be achieved through the process of preparation of country programmes.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop, in cooperation with relevant human rights institutions, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to give due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of the ongoing work of the Security Council on counter-terrorism resolutions;
The concept of a culture of peace, which includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, abandonment of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and mutual understanding among nations and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, is an integral part of almost all major initiatives covered by the concept of a culture of peace.
Contributions to the United Nations Development Fund for Women
For example, in participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces do not use a high-risk cluster bombs.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Committee (CRC/C/15/Add.201), para. 5,6.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at the United Nations Headquarters meeting on 6 March.
Countries that could not be allowed to report long-term national reports could not be allowed to cover those States that were interested in supporting and combating terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to respect, within the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, the maintenance of the safety and security of the personnel of the Agency, the protection and safety of the Agency's institutions, in accordance with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;3
Control
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, followed by resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes the provision of continuous nationality until the date of the request, which is relevant to individuals, on the basis of judicial reasons, should be extended to legal persons.
However, there are still some vulnerable employees who have been marginalized under the ten-year relaxation control in the labour market and are virtually denied protection from trade unions, although there are allegations of breaches of good faith, conciliation through employment relations has led to a number of confrontations in industrial relations, and has led to disputes such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation acknowledged that the ceiling on paid childcare leave would limit the participation of a number of fathers in the programme, particularly in view of the continuing wage differential between men and women.
In order to counteract the pressure from a group of men's rights, New Zealand has sought to focus on children who are demobilized from marriage or relations.
They were of the view that the Interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information sufficient to make recommendations by consensus and that all relevant criteria for the inclusion of chrysotile asbestos had been met, followed by the relevant procedures.
Table 3. Third “A” corrections
(c) Contribution of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolution
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The increase in the first net inflow was due to the rapid growth in the financial deregulation and European dollar markets in industrialized countries.
In the 1990s, official “reave” action became a major international mechanism to deal with debt-servicing capacity, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementation of HIPC II: meeting with the Bretton Woods institutions, the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative”, 7 HIPC Ministerial Meeting, Washington, D.C., 27 September 2002, www.dri.org.uk.
(h) A joint integrated third-party insurance plan should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387, para. 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), referring to the two sets of measures proposed to improve the quality of reports and analyses generated by special procedures, including the establishment of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and selection of appointed agents, the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines, and the strengthening of the Organization's capacity to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professional staff and good administrative support.
However, it is gratifying to note that there are 14 women's representatives from 99 representatives of the National Assembly and one woman in the six members of the Royal Prince Advisory Committee.
At the present time, the number of schools (secondary) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of the existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan for women in particular, the Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia is committed to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development into all sectors of plans and programmes to reflect the special needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not small, since Bhutan does not, like many other countries, prohibit divorce.
More than a half of the actions taken to combat this transaction will be driven by the diversion of sex workers into underground, so that they do not receive monitoring and treatment or provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
There is general recognition that trade liberalization will bring immense economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of ICT by all countries and narrow the digital divide.
Finally, the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission on Human Rights at its forty-third session, prepared a universally accepted instrument and recommended a format of the instrument, in accordance with the deliberations and discussions of the Open-ended Working Group of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee.
Both hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and suffered widespread damage; the second hotel was used as the centre of detainees and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotel referred to in the third claim hotel was widely burned by Iraqi forces.
In this connection, for example, the Panel concludes that, in respect of the three claims made by persons operating at the Kuwaiti hotel referred to in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that, given the nature of each case, the level of significant loss, the duration of reconstruction and the improvement measures as part of the rehabilitation, the first and the second claimant claimed to have been 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 as well as the third claimant on 31 March 1992 rather than 1 January 1993.
11.11 The value of the value of commercial securities should be calculated in response to the projections of cash flows and reserves and, through the assumption of expected profit and loss flows.
Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the serious threat to the safety, health and life of local civilians and members of humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and recognition of the law, science and art, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution to the Iraqi friends who share their common value should be responded to the wishes and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
Gross national income per capita has fallen to almost half of 2000.
Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (Office of the Organization in the Occupied Territories), para.
The Advisory Committee recommends to the Executive Board the approval of the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the staffing level proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and the approval of the 2004-2005 projection based on the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
It was therefore resigned that the Office of Internal Oversight Services had visited two United Nations information centres.
Annex
Source: Statistical data on higher education in Spain and the Ministry of Science and Education, based on statistical data from the Spanish National Statistical Office.
In the total mortality of the population, there were 371,102 deaths in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The Network is composed of professional staff, working to promote the special issue of women's health as a component of its research into programming and surveys.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments to the situation listed above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
It is undoubtedly a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
Children are the main victims of armed conflict in many countries of the world.
The United States maintains its support for the minimum age of recruitment or use of non-State actors for hostilities as a national actor.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts of the Board in monitoring the implementation of relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* The submission of this document has been delayed due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be seen as an efficient functioning when the public sector is effective or “effective”, consistent with the objectives governing its functioning.
Decisions of the Conference.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to this view, a comprehensive approach cannot yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund to the “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Chief Executive on the understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) concerning the orderly transfer of authorities in the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_299v.htm (for text)
Promotion of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be derived from the knowledge generated by external evaluations, project monitoring and/or implementation of the project, through the “on track-learning”.
While there is little understanding of the improvement of the degree of knowledge and understanding of the changes in behaviour, they can be useful in complementing and increasing information and action on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the Bouaké area, the Forces nouvelles does not allow military liaison officers to have full freedom of movement; in Man and Buna, they allow only the control of the military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in the development of relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre in this regard through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In its efforts to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis in the Security Council, Angola has always advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their outstanding work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on preambular paragraph 1 and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions.
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to spare no effort to enhance the Committee's capacity to comply with the Protocol, it was also recognized that the change of baseline data was a serious matter and that it could be accepted only if the Committee was fully satisfied that the changes were sufficiently justified, and that the Commission had proposed an approach to future submissions.
He concluded by noting that, in the context of both significant atmospheric changes, the environmental impact must make us more justified by the efforts to protect the ozone layer: the speed we have achieved, the damage will be less costly.
(ii) In addition to the necessary uses to which Parties may approve, the consumption of methyl bromide is terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the reduced plan;
In a port security programme, the Netherlands has signed an instrument of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including between the public and private sectors, such as cooperation between the police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed does not receive an appropriate notification of the appointment of an arbitrator or the arbitral proceeding [in such case, the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings before the arbitral tribunal is heard by the parties]; or
It was further explained that the draft amendment was intended to have the discretion of the court to deny recognition and enforcement of an interim measure, not only if it was satisfied that there was significant problems but also that the issue was an appropriate basis for denying enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of this provision should avoid unnecessary derogation from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In this connection, the Working Group considers that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less favourable to the need to refuse enforcement, it does not contradict the uniformity sought by those model provisions.
C. Factors for determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously held that Internet commodity advertising was merely an invitation (invitatio ads of referral) and considered that a binding contract was established only when the seller had accepted the buyer's price (for offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Department is primarily responsible for combating money-laundering as follows:
It is clear that the crime must be committed in Italian territory or, in any event, must be within the jurisdiction of the Italian Penal Code.
First crime
Annex
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the State Court of Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqri and Freiz Deliu came from the city of Vitina, accused of terrorist activities, illegal weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reaffirmed that the Joint Liaison Group should, as appropriate, invite the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; that the SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical documents prepared by the IPCC to the work on inter-agency cooperation between biodiversity and climate change; and that the SBSTA took note of the efforts of the Joint Expert Group on the theme and activities under the UNCCD to strengthen cooperation;
Harvard University (Population of 2003): Prof. Robert Kennedy, Professor and Prof. Philip Manman, taught the course entitled “Advancement of justice”, analysing the various forms of crimes committed by the Prosecutor at the national and international levels in the exercise of the functions of the public and private law and organizing a seminar on “Human rights, international commercial, corruption and the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility (GEF), in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue in order to implement more effectively the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the Global Environment Facility (GEF) entity, drawing on the lessons learned from projects and programmes funded from GEF, and to seek to streamline these guidance and report thereon to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should act in a flexible manner as a framework for action driven by the State to address the specific needs and circumstances of the Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, bearing in mind the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considers that it is preferable to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange and not to adjust the exchange rate to prepare the current scale.
The European Union is of the view that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, adjustments to some assessments should not, in any case, lead to the improvement of other Member States as stipulated in the scale adopted by the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is a territory organized, but not merged by the United States of America.
The Code of Civil Rights includes, among other things, the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and religion.
One issue of concern for recent years is the drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of the interests and interests of civilians by all parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the parties to the conflict to seek lasting peace.
A senior diplomatic home was seconded with the “Mon Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to serve as a permanent Ambassador for a year in the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Network for Communications.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation aimed at Gedo and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the amendments to the Security Council sanctions Committee and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Order of the Amir of the Ministry of Education, issued on 7 January 1979
As a result, OIOS terminated nine of its original 13 audit recommendations and reaffirmed four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving in the General Assembly: special members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/575)
For any offence to which this article applies, the State party shall endeavour, in accordance with its domestic law, to expedite the extradition process and to streamline the evidentiary requirements related to it.
Unless the State party to which the person is transferred pursuant to paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees, the person shall not be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction on his or her liberty in the territory of the State which has been transferred as a result of his or her departure from the territory of the State of which the State has been transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutional, public sector management, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall provide to the Conference of the States Parties, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, information on its programmes, plans and practices and legislative and administrative measures taken to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within recognized borders.
North-East Asia peace and security and international non-proliferation positions must not allow North Korea to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Ministry
Are there other benefits to strengthen domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised Guidelines 6 (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96), providing guidance on the access of States and other actors to prevention, medical, care and support opportunities within the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic entered the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should begin on 21 April from the date of its election.
The revised appeals are still modest and only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the realization of equality between women and men under article 2, paragraph (2), and article 3, of the Covenant.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures within the country to ensure that families have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the lands that have been inherited from the generations and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines contained in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
A joint statement by non-governmental organizations should be encouraged.
They also contain a very useful definition of terms — such as “by their surface” or “spect sites”, which have different meaning in a paper environment and electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and restrictions on the achievement of the main development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations during the past decade
Activities
The establishment of conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and the provision of necessary support for rehabilitation.
The Arab Labour Organization believes that the following forms of assistance must be provided to all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, business businessmen organizations and workers' organizations:
- A wide-ranging coalition will provide assistance in the development of relevant normative work on radio and television production.
In addition, it is encouraging high-income and middle-income countries to contribute to the core resources of UNICEF in their capacity to avoid increasing reliance on a limited number of donors.
Many of them clearly reflect the interface between UNDAF and UNICEF contributions to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Unit has publicized the training programmes related to the prevention of capital and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their production and production, but illegal production has begun to be expanded from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that the organization and substantive preparations had been planned; most of the pre-session documents that had been circulated to all members of the Committee and had been posted on the internal website of the Committee of Permanent Representatives; and that the final version approved by the editor would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Add to the first preambular paragraph
Official exports were reported to have reached $29 million between January and May 2003.
No one made a statement under this item.
Stresses that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to enhance the quality of conference services and to ensure the highest cost-effective and timely delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, activities such as the African Development Forum will be carried out, which aims to achieve consensus on important issues in Africa's development and to develop a collective African perspective on these issues and ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on girls' education and that illiteracy had also affected women's employment, and that it was clear that urgent remedial measures were needed.
UNICEF specifically supports the provisions of national cooperation programmes.
The examples are used only for the purposes and cannot be made one.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue its close review of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
The United States-led Joint Command, “United States Head of the United States”, has been unilaterally used as a “United Nations Command” and continues to be misused to counter the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Fifty-seventh session
These consultations include the participation of the President in the Conference on a draft general comment on the draft general comment organized by the Centre for Housing Equality, the Women's Economic Equality and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2.
The obligation to investigate and prevent the perpetrators of human cloning is enshrined in this article.
The joint fact-finding team of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
The Human Rights Officers continue to provide advisory services to the local people.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories
Table 1 shows gender distribution by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reported on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at this session and presented policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization, entitled “Peace-life-saving for women: the initiative for skilled care”, received a grant of $8 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund for five years, significantly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Piquerte Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General the Charter of the International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges, held in Port.
This is defined as the long-term or temporary eviction of houses or lands in which individuals, families and communities, in violation of their wishes, have not been, or cannot invoke appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the recent findings from the United Nations and other interested studies on the analysis of the impact of sanctions have not yielded such effects.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is important that the courts or tribunals describe the nature and impact of the Convention, as well as judicial remedies, play an important role in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - The right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the public responsibility system, and the activities funded by the State are more such.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the two preamble to the Convention: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should pay greater attention to the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
National indigenous peoples provide resources to assist them in the design, supply and management of water resources; nomadic people have adequate water in traditional or designated habitats; refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees, both in refugee camps and in urban and rural areas.
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
The National Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar institutions should be allowed to address cases of violation of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in complying with their reporting obligations.
Each State party has generally pointed out the means to declare a state of emergency as set forth in its legal system and the applicable provisions for derogation from the law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), the charges may be presented in an oral or written manner, subject to the law and facts on which they are based.
In interpreting the scope of permissible restrictions, States parties should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as contained in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interaction of many articles can be ensured the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be enforced, and in the framework of each national electoral system, the votes cast by the voters should be equal.
The State party must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs that may interfere with women's right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights also provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice their own religion or language.
In order to ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, financial resources (including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, buildings, and any financial control that does not affect their independence.
Government departments can only be consulted.
It is clear that the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in any future programme of work on decolonization.
Therefore, we do not propose it as a formal draft resolution, but rather hope that delegations will be given an opportunity to consider them and decide how we can do.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work of the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit for 2005, and to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermuda.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high standard of living and the highest level of power in the world.
The average pension income of persons over the age of 54 is USD 11,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education for the population of Bermuda is a major aspect of its comparative advantages compared with other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal and criminal justice experts; Chief, Public Administration; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; interpreters for penal and criminal and other publications; officials and members of specialized agencies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular the funds and programmes, as long as possible contributions should be made on a multi-year basis, and emphasizes the need to further explore other sources of financing, which are complementary and not replaced by traditional sources;
Notes the enhanced cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, cooperation and coordination, including through full reference to the priorities of recipient countries, including through further harmonization of strategic frameworks, approaches, model and partnership arrangements, and, in this regard, stresses the importance of ensuring further coherence between the funds, programmes and agencies of the United Nations, and the institutional frameworks designated by the Bretton Woods institutions, and national poverty reduction strategies, including poverty reduction strategies;
Stresses the need to enhance the institutional capacity of those countries, in accordance with the needs of the least developed countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, and to provide adequate support for the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and its subsequent decision to devote the coordination segment of its first meeting to the review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of these agreed conclusions,
Bearing in mind also the work programme annexed to the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration of the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, aimed at linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure the interoperability of the two persons,
(d) Transfer and introduction of new technologies alone through foreign direct investment and other channels do not ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that four members of the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Institute for Social Development were eligible for a four-year term of office: Yak Etik (Turkey); Elizabeth Eil (Argentina); Maria Paflo-Solkaya (Russian Federation) and Saemema Su (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and non-discrimination in this regard, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's Housing and Integration Foundation
(d) Notes that the Committee is no longer considering complaints by States concerning the following organizations:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, production, import and/or export DDT to provide the secretariat with relevant information on the use of the draft format and the activities of the survey questionnaire for six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be as follows:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedure had been concluded for the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare a guide for discussion at the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
The five keynote speakers made a statement on the subject of the trend towards trafficking in persons, with particular emphasis on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to the issue of trafficking in West Africa, it was reported that traditional forms of rural children's education were placed in urban households, which in some cases became a form of trafficking.
UNITAR Workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions and on the drafting and adoption of resolutions in English
No signs of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activity were also found.
Question of Tokelau
In their efforts to combat terrorism, States should not have any tendency to ignore the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director presented a year-end projection to the Executive Board in the report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3) and UNOPS has actually achieved better results than that projection in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to the Al-Muthanna abandoned facility site.
Article 19 of the Migrants Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed important and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution as orally revised at the previous session.
In the same clear objective, our countries, through the Organization of American States, have called upon other States in our region to respect or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of the establishment of a panel of experts deserves consideration, and the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the Panel of Experts and carry out specific verification tasks after the Security Council has been authorized.
Here, it should be mentioned in particular that the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Commission will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
While corporations are the principal legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may require such protection.
The provisions of paragraph 1, paragraph 2, or paragraph 3 of this article are applicable regardless of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar procedure is relevant to the dispute that is or has been the subject of a conciliation procedure.
I thank them for their presence and for all those they have done to resolve the crisis peacefully.
However, in order to maximize the impact of the Unit on the cost effectiveness of its activities within the United Nations system, it is not sufficient to improve the quality of the formulation and recommendations of the programme of work.
The team completed its work on an hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
Under the terms of annex V to the Convention, in 2005, a thematic network (the consultants and travel of participants) was assisted in the organization of the Ministerial Meeting of States Parties in Northern Mediterranean (including consultants, logistics and travel of participants) in 2004 and contributed to the participation of non-EU country Parties in Annex IV in 2004 and contributed to the launch of a regional workshop on the region ($3,000);
In the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council, at the end of 2002, published 13 draft strategic objectives to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year aid agreement (2004-2007).
“f) Maintenance of a fixed place of business in the event referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio approach, provided that the overall activities of the fixed place of business, which resulted from the combination of such activities, are preparatory or complementary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and the previous reports will contribute to the assessment of the action taken by Member States and to the recommendations on improving the current measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) For the purposes described in subparagraph (a), the seizure of a large number of assets or property and the return of the assets or property to the exchange of conditions for the exchange of information, shall be punishable by paragraph (1).
The Republic of Korea Women's Club of the Republic of Korea, Seoul, launched a Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group, which reported sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of subsidies paid for a one-time period is determined by an annual decision by the Minister of Labour.
The share of women in the agricultural population remains 50 per cent in 1990 and is still 51.6 per cent in 1998 and 2000 and women have become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts resulting in changes in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are effective only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against racism and supporting peoples
The discussion recorded in this summary record began from 2.25 p.m.
For the latter, what will be presented at the Committee's session?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that the intention of IMF was not to develop a standard, but rather to recognize the standards already developed by the international community.
We reaffirm Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis for inter-State relations and that mutual respect and aspirations for peace are the bonds of countries that are large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special session of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council in March this year, organized with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova and Moldova presented a summary report on the counter-terrorism activities of the Group.
It is this information that has led to the various summits of the Millennium Declaration and subsequent years, including, inter alia, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
The representative of Belize, nominated by the representative of Belize, also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that there was no change in the allocation of resources between the various language units of the United Nations Radio.
With regard to agenda item 4, on LDCs, he noted that effective and sustainable capacity-building in LDCs was a complex issue and needed a long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the International Development Indicators Plan for Poverty Reduction is to achieve at least 7 per cent per year the GDP growth rate and a 25 per cent investment rate of GDP.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people did not receive important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from the Group of Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to seek sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Forthcoming official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The following are the issues mentioned in the comments under the present agenda item and examples of relevant action.
Recalling Council resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group on the request of any post-conflict African country, and Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in and prostitution, the Government has adopted a series of measures, with the financial support of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Christian Women's Network of the United Nations Office in the country, published in November 2001 a booklet entitled “The issue of trafficking in persons: imagination and reality”.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the budget estimates for the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $0.5 million, of which $429 million were programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for administrative and administrative expenses.
The costs of the Office's operations were partially offset by a special-purpose contribution from the Russian Federation to the Foundation (designated for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held its preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Dhanapala (Ireland)
Notes the continuing work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, at its plenary meeting, a report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5.2 of the Constitution of UNIDO, the request for the restoration of the right to vote by Lithuania was agreed;
Noting with satisfaction UNIDO's valuable support for the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at the development and improvement of the Palestinian industrial sector, and in particular the encouraging results achieved in the pilot phase of the project that began in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat shows that Africa is a long-term problem.
Even with the most optimistic growth prospects of the world economy, it seems hard to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at Cancún was another concern.
Those working in the sanctions Committee are fully aware and the same name is once again present.
We would like to recommend that this approach be further adopted on a regular basis in Africa and elsewhere.
The outcomes of these different discussions should be a reference to the Council's deliberations on the issue.
(d) To further recognize, in particular through training to criminal justice officials and other interested persons, the obligation to respect the needs and the important role of victims of trafficking, through the following measures, in investigating and prosecuting such crimes:
Ms. Sims explained the difficult situation in the global use of the term “indigenous peoples”.
Wendland outlines future sessions of WIPO on the work and plans of traditional knowledge.
He again met with the high-level ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture and the Minister for Land Affairs, Ibrahim Sarun, and Im Chiunem.
The proposed programme will also require broad consultation, knowledge-based public debate and active consultation with judges and prosecutors in the future and will also have strong political will to overcome the gap between “legal regions” and “real regions”.
As the end of the armed conflict, large land has become a valuable asset, forcing the military to assert ownership of the former theatre and remote areas under its control.
The analytical process leading to the development of the Standard Rules was the result of the joint efforts of many international organizations and individual experts, including the Group of Experts, which had been members of the Group of Experts of the Monitoring Mechanism on Disability and the Standard Rules.
The relevant Australian authorities are investigating this issue in Australia with the support of a number of entities identified by Australia.
While he was aware of the differences in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development, he pointed out that those differences should be taken into account in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he pointed out that they should not be the reason to weaken the extent to which the objectives of the future convention were achieved.
A number of mid-term reviews found a number of awareness-raising campaigns too broad, and therefore UNFPA was recommended to maintain appropriate focus at the country level and to select focused advocacy activities in specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully reviewed the report with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
Annex
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the International Conciliation Quartet, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations on the issue of the “roadmap” for peace in the Middle East
The third of the explosion was killed and more than 200 people were injured.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission to help complete the transition process and follow-up action at the end of this year's mandate.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina noted in particular the contribution made by the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard cited important documents published by the United Nations.
According to its statute, the Foundation's main objective is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote the development of a culture of anti-ballistic conflict among society, especially among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals working to combat and combat organized crime.
Section 4
We note the ongoing work to streamline and harmonize programming tools, as well as the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national dominance.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, enhanced coordination and reporting on oversight and evaluation performance.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping military exercises on “Byongoho 2003”, held in Vilni, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the Consultative Process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after the words “by programme managers”, insert the words “as mandated”.
The Committee is of the view that the repatriation grant to United Nations staff who are expected to retire has been obsolete after 50 years, and that the International Civil Service Commission must review it.
The Committee notes the objective of the integrated CEB secretariat to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response to policy directives and mandates of Member States, and looks forward to the implementation by CEB of the relevant parts of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Commission considered section 35 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Commission emphasized the need for CEB to review the inter-agency coordination issue on NEPAD.
The door-to-door transport questionnaire replies to the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, the issue of railways must be taken into account.
Experts responsible for the establishment of a web profile workshop made important recommendations, which should be considered by the General Assembly.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies from the average of 37.7 per cent (6 per cent).
(c) Claims for loss of tangible property
The claimant also states that the transfer agreement was reached on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not signed solely on the basis of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The D claims report covers the review of individual claims for damages above $1 million; E1 claims report covers claims for review of oil sector claims; E2 claims report covers claims for review of claims for non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities; E3 claims report covering the review of claims for non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering; and F4 claims related to environmental claims; and reports on Palestinian claims relating to individual claims relating to the review of claims for the maximum amount of USD 10 million.
Decision on the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Company, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) since September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities were initiated in Chile and Uruguay.
In Ethiopia, several waste disposal plants have been established, and a number of African countries have launched a process of optimizing their activities (lean technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19, and orally revised the dates of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee in paragraph 16 of the operative paragraph, namely, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the preparation of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/241 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries particularly affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation, but also in the development of legislative capacity to implement legislation
(m) The importer must obtain a copy of the import licence and export licence from its local authorities before importing;
(f) States could enhance cooperation in the exchange of information on weapons shipments and measures should be taken to ensure the legitimacy of shipments in airports, seaports and border areas;
At the country level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions for the implementation of a standard computerized debt management system in the Department of Finance and/or the Office of the Central Bank, who will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level))
2 P-4 (case manager)
• Working with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section on the drafting of a complaint document (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and legal submissions (in particular with regard to evidentiary and procedural questions)
The objective of the subprogramme is to monitor and process the appeals process before the Appeals Tribunal, as indicated below:
• A large number of requests for participation and compensation for victims of the effective treatment of the Section have not resulted in unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance-16 month (P-2)
Therefore, the first half of 2004 will be the time for the Secretariat to be able to build its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the health of women, and Luxembourg is currently investigating research in order to obtain sex-disaggregated data on infant and child mortality, breastfeeding women, prenatal and post-natal care, and demoralization.
Nothing in this article shall be interpreted to undermine the rights of third parties in good faith.
This Convention does not exclude the exercise by the State party of any criminal jurisdiction established under its domestic law, without prejudice to the norms of general international law.
The requesting State party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken to implement this request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States parties concerned, those States Parties may consider adopting this Convention on the basis of this Convention and mutual law enforcement cooperation for any offence covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and emphasizes that if the Convention is fully, universally and effectively implemented, the possibility of the use of chemical weapons will be further advanced in order to the interests of all mankind, through the fundamental elimination of the possibility of using chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General to develop, where necessary, measures, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to prevent discrimination on the basis of the principles of the Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds) and to give due consideration to the recommendations that are consistent with the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as a standard measure in developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a country with extreme poverty, and the text in the box below describes how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between the various initiatives and work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you intercepted listed individuals at your entry points or in transit?
Another speaker said that it was time for greater efforts to inform the world about the broad impact of the work of the United Nations.
Environmental
Financial incentives: insurance for grants, credit subsidies and preferential prices; fiscal incentives: duty-free, reduced or exempt taxes on profits, capital, labour, marketing, value-added and imports; and other incentives, such as infrastructure subsidies and public installations.
In particular, in the implementation of cluster development programmes, it should be borne in mind the following good practices:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has proposed the same recommendations (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11).
The scope of the event during this period is wide.
The first time of the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 included the concept of gender mainstreaming in the budget document as adopted by the Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions 1997/2 and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the General Assembly requested all bodies dealing with the programme and budgets, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, the medium-term plan and the programme budget are clearly gender mainstreaming.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped the destruction of property, the confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youth, the closure of roads, the layout of Israeli settlements, restrictions on movement and other measures to allow extremist Jews to enter the holy sites in East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern at the increasing restrictions on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations, owing to attacks and threats,
It was stressed that results-based management was a requirement for the full implementation of the Tribunal's work and that the Tribunal's work should be cited as expected results in the context of appropriate consideration of the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: statements by the President on an annual basis by the General Assembly; and participation in meetings on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Other five cases concerned seven accused; they were one accused in the Semanza case, one accused, one accused, one accused in the Niyitgeka case, one accused, one accused in Kajelijeli and three accused in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also pointed out that Charles Li, a United States citizen, was arrested and sentenced for three years for attempting to interfere with the broadcasting of television programmes; that Nancy Chen, a Australian citizen, was abducted by the China National Security Service; that Yui Zhang, was sentenced for the preparation and publication of articles on the status of China's Falun Gong members; and 16 were sentenced to demonstrations by the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States of America of their responsibilities in responding to hostility towards Islam and hostility towards Arab phenomena.
The Special Rapporteur emphasized the serious nature of these allegations, noting that it was not the first communication on such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not responded to its communications.
The concept of freedom of public information itself is an important element of the most fundamental human rights, namely, the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries will realize their greatest aspirations, namely, to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be the base of the Global Alliance against Terrorism.
I am confident that, before attempting to modernize the United Nations instrument, careful analysis and careful judgement must begin first.
The authorities were set up, as was the same as the car.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health or other institutions of the State to monitor national objectives and plans aimed at improving reproductive health and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events make the Special Rapporteur more determined to do everything within his mandate to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in human rights culture and to bring to justice those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations over the past decade.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of mine action capacity-building projects (goal 3.
The full text of the statement during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-6685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should be invited by the Commission of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid discussing the issue in two forums.
A series of model clauses have been developed by Governments and private creditors associations participating in the Working Group of the Whole.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein is known or suspected to be involved in money-laundering.
The Panel will continue its discussions at its meeting on specific issues selected by the London Group to complete this mandate.
In this regard, a pilot project on the establishment of an international radio broadcasting capacity of the United Nations takes its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are designed to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, the Council authorized him to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18, to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter addressed to Prime Minister Sharon by the Secretary-General on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General was still awaiting a letter from the Government of Israel on his investigation into the death of Mr. Holmes, who was a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the general revised draft article 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Alternative B would have serious adverse effects on the process.
The website, which is protected by the password, is operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection and promotion of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Despite the more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agreed with the views of France and Germany that the issue of human cloning would have an impact in any event.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions have already been able to provide financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“Measures to identify new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
By 31 December 2002, only half G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the monitoring of the health insurance plan, and a new post was established in 2003 to better control expenditures for the decentralization of medical insurance schemes in the field.
Of this amount, $1,499,291 is the reserve for 2001 to write-off payments to implementing partners in the period 1994-1990, but to long-term non-reimbursable payments.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments under the following assumptions: (a) a sufficient extrabudgetary resources to assess the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; (b) the willingness of Member States to support the establishment of the Habitat Agenda Monitoring Mechanism at the national and local levels; and (c) the wish of Member States to request technical advisory services to assist in responding positively to the technical advice provided by UN-Habitat and through programmes and projects.
Administrative support
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify legislation to develop or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for determining refugee status by UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission has made the required number of ratifications a high priority.
Report of the CARICOM secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have faced large-scale acts of international terrorism and extremism, considering that this evil is inseparable from global threats, and that it cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Development Bank applies international accounting standards.
3-4 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of amendments to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 20031
No criminal liability is assumed for children under nine years of age.
According to the Criminal Code, the person engaged in the purchase, sale and any other type of illegal transaction shall be criminally liable.
Background
There are no multi-purpose and “time relative” issues in the equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing number of forms of violence by persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, and attacks on humanitarian transport teams and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
Tomuschat considers that the purpose of establishing a general regime for strict or objective liability is only to deal with extreme hazards.
However, the injured party is the whole country.
It is necessary to make a choice between the law of the State approved and the law of the State in which the injury occurs.
“Amoco Cadiz case (1978) indicates the approach taken by the courts to measure damage to the environment.
Nor can the parent Indian Nagin-American Oil Company be voluntarily liable.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (May 2003) provides for financial institutions and other industries dealing with financial transactions (bank, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, stock securities companies, loan and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities, such as the area of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be carried out in the context of resources permitting.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I would like to assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and action should be based on a broad, gender-based and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and successful practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwa Initiative Matron Company
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements are separated from civilian refugees and improved registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it was preferable to conduct an in-depth discussion on the issue of globalization in a more detailed manner to review specific aspects.
International Council of Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illegal brokering plays a vital role in facilitating the illegal transfer of arms to those groups that cannot be bought by legal means; they have countries and groups, rebels, organized crime and terrorists.
My delegation therefore wishes to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matia Mulumba Semakula Kiwanuka, who led the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized cooperative services
• Institute of International Law, African Centre for Legal England ( Kampala, Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in Anatra State in India has shown how decentralization of the SMART (check, morality, accountability and transparency) forms of governance is using the Internet to carry out reforms such as the Integrated Information Centre for Citizens' Services and the digitalization of contract registration.
Calls upon States, international and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to make efforts to achieve the goals, strategic objectives and actions set forth in the Beijing Platform for Action and further action and initiatives to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Coalition Agreement states that, following the debate on autonomy held in the spring of this year, the Government will take a decision on the establishment of a government entity/sectoral to deal with matters of self-government and will decide on the question of whether a referendum on autonomy will be held.
Improvement of their conditions has been prioritized political priorities.
To this end, incentives for complicity must be strengthened.
The subsidy programme is the principle of equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports on ongoing violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a representative of a generally accepted indigenous organization.
In this regard, the Seminar played a significant role, including a British representative, in his own words, who personally learned the true idea of the choice of self-determination by the Anguilla.
In particular, a number of companies that have prepared the Millennium Development Goals topics should be requested: UNFPA (Women's Reproductive Health), Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (Humanitarian Issues), Refugee Commissioner (refugee), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (Water and Sanitation), UNESCO (primary) and UNIFEM (ICT and African Women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and cooperation among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and advancement of women.
Discussions explored how to support ongoing negotiations on environmental commodities and services in the World Trade Organization.
The Group of 77 and China expressed appreciation for the ideas and support presented during the session, in particular with regard to the promotion of competitiveness, diversification and value of products by identifying measures.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting, entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions and to apply administrative sanctions for non-compliance with reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognizes the needs that can best be met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is the decision of Article III of the General Management Procedure of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, shall be responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation to provide related technical and financial services to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules governing registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After a two-year discussion, the views of States have been expressed, but it cannot be said to be true to explore ways to construct a new bridge between them.
His delegation hoped that there would be an international consensus on this issue and would support Belgium's proposal if it was necessary to vote.
We therefore believe that the Security Council has formally heard the views, observations and recommendations made by the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the deliberations of the General Assembly on this report will provide a useful feedback on the Council's future improvement of its work.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex
Expressing its grave concern at the fact that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization 4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/64, A/57/65 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signing or ratification of or accession by some States to the Convention, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the head of the plant and asked about matters such as the ownership of the refineries, some buildings belonging to the North Gas Company (North Gas Company), and production operations.
The Colombian people have supported the Government's efforts to seize control over the territory and to defend its national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthening justice and promoting social development in the areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter sets out this process and provides some potential ideas on the content of voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested the development of a voluntary set of guidelines to be proposed by a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that international cooperation for development, in accordance with articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established by international law, was an obligation of all States to achieve economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of charter-based air-conditioning assets to oversee the implementation of air- charter contracts; to ensure compliance with established flight standards; to liaise with national aviation authorities on matters such as air traffic control, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and to arrange flight permits.
Notes
The General Assembly, in its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned against the need for such a law to be appropriately balanced in dealing with issues of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the President made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003;
“In addition to the widespread problems faced by developing countries, many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are also experiencing difficulties owing to the interaction of many factors, such as small size, remote location, geographical isolation, vulnerability to natural disasters, vulnerability to natural disasters, vulnerability of ecosystems, vulnerability to transport and communications, vulnerability to commercial centres, vulnerability of local technological forces, the severe dependence on imported goods, the number of non-renewable resources, and the high-migration of people, especially those who have a significant financial burden of those who have a high-mergized populations, and natural resource constraints, and natural resources, especially those who have experienced, and the high-migration, the high-migration, the high-mergized population.
I can say that this seminar gives real hope to the people of the Pacific, namely, to seek a number of lasting solutions, the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers.
Of particular importance to the Committee's statement was made by the representative of the people of Tokelau, who said that it was successful because of the fact that the Special Committee's work had been entrusted with the “human face”.
These activities will have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power stations projects, monitoring their functioning and improving skills.
Congolese men who do not require and marry foreigners are members of their nationality.
As infrastructure and other social services institutions have been fully damaged, rural livelihoods cannot be sustained, agricultural activities cannot be carried out, and the return of millions of refugees has further increased.
With respect to the second index, Member States have paid their assessed contributions, although significant, at the end of 2002, amounting to $1.684 million, compared to $201.6 million in 2001.
The representative of Mexico spoke of the national strategy for development and sustainable development in the country, which is based on the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and cinema, where young people can see violence?
UNHCR has also provided urgent support to the water supply system in the areas of the return of Hargeisa and its surrounding resettlement.
Support to proscribed groups
Latin American
Stresses the vital importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols of the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only consider gender disparities in demand and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for women's independent rights and rights are designed to enable women to benefit from forest resources and also protect forest resources.
Report of the Chairman of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the draft consultative process for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Further development of the necessary verification capacity to ensure compliance by the parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Non-American Association of People of Non-Self-Governing Territories said that discrimination in the justice system was not merely a problem of poverty, as the middle-income or wealthy people of African descent were also discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Palestine, Afghanistan, World Alliance of YMC
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in the implementation of the road map and move the road to peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the question whether the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights may be subject to judicial decisions, as well as the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made by States parties in the implementation of the rights protected by the Covenant.”
It was also pointed out that the mandatory time period was not proportionate to the fact that, in some cases, priority was given to setting time rather than filing time (e.g. an acquisition security right).
A number of recommendations were made on other issues addressed in chapter VII.
An independent assessment of some projects and programmes will be conducted on the basis of agreements with beneficiaries and donors.
The most pressing task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to move it away from long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and a meaningful integration.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that the presence of 35 women in Parliament was not only a victory for Moroccan women but a victory for women in Muslim countries; that victory was shared by all women through the expansion of the number.
Provisional agenda
Sunday, the occupying forces attacked Beit Hanoun town in the north of Gaza, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
States are not willing to freeze tangible assets such as enterprises or property to further complicate the issue.
There are few known sites in 272 individuals.
They should be added to the world's scope of action, combined with non-controlled persons included in the list, with the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the assets of their businesses, or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected.
The unique form and cause of the relevant HIV/AIDS crisis in Southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have prompted the United Nations to clearly identify its humanitarian roles and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report addresses the areas where progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for the New Partnership and the challenges and obstacles encountered.
Guam is a duty-free port to facilitate the transport of raw materials in manufacturing.
The further development of the process leading to the identification of Kosovo's future status will depend on the positive results of the comprehensive review.
In a statement issued by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the present form of the document is unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leadership is also maintaining a distance.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and provide them with the necessary resources.
Would it be right to prove that the deletion of the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable law, as well as the original criteria/the benchmarks, as the basis of this important document?
Domestic forest owners and local communities always recognize that time has different values and measures on forest issues.
The capacity to implement the programme function is strengthened to improve advocacy and to enhance the effectiveness of country programmes in the following small offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Including the proposed budget for net support from regular resources of $528.5 million and from other resources and trust funds (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The Constitutional Court has rendered an appellate decision under this violent protest, by the occupying Power, by building public vehicles and trucks in the capital, and by the fact that many people have taken the brunt of the collapse of the Supreme Court building and the destruction of the material.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August 2002; 6 and 27 September; 14, 18 days, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 17 and 18 December; 15 and 23 January 2003; 12 and 26 February; 10, 19 and 16 May;
(on the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force by some observers
The inspection took place formally on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, held on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban list, which had decided to delete the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain three names of those who had requested their names to be removed.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (82)-88
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have not fully complied with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the potential of those weapons to fall into the hands of terrorists constitute a growing problem.
The Russian Federation would support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to address the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand paid full loans to the International Monetary Fund for two years earlier.
For such a future, Thailand is doing its utmost and will continue to do so.
(e) Recruitment of members of terrorist groups as an offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The core group of UNAMI will lead its efforts to finalize the operational planning for the deployment of UNAMI to Iraq and to coordinate the activities of United Nations agencies and provide guidance to them.
Under the sanctions regime (paras. 4 (b) and 1 and 2 (a)), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed individuals and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their instructions, and ensure that no person in their own national or any other funds, assets or resources are provided, directly or indirectly, to any person in their own territory.
Kenya is seriously addressing this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will contribute to our common aspirations to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations between the rulers and the rulers, but also in all interpersonal relationships.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and in creating a security environment that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The imbalance in the structure of the region is detrimental to the creation of full employment in order to absorb an annual increase in the economically active population.
Annex
One solution is to set out a provision indicating that diplomatic protection is complementary to a special regime for investment protection or human rights protection, but it is necessary to adopt a binding decision, such as judicial decisions or arbitration, to provide protection under a special regime.
His delegation believed that the best option was to assume civil liability by the recipient and that the remaining liability was borne by the State.
The topic of the legal system for loss-sharing arising from transboundary damage arising from hazardous activities is being dealt with as a continuation of the discussion in the draft articles on prevention and is being dealt with fairly.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Although economic decline and financial crises are likely to occur during the biennium, there will be sustained growth in space-related industries.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: A joint workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building in Singapore on 16 May 2002 and the World Trade and Environment Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment, held in Singapore.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be given to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue, held by the General Assembly, involving representatives of the public and civil society.
(Donall Mac Gazaig, Department of Foreign Affairs, subsequently became the convener of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (non-Arab)
They also emphasized the urgent need to address the outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW in order to pave the way for effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most of the production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
An informed open debate on these issues is needed, as they have a broad impact.
The National Forest Programme Services Project is chaired by FAO and is supported by a number of donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland obtained the required two-thirds majority, elected members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Annex
[A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, should:
Any person within the United States jurisdiction who is found to have frozen the assets of a designated global terrorist list or to deal with such individuals and entities, if any person found to have been registered in the control of foreign assets, is subject to severe civil and/or criminal penalties.
Have you intercepted listed individuals at your entry points or in transit?
- Law No. 428 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention requests all parties to the Convention to inform the Conference of information.
Economic impact assessment
Kenya presented legal measures to strengthen general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that sea sea sea level rise may be less than 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening the freshwater supply of its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia worked together with Singapore through the International Court of Justice to deal with disputes concerning the sovereignty of Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puth, Middle Rock and South Ledge.
In the light of this situation, careful efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation in fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term maintenance of fish stocks, while bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urges the international community to maintain or restore the level of fish stocks to the fullest extent of production by 2015.
In 2002, the Global Fund Governing Council approved the item entitled “Programme of Action of the Russian Federation - Support for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultative mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports of mercenary involvement in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly related to drug cartels, as well as to paramilitary and private oil companies in self-defence.
Secondly, in order to make any amendments to the Convention more effective prosecution of acts of mercenaries and internationally wrongful acts, the recommendations and mechanisms in place should be heard from a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has established a temporary strategic framework for the development of the economy and poverty eradication.
This dialogue is a significant step in the benchmarks for normalization and implementation of the Stabilization and Association Process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 United Nations system of justice
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided a broad range of support and services to United Nations agencies in the process of return to the country.
Mr. Castrobei: Members will be able to receive my full text and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide food treatment throughout the country, and we believe that this is playing a role.
Provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received no response from the Government regarding the urgent appeals to the Order.
As there is also a number of expertise in demand reduction issues within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is vital that UNDCP should also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3),
ERW Framework document
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to facilitate the reduction of the cost of ICT hardware and software through tax incentives and incentives and further development of free and open-source software, making it more accessible;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the UNCTAD Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development.
Statement by the President at the same meeting.
Another participant expressed the view that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a source of facilitation to identify needs.
Others were of the view that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate for the elaboration of a strategic approach to chemicals management in accordance with the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and decision 22/4 IV of the Governing Council of UNEP, which indirectly included the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers in order to ensure the best available technology, but such activities needed the support of Governments and the need for appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This may be further enriched.
In addition, the Charter also provides a variety of bases for the Organization, ranging from Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What we need?
First, I would like to express my condolences to the Government and people of Pakistan on the tragic events of 19 August, resulting in the death of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, the United Nations civil service.
They are able not only to provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also to participate in a number of ways consistent with their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and its political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work is prepared in accordance with subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
34 African least developed countries are concerned about the outcome of the Conference on Least Developed Countries at its thirtieth executive session.
Mr. Dukeros (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my appreciation to Mr. Morris for his extremely meaningful statement, which I believe contains very important information and figures and for the human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with accepted common auditing standards and shall be subject to supplementary mandates contained in the annex to the present Regulations, except as otherwise specified by the General Assembly.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) is currently in force for the sovereign State of the region and that it has been formally endorsed by the 18th meeting of the OPANAL General Conference, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and also takes note of the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration adopted.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002, endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) and again raised the issue of the link between the looting of resources and human rights violations, as well as the deep root causes of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted a number of cases: Mr. Blaise Blida and his family were the subject of persecution by Congolese authorities and were threatened by arrest and death; his two-way detention was held as a result of his request to MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He took it that the visit clearly demonstrated the intensification of cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in the custody process
A year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States in curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying light weapons.
In summary, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been exhausted.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that this vision will be presented by the Council under your auspices, Mr. President, and will be addressed in other regional organizations.
We hold regular staff consultations and refer to Kosovo in the field, where the OSCE Mission is part of UNMIK and its pillar.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, to integrate a gender perspective in the planning and monitoring of common country assessments, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany provided its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its commitment to other measures within the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight African Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future work programme of the Authority would require research on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergencies are not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
The work of the Working Group on Special Procedures, Treaty Bodies and Minorities has been explored in the many problems faced by persons belonging to minorities and minorities, which, if not resolved, could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The Working Group's activities are of great value, not only because its discussions are of depth, but also because it promotes the changing nature of the Council's approach and procedures.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/128, A/58/477, A/58/377, A/58/349, A/58/344, A/58/534, A/58/218, A/58/538, A/58/534, A/58/393, A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for the Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
At the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold the Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Commission wished to see those texts pending consultations.
There is no legislation.
Notes
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To request development partners to complement the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize national efforts.
(c) Replace operative paragraph 3 with the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” with the words “developing countries, countries with economies in transition, and Member States that do not have representation or are generally underrepresented”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level will be directly or indirectly derived from (international organizations and national institutions) and through a common set of data presentation.
The recent initiative on the development of data-sharing models has undertaken the following three mutually reinforcing projects.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are made promptly and that the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, affirmed the need to accelerate the flow, rehabilitation and clearance of goods, including trans-shipment goods, and to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public life, and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal opportunities to compete with all elected and non-elected public officials;
Meeting of co-sponsors (under agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the delegation of Norway)
Noting General Assembly resolutions 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To this end, efforts are being made to ensure that scientific progress can benefit individuals and develop in the context of respect for fundamental human rights,
See chap.
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report thereon to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of the attacks and killings, and those who have committed crimes during armed conflict, are prosecuted.
Encourages the exploration of innovative approaches to public and private sources of financing for development purposes, provided that they do not create an undue burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposal for the use of special drawing rights allocations for development purposes referred to in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
According to international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, aliens and stateless persons outside the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign State for trial or sentence.
Participants agreed that the multilateral trade negotiations needed to be restored as soon as possible.
There must be negotiations to establish a lasting peace, allowing the two States and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to live side by side within secure and recognized borders, based on the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as information and systematic outline notes, which enables United Nations country teams to ensure accountability for results and lessons learned.
The system is based on results-based, concise and more responsive to the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, according to article 31 (3) of the Vienna Convention, the provisions relating to reservations do not apply to the relationship between the two contracting parties: “In such cases, the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation are the extension of the scope of application of the treaty and the provisions covered by the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution entitled “Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, adopted by UNISPACE III, the mandate of the Action Team addresses the implementation of a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, to manage natural disaster mitigation, disaster relief and disaster prevention through the use of Earth observation, communication and other space-based services, with the maximum use of existing capacities and narrowing gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias has received approximately 50 honorary degrees issued by a well-known university, such as Harvard, Princeton, Dalitos, the University of Washington, D.C., and St. Louis, as well as a number of awards issued by other advanced universities, including the Mar Martin Luther K Award, the Philadol, the Award for the Philosophy of the City of Philosophy, J.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Services Branch, is a government mechanism to promote equal opportunities for women and men and to eliminate all forms of discrimination on the basis of gender.
The “social programme” approved by the Government's decision No. 811/2002 for the use of wood, coal and fuel, decided to increase the grant of heating from 250 to 300,000 I/November.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP share costs with other stakeholders to develop a regional disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean Emergency Response Agency.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year include the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2
Article 67 Method of suspension
On this basis, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) Employment: flexibility to hire in different locations in accordance with their skills and capacities;
However, it also emphasizes some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual goals and objectives of organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for its employees in hardship duty stations was much more profitable than United Nations staff.
One member asserted that quasi-State companies were not part of the public/non-profit sector, since other branches of the sector did not include employers who participated in the exploitation.
Most members welcomed the proposed amendments to the classification of duty stations.
While the members of the Commission and the representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group agreed to use other data-collection methods, the representatives of staff associations advocated that data collection should be carried out on-site interviews by the data-collection teams, in some cases the local payroll commissions may decide to adopt other methods if they consider useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Slovakia, Slovenia, Italy, Morocco, Kenya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania,
(i) Advisory services: special missions, at the request of Governments, to facilitate capacity-building, strengthen national-level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and to mainstream gender into national policies and programmes, with emphasis on the effective integration of women into the overall development support mechanism, promoting understanding of women's rights and promoting the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
www.un.org/Docs/sc/presidency
[State] The general insolvency law should recognize the [strengthened balances, [recycling,] offset or net balances, in accordance with the rules similar to the payment or settlement systems or financial markets of other States.
With respect to the compensability and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach described in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, which states, inter alia, that any claim is not reflected in the maintenance costs that are normally incurred.
These proposals were circulated and discussed in the present report, as well as through several follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
You have long recognized the need to share experience in practice.
However, Algeria had accelerated the process of joining international treaties on human rights as a result of a shift in multiparty system in 1989.
As a result of a considerable calm and a reduction in the curfew and a reduction in the number of demonstrations on the streets, the movement of “autonomous veterin” forces continues to be often hampered, and acts of extortion have often occurred.
- Nigeria has offered to offer secondary health facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions have no explosion after the launch or launch, and that they have been able to take underground or remain on the ground.
Assessing the implementation of the current programme of work
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second GEF Assembly (DP/20033)
(b) The duty of the grantor to compensate for unforeseen depreciation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments, and in consultation with indigenous peoples, address the issue of trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls and urge States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies coordinate closely with indigenous peoples, in collaboration with Governments, to take into account the experience of the Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children held in Quito in 2001, and to organize a meeting on indigenous children and youth in Latin America in 2004.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in the field and participate in dialogue at the third forum.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the following countries and organizations: the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO);
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon signed the Treaty.
In the area of urban security, the Office supports the rehabilitation of teaching facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($6,500).
In addition, a significant number of investigations have been carried out in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, where resident investigators are in the mission and are implementing a downsizing plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates once again its support for the Peace Agreement, as well as for the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements, and expresses its intention to continue to review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Stabilization Force Commander, to ensure the effective management of the airports in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities of the Stabilization Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemns the destruction by Israel of thousands of landmines in Lebanese territory occupied by Israel, which has resulted in and continues to result in the deaths of hundreds of thousands and significant material losses.
Reaffirms all the previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Conference.
Recalling the important provisions of previous resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference on this issue, in particular resolutions 15/5-P (IS) and the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit Conference,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Foreign Minister.
Concerned at the continuing weakening of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resorting to unilateral action by Member States in addressing security issues will jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning the violation of the borders of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolutions 1-30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by the rapid development of the world economy and the growing liberalization of the formation and world trade of powerful economic groups,
Bearing in mind economic difficulties during the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the OIC Charter, which are enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed at the concerted effort to defend and protect Islamic heritage;
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of those symposia.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake positive scientific research on sea rise and its social and economic impacts to protect wildlife on coastal zones and on Member States.
Thirty-third Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 2003, held in Tehran from 28 to 30 May 2003,
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Article
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a notification (No. 10/3/3386), which emphasized the need to implement article 93 of the Banking Law (No. 28 of 1991) and the relevant provisions of the Directive on the fight against money-laundering (No. 10/2001, 5 August 2001).
This preliminary report sets out a major framework for the prevention of the legal and practical problems involved in the use of small arms and light weapons human rights violations.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted Protocol No. 12 to expand non-discriminatory safeguards in that regard.
Noting the rapid increase in the deaths, injury and disability of global road traffic,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Xanana Yana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairman.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” organized by the delegation of China (item 61) will be held on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process of the new Constitution, and emphasizes the importance of incorporating the international obligations of Afghanistan into the new Constitution and of ensuring the full participation of women in all preparations for and holding the process and the Loya Jirga itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed their satisfaction with the Prime Minister of the country in proposing a draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement to the National Assembly, and once again expressed appreciation for the efforts made by the French and ECOWAS forces, and once again stressed the concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President and Prime Minister of the transition took office on the same day, and the members of the Government took office on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the delegation of the Security Council has made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police so as to guarantee security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace and consolidating stability in the Sierra Leone subregion; (c) the United Nations system should thoroughly assess the lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL and the humanitarian and other institutions;
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes proposed in the report could not be avoided and that the rationale for inflation adjustments to non-post expenditures was accepted for an increase of $9.9 million in actual vacancy rates for 2002, although projected expenditures should be presented in the context of the second performance report.
The Commission also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, which are of particular concern to her, or to take early action or authorization to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
However, the situation was not the case.
“In 1968, Haiti was expressly permitted to vote until the Committee on Contributions submitted its observations after invoking the factual request for article 19, paragraph 2.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The additional troop strength of 3,022, is part of the two contingents providing security guards to the 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, it is necessary to provide air means for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each contingent will have the capacity to airlift a company at any operational site.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reduce poverty and inequality and eradicate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate you on your predecessor, Ambassador France, for the very difficult job.
It is regrettable that, in the world of the world, there is a steady and more urgent need for greater and more effective international cooperation, as has been recently claimed to have more than 120 lives, in a very vicious and unusual manner.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community recognizes the seriousness of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on the priorities and ways to assist Canada as donors and non-Council members.
This situation is also a new understanding that the political considerations of the parties may also be an incentive to propose measures that have a positive or counterproductive impact on local governments.
Fifty-seventh session
• Coordinate with relevant bodies to facilitate issues raised and mentioned directly to them and follow-up to those bodies;
Part 1: What is the relevance, prospects for social capital, policy (Coordinators: United Kingdom National Statistical Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the overwhelming majority of the countries implementing EU directives did not have a statutory rule on the time of data collection, but some of the countries' case law had established criteria for the diversion of traditional rules on the electronic environment.
It would be necessary to clarify whether suppliers' service providers were sufficient to determine whether the message was received or whether the addressee was required to obtain data messages in its computer terminals to establish the conditions.
It should be noted that, as indicated in the Guide to Enactment (para.
The Council of Heads of State of the Commonwealth of Independent States, inter alia, supported the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April as the International Day for the Commemoration of the International Day of the Victims of Radioactive Accident and Disasters.
I am pleased to ask the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and understandings on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, which stipulates that all individuals referred to in the articles are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds received from the UNFCCC Trust Fund for the Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activity is a continuing process to create the world.
• Government services;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement, which calls for the establishment of a national human rights observer post and a section of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, are equally designed to ensure that the voices of the victims are given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will travel to the country by the end of this month.
For example, MONUC has worked together with the parties to work together on the role played by the establishment of a transitional government in human rights issues?
Despite the progress achieved so far, millions of Afghan refugees are still living in neighbouring countries, especially in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chair on the consultations and make conclusions on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, its seventeenth session and its eighteenth session, considered the request made by the Government of Croatia to consider forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of relevant stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanism of the United Nations system Chief Executives Board for Coordination, to prepare, with the effective support of the secretariat of the United Nations, a comprehensive report on the implementation of commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and follow-up to those commitments and agreements, with a focus on the progress made in the areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should be allocated less than two permanent seats, which are distributed in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I am particularly reminded of the latest emergency appeals by UNRWA, which calls for important services for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical interpretation of the limitation factor in the calculation of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Cuban Government and its appreciation for its facilitation of the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana and for its generous availability of such facilities;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, aged eight-year-old Palestinian boys, and injured his six-year-old brother, Al-Ghare, who was marginalized from the Rafah camp.
In some cases, less than approved levels of recruitment took place at a higher level.
The first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed prior to the development of a workplan, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the practical implementation of the mechanism and the lessons learned.
Does extradition and mutual assistance be subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to hold discussions throughout the country with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society, pending the submission of its second periodic report.
The internal affairs sector is responsible for the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides to offset the decrease of $38,000,000 in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, as described in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and the respective share of Member States in this balance shall be applied as appropriate in accordance with the above-mentioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have engaged in timely intervention to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Kmonit (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after September, a number of United States air carriers have been subjected to discriminatory measures against Arabs, regardless of whether or not the United States, and Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen, considering its meaning more neutral.
Question C: Are applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29.
The Special Rapporteur has received significant information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman known as Ashsheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system aimed at the full and nuclear field completion of the disarmament process.
The people and Government of Iran first are concerned at the humanitarian catastrophe that will undoubtedly fall on the people of Iraq as soon as the war occurs, not by the displacement of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to emphasize once again that the decisions taken by the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a region free of weapons of mass destruction must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement actions against trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing the gender bias and corruption practices of relevant professional personnel.
The Commission first focused on issues such as the composition, working methods, intersessional work and format of the report, and then adopted its mandate as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations by using all peaceful means and, in particular, the values that have led to the Organization — which are more relevant in the context of the current impasse — to settle international disputes.
In this process, we have strengthened not only the verification mechanism but also the ability of us to carry out important tasks — namely, saving our world from the scourge of war.
Is it the allegation made by the United States of America at the previous meeting — a large number of countries around the world do not agree with the United States allegation — or that is relevant to the concept of cooperation with Iraq?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations have contributed to the promotion and promotion of South-South cooperation and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81, entitled “ Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit comprises 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid a negative impact on progress made in the work of the Fund and project redesigned.
At its seventh session, the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues, held from 22 to 24 January 2003, decided to hold an expert meeting on FDI and development.
A balance between budgets and other considerations is particularly important.
Ms. Ola Emerta Grade de Villalas (Panama)
Expressing concern about the limited security and cost-effective mine-clearing and mine-clearing equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development on technology, and recognizing the need to promote greater and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation for this purpose,
Date of insert
For the full text of the comments, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/entable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Expressing its condemnation of the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalls the fact that the Council has consistently unequivocally condemned these activities as one of the main factors contributing to the persistence of conflict and that such activities must be halted, if necessary, by the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of least developed countries in world merchandise exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in nine decades.
• Governing Council decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of Colombia's preliminary announcement of its intention to host the eleventh session of the General Conference of UNIDO in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and share information on lessons learned, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and issues among States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations based on equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all legal, principles and principles governing international relations and the wider flow of commercial and economic relations among States in the field of global trade.
All these areas have a significant impact on the embargo, since, while there are many restrictions, such as education and culture have been the priority area of public expenditure in Cuba.
Despite material resources, Cuban people continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the Banking Agency Act 1998 contains preventive measures for use by the Government, which provides for the restriction of fundamental rights set forth in article 13, paragraph (1), of the Namibian Constitution, authorizes the intervention of the privacy of any person's family, correspondence or communication in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 2 of the Criminal Procedure Code of 1977, and authorizes access to any premises or search for any person.
The net amount of 332 claims settled in part one of the sixteenth instalment was therefore translated into $2,111,284,854.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
