It is therefore concerned that the laws aimed at combating terrorism provide the agencies with law enforcement and intelligence services, as well as in the case of monitoring and investigation, without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw its future work programme and whether it planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representation of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend against the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical issues to be addressed.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure broad dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
If additional funds were made for programmes in Africa, resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high ranking.
Adoption of the report on credentials
See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site, to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organization chart
A new gender analysis guide will be released in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of the least developed countries, as the participation of those countries in world exchanges remains marginal, and none has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq suffers our Governments.
This is for us, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
In response to this situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening Iraq's pressure to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
We are trying to shray.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require the provision of technical assistance, including the acquisition of necessary equipment to enhance security in ports of entry and training of personnel, particularly in the detection of forged travel documents.
Noting that the Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the most demanding financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In its consideration of the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines governing the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices related thereto.
The assessment of the educational level of girls in the Horn of Africa and in Eastern Africa has identified the causes of the problem, and the financial sacrifice of girls' education is the main social factors, preventing access to education with boys, and the lack of school textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning at the time we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of actions that will require future generations to come positively.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government has spent over $5 million, last year, for services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The initial judgement was rendered for the plaintiffs, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government states that these persons have been arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former Parliamentary Parliament, Chairman of the Committee on Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a six-month sentence and imprisoned at the civilian prison in Lomé, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having made this view, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate ways and time frames, are needed to carry out their respective processes of decolonization.
The settlement of this outstanding issue will only be conducive to confidence-building.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary impetus to a very competitive world economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
At the outset, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently providing an HIV/AIDS adviser at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations headquarters, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the field.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its rules of procedure, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Council, has taken the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of its status in the organization, for violating the Council's procedural rules, disrupting the work of the Commission on Human Rights and disrespect for the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, exercises its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Act on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
If, in the opinion of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to common law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received some support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add).
Nicaragua is also a party to many international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money Laundering linked to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of building the United Nations system of a school school was that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether it is not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant the subcontractors of exclusive rights;
In a case as in the other, the position of the market leader cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the portfolio of United Nations trade activities includes high-value products that are scarce in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had proved insufficient.
While not part of the Working Group's documentation, these three documents will not be available for the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Panel.
Future sessions 45
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is trying to respond to it.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of evidence in the case.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also raises the principle of the application of the Statute of the Rome Statute to the extent that the Council — the Court or the Council — is entitled to consider in first cases individual criminal cases concerning the officials or personnel present or from a State not party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions occurring during a established or authorized operation of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
Thus, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are now parties, became a reality, taking into account the election that this year, of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the very few appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldore Declaration was signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, these factions have continued to fight and import or receive weapons.
The first destination of arms and ammunition of the Ethiopian Government that was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in Somalia by ships from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that marked its first year to power has completely devastated the country on the equipment.
The existing legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system to ensure that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their missions.
Although it began its work only less than two years, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish believe that fisheries subsidies are harmful to the environment and caused the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has served as a framework for the development of a common language of the Organization's staff on the prevention of armed conflict, through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary has also been assigned to propose other funding methods for post-retirement health insurance.
UNDP and various donors have been implemented by the Office of Project Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indictees for husband's culture were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in the Samoa society.
In practice, the police has provided that a female police officer is present when there is a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse.
The Caribbean Financial Centre is headed by a legal officer and its staff comprise another legal officer.
Adolescent pregnancy continues to be a particular feature in rural areas, and there is generally a concerted effort to marry the girl as soon as possible, which would result in the punishment of the family involved in the village's counsel, usually the girl.
NGOs - non-governmental organization
No effort must be spared to revive this process without delay, while preserving at any price the standard established 30 years ago, and still still on biological weapons.
This legislation is very important for Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for a further strengthening of the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an essential imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation by Belgrade to the Mission to engage in the search for a solution to the practical issues of the opening of two new border crossings in the eastern part of Kosovo in the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status”.
I join members of the Council for thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information he has provided.
India will provide further details on its comments and will also participate in discussions aimed at resolving the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal), Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan), Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
These include continuing to modernize the technical components of the system so as to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including the “Question of Palestine” of UNISPAL on the United Nations reception page under “Peace and security”, and to expand its collection by adding both new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15−2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time Japan takes the presidency of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy intends to consider the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the period since the introduction of the first report of ISAF III, and also provides the final assessment of ISAF's work III before the command of ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The Secretary-General's decision on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act emanates in principle of one State seems, prima facie, to be clear.
Mr. Raytoche (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
This is why the fight against desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies represents a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has thus far focused on authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services to the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support for the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between Guatemalan authorities and Mexican authorities were defined in the Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of that region were exploring all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia had applied all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what it was the main requirement of the Council on the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of Kosovo's self-governing authorities is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and is in the context of concrete results that we will consider their ability to exercise their responsibilities.
While the situation evolves to a return to peace, UNRWA needs to face the demands of a conflict in a post-conflict recovery and development phase, and will launch a similar special fund to that of its Programme of Peace Implementation following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 under the maintenance of premises, due to the non- recosting of the budgeted budget for 2002-2003;
1.79 Aliing health policy and service delivery standards on the host authorities to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.141 Increase in the utilization of computers and information technology management.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by category of expenditure
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- The word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) Ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular in the context of goodness, efficient management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us have been beaten, and we now seek to put Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, such as in the past, and that in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a degree of accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, prior to validation of a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a declaration confirming that rough diamonds are not diamonds of blood.
The other progress made is:
(c) To consider the extent of the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar is working to reduce costs by providing advice to the Tribunal at the headquarters of the Tribunal, in accordance with the international character of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms-collection programme had resulted in delays and the destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects, in that regard, was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of persons with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to disseminate the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and Parents (including initiatives to affect persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including hahiayah;
(d) Difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment provided to the child and any other circumstances on its placement.
The approach was therefore to know what approach to strengthening and improving the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its monitoring of persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter expressing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
INVOL OF THE UNITED NATIONS IN THE DENE TO THE PEFETE OF THE PROE OF THE PROE 2000 1990
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now approve the updated aide-memoire as a tool for the development of priority priorities and will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in protection are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to quote the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civil populations should not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deprive them of such access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are checked by the secretariat of the Fund on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken within the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference, through the Council on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, with the links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective measures for the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in respect of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly insisted on the importance it attaches to the success of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (spoke in French), Mr. V.C. (Norway), Mr. Gassilkhov (Kazakhstan), Mr. Kolim (Norway), Mr. Hun (Republic of Korea), Mr. Alimov (Republic of Korea), Mr. Alimov (Tajikistan), Mr. Alimov (Tajikistan), Mr. Alimov (Tajikistan), Mr. Alkhinsky (Ukraine), Mr. Kuchinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov (Uzbekistan) took the seats reserved for them on the side of the Council Chamber.
At the outset, I would like to emphasize three points on the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing role it plays to lead to the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation to this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to speed up extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to offences applicable to this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where or where they are located in the other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires indicate that this article has not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing a final judgement in cases where this judgement cannot be obtained because the author of the offence cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a directive with the support of the Office of Programme Financing, which relates to the systematic review of country offices' monitoring mechanisms regarding fund appeals, other resources-related contributions and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
The United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank and the United Nations Office of the World Bank (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities, Municipalities and Associations, the Regional Network of Local Authorities for Human Settlements Management and the Municipal Development Programme, and private companies such as Alcatel, Total, Dexia and Orlen, are organized by the United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The state of destruction programmes of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on the methods used for the destruction, location of all places of destruction and standards for security and environmental protection.”
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians had been demolished by Israeli military forces who invaded cities with tanks, armoured tanks and helicopters and destroyed houses of explosives, while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On this point, I will not go in detail.
Madam President, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), of his very comprehensive report and concrete proposals to improve the Committee's work.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continuing threat of Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistics producers, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and requests the speedy and complete implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed to at the 2000 Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The regrettable incident of Kayin, on 30 May 2003, had influenced many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from prolonged drought and the effects of long-conflict conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to consider this issue more thoroughly.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
Where the debate is limited and that a member or a representative exceeds the time allocated, the President shall recall the order immediately.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are circulated by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to the States parties concerned and, in accordance with the decision of the Committee, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
States Parties shall submit reports on measures taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In discharging its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Mambasa-Komanda region have been perpetrated during three different periods:
On 12 October, UPC soldiers entered into force in the witness house in Mambasa.
All persons interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of which were barely under 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial has been opened on 27 suspects from the Forces nouvelles.
Global road safety crisis
Once established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions prescribed under the Law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations of the Pacific, and assisted by two editors (e.g., New Zealand and Australia), is currently preparing model provisions.
Accelerated procedure for review of re-appointment
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of their delegates are better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for the operational period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently develop appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications to be carried out by the Galaxy system; to ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff flows to the achievement of institutional objectives; to systematically investigate clients with regard to different functions related to human resources; to ensure that the resources are available for training, career development and knowledge management, as part of a new mobility policy.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an assessment of the professional capacity and expertise required to OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administration and investment of the Fund, according to generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on this evaluation at its next audit on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a desktop computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious commercial transactions and to monitor all irregularities.
Having considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to provide its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of a person who is known, or has good reason to assume, which is illegal immigrants or the intention to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local level, as well as the level of women's participation, is the subject of previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of university women and to report.
13.3 The Government is determined to provide a wide-scale pension regime as possible as possible as possible, and is aware that people who cease employment to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in the social security plan.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act of 1996 on violence within the family), which, inter alia, deals with judgements of prohibition and protection judgements and gives the Garda large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will focus on the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Emphasizing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, colonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment of human rights and women,
Article 12
States parties shall accord to men and women the same rights in relation to the law on the law of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement legislation relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Law on Banking Law in relation to terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundchreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that it has created has resulted in most scholarships in the region, where the general trend in 2002 has been declining with few minor cases.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and ongoing communications between areas or communities prone to disasters and authorities.
UNESCO, the ICSI and several agencies affiliated to the latter will encourage the preservation of biodiversity in the context of remote sensing and GIS to take place in a wide range.
Thematic discussions and draft resolutions were submitted and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing efforts of the Representative of the Secretary-General on the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests the Representative to continue its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section
Elections will be three parties, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and the Lake Lubic v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by civil and criminal codes of procedure established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated throughout the country, explaining the procedure to monitor and the need for registration of births and marriages in order to raise public awareness and to obtain its active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46/36: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account developments in the nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for some types of medium-term technical assistance to support and strengthen the capacity already available by the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); that globalization without due consideration to the human component, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued to strive to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report focuses on measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts that traditionally predominate Greek and Macedonian minorities.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this claim, that, in a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination is not in itself a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the sense of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr. President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A general and summary description of the activity will be given in section B.3.1, with information on the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of technology used (e.g., installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and socio-economic impacts
The Chairman said that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would greatly address this problem.
Developing countries need to be made available in the form of new and additional financial resources, technology transfer, and capacity-building.
The Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, has developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects worldwide and to create a network network to accelerate water activities.
(The annex to the present document contains a breakdown of the expenditure on these activities.
24.6.1 The amount of $2,995,700 (increase of the Professional category, 6 General Service (Other level)) will be used to cover: (a) the maintenance of 10 posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) the costs of other items for the operation of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system, as well as its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Subprogramme 1
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of election to a post not only for one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening of international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and management of straddling fish stocks and highly migratory fish stocks, and also requested the Secretary-General to include in his report a substantive study on the provisions of Part VII of the Agreement concerning the needs of developing States, taking into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas related to the Agreement, and that it provide various forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the headings entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question biennially, starting from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Global Solidarity Fund
Promoting youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict, and decided to request the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict to submit and submit to the Commission on Human Rights reports providing useful information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and the relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies lies with the only Member States, and no reform will be able to address this situation, as those who are in the position of deciding that they are determined to impede the work we all are supposed to be.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have attracted great hope in the international community, especially in developing countries, to see the advent of a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
This goal cannot be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that will enable us to liberate the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organizing sports competitions in various types of national sports, support schools, sections and sports circles for children and youth and the acquisition of sports materials.
The Latin American and Caribbean sensitization programme, which meets the needs of poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and building partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the secretariat of the Strategy serving as the Secretary.
Barriers to market access, including increases and inflation, constrain the exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to serve as the Committee for a period of three years, starting from 1 January 2001 to the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which permit, in your country, control of transfers of such funds or assets to individuals and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to demonstrate the momentum in this peace process, which has been much progress, as I have said at the moment, but it needs to be released.
We believe that what is important for someone becomes urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an ad hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled that the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed the burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, not on the inspectors, to find what Iraq has tried to conceal it once long.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and the administration of those sites and that they have no link with the mandate of inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to the counterparts that could be provided, given the lack of skills that the Timorese society has inherited, represents another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese still continue to practise subsistence farming with extremely poor productive means.
Even though our bilateral relations flourish at all levels, we call on the international community, as well as the United Nations to support this process.
First, many comments have been made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in in the course of the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and identifies funding needs;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier, in accordance with a contract of carriage for the purposes of carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, as it acts directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or control of the carrier, irrespective of whether it is a party to the contract of carriage, is identified or assumed under this contract to a legal responsibility.
The substance of the definitions was changed in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated crops.
Most police information systems that have records in accordance with the Convention on the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement are used as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational, or in the trial phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a loan agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe relies mainly on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Consequently, the President of the Republic promulgated a law that defines the responsibility of Chile in the field of AIDS prevention and is the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against people living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in the areas such as mercury pollution, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of the projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported that recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, €447,836 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person is brought to a court or court within their jurisdiction, the right to be present in his trial and to defend himself or to have the assistance of a lawyer;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to adopt policies to address the social, economic and cultural problems facing them.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and collaborates with various United Nations bodies and agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls for the implementation of procedures relating to basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that he regretted the results of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on the lowering of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have resulted in $500 billion in the United States of America for rich and poor countries and contributed to poverty from about 14 million people by 2015.
If there is no way to address, injustice of economic globalization will result in the problems of third nations on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease are also globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya proposed to overcome the problems that impede its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is an example of problems.
Mr. Bueer (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was an important step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of migrant workers, especially migrant workers, are the most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of what may reasonably be reasonably relevant to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be amended as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often have the assistance of relevant services in other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowances for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote to make a day daily, the region where the staff member is in position and that, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no such school in the child, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The United States delegation cannot support the proposal of the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and may reduce the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like the Secretariat to indicate what he had done to recruit local General Service posts in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has participated in 66 projects related to mangroves in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean and North-West Atlantic region:
(d) It is important to develop the implementation of projects that have been carried out (the results, possible follow-up, etc.) and disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, the amounts to be apportioned among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above amount to $200,051,151, broken down as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of those obstacles is the case of all and is awaiting much more active engagement by the international community.
The expansion of the programme of work makes it difficult for UNCITRAL coordination with parallel initiatives in various organizations such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuation of the work on the two anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The following:
Follow-up to the implementation of the resolution must be in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the police officer Ljubo Radovic made a visit to Boozova Glaica in order to tell his Roma population that they were due immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant redress and compensation to victims of an act in the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at any time, the complainant has provided details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not under consideration by another international investigation or settlement body.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time for extradition, but that request was subsequently withdrawn because of a mistake on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 Compared to the elements to support the allegations that Mr. Azururdi has made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the TPT on the period specified in which the contested statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; he also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108 of the rules of procedure of the Committee.
In granting the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence of evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given on these issues.
a The number of countries responding: 65.
In the meantime, it would be difficult for too many to get in this area because it is likely to rise to contradictions and inconsistencies with the various regimes of private international law.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would unfortunately justify this change.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research work has already yielded solid results and resulted in specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role of political leaders and political parties in strengthening democracy through combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance is the extent to which an activity is consistent with national objectives or is part of those objectives.
This will be the most likely to be realized if the objectives are achieved, but they will be most penalized if they are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture by the South-Pacific Mining Corporation (SMSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and Canadian Falconbridge Corporation for the construction of a warehouse in the North Province to treat nickel from Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand decreased by 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, in particular, said that, on the basis of the goodwill of all parties concerned, the consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be made further.
23 Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take over four weeks, starting from the date to which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary to the project, which UNCITRAL published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDE/TLB/4).
The cost estimates for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) compared with the apportionment for the biennium 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major countries that produce, sell or work diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process's self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the last analysis, the new proposals, although it is not just in practice, seems to be not only in practice, the broad range of actors that would be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but still risk the simplification of processes but their comprehensiveness by adding a new level of work, increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
He cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, including its comments and comments on the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on certain issues considered by United Nations agencies and through persuasion.
Table 1 provides a comparison to the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (in the biennium 2004-2005), revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 that the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditure and income of the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on a pilot basis for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2 post, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.)
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting) or $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme documents, or in the supplementary guidance of the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The acquisition of firearms and explosives on the parallel market must be reported to the Prosecutor, the head of violating the Federal Act on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Consent
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to the list of issues (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 125.
In the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of arrest and other opportunities before his trial has suffered serious ill-treatment and due to inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author submits that the persistence of the Czech Republic, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special legal act and is as such as null and void, constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the right of the author to enjoy its legacy and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article with effect of depriving a accused of the guarantees of a fair trial is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that the author's dispute is not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that, under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be brought to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision stemmed from a interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read together with paragraph 2 of the same article, which did not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Court of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights have been violated, since he was arrested and charged without proof of his involvement in criminal activity and that it was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested the revision of the evidence that he considered the error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, with respect to the application of the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings, the author states that, in both cases, it was impossible under the unconstitutional-law regime in place to initiate prosecution against the torture of political dissidents within the prescribed time limits.
Since the State party has not been in false violation of this complaint, it has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which the executions of death sentences are carried out, and the author's allegation must be secured.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not shown that the action of the public has been an interference in his family's life.
6.2 As to the excessive length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the time to determine, in the case of consideration, the length of the delay in the author's arrest and his trial and not the date of the author's dates, namely the date of the alleged crime or the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not necessary to use only the documents available to the court initially before the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was rendered.
The Committee also considers that the State party is wrong to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the Benefits of ex-combatants and argues that none of the two bodies to review his request has not raised doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the competence ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that he and her family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 because they are not always aware of the person in question.
Witnesses:
He argues that the Peruvian judges could have taken the unconstitutionality of the text if they had before it a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, the time limit does not commence from the notification of the judgement, but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of the complaint.
The authors referred to the decision of HREOC to the extent that it contains an assessment of the facts, which reinforces the argument that the Commissioner took a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the qualification commissions and to return to the police.
The authors have filed justice in the cases of Tamil, Aursunden 1997 and Korjjojjell and requests for expropriation by the authors in these two cases are pending, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first instance.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were released by the District Court of the Western European Court, with reference to the judgement handed down by the Supreme Court in the Presdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (the use of employment) of the Constitution.
Thus, the Human Rights Committee, in its General Comment No. 11 on article 20, pointed out that the prohibition of such a term “allly compatible with the right to freedom of expression provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately reported to the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case of the case.
3.3 The author states that it has exhausted domestic remedies and specifies that the case has not been submitted to another international investigation or settlement body.
In addition, the State Council stresses that a dual appeal may be exercised to the Permanent Patrate or the Judicial College in first instance and then before the Council of State and that these bodies may order to make an instruction.
As a result of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author was recognized on 13 months of the author's military service, in the course of his promotion at the sixth level of the body of the principal prefecture.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to pay under the proceedings.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See case Caballo Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (the annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Paulger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990, Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While few posts were actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will is gradually required.
Security is therefore crucial, as it is the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women continues to be inadequate.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request, inter alia, the Working Group on Indigenous Issues, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to communicate, as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, the information necessary for consideration by the Council in accordance with paragraph 8 of Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis is to determine that it may legitimately take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, there is a need for two basic conditions to be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post for any Azerbaijani citizen with vocational training or skills, and the inability to find the services of the local job seekers a candidate that meets the criteria established by the employer.
Time time and lunch breaks are not recorded as a working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act, which became the law on the prevention of disability and the rehabilitation and social protection of persons with disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are welcomed in specialized pre-schools.
The results of the eight final tribunals were communicated to WIPO for participation in international competitive examinations involving students in licensing and ownership of 54 countries.
(b) Cultural sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options for the completion of compulsory school.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next few years.
The Committee issued a programme for a policy of equal rights for the University of Iceland for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the Court staff, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children adopted are not aware of the identity of their natural parents, even with a majority and even if it is in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including the Act No. 678/2001 on the protection of children; Act No. 188/2001 on violence in the family; Act No. 197/2000 on violence in the family and children; the national health programme for children and the family; the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS; various programmes for minorities, including the Roma population;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and the immediate action for their elimination, which the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes against Roma throughout society, and in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and within time frames.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns aimed at promoting tolerance, as well as monitoring of racist acts and collecting data on such acts;
(d) Ensure that the Council of the Family provides adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, the need to consider development goals and policies in a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, in particular, the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with respect to private sector workers and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered effective for the purpose of payment of pay, irrespective of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
It is considered difficult for households who, even if they spend all their income to meet their food needs, cannot meet them appropriately.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built a total of 1,076 843, or an annual average of 107 684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures represent less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the extension and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a very binding provision of judicial provisions and procedures for media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts on violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be a matter of urgency.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms during the period leading to the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options have been obtained by the majority of votes, the majority of the votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized so that voters can make a choice between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determine that it is accepted to vote.
• Women whose educational level is higher than children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting on the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants of the tenth summit, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation within the time frame.
It is important to mention here the three pillars of this goal, as they demonstrate our commitment to keep this topic on the long term.
However, according to the assertions of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now over 10 years, its embargo on the embargo of the Autonomous Republic of Nakhchivan, thereby causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work in the hands to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
It has been able to reduce expenditures through energy efficiency measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will be the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which provides for national measures to implement international sanctions, may be provided.
Annex
As a result, no person who has been struck by a measure of this nature cannot obtain visas from the consulates of Lebanon or the public safety.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Dominican Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone and Switzerland subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution, as orally revised and corrected.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revise their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, in particular with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, and stresses the importance of effective action to create the conditions conducive to strengthening harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically address the areas that have been fully implemented under the terms of the agreements concluded, but it appears that it has now decided to take into account civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Programme of Human Settlements for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget of $5 million for a period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, agreed in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, is successful in a successful approach to the issue of access of developing countries to the markets of the industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential to the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — are beginning to extend to areas that, in the past, fall within the purview of national Governments.
The provision of special and differential treatment can be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of Governments?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work for 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have yet to do so, now, the responses we need to address key issues on the past production of nuclear and biological weapons in Iraq, which remains its capacity and its current programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide an increase in emissions from this sector, despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) As an excuse and refuge several delegations stressed the need to establish the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, with the failure to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could, however, be necessary because, in their discussions, the specialized intergovernmental bodies focused on substantive issues and did not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. activities envisaged in the work programme.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is particularly timely to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, which with the permanent members uphold the principles set forth in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
Therefore, a discussion will now be initiated to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, particularly in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and the individuals and entities associated with them could be able to consolidate disparate groups of ethnic and national origin through their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on United Nations and United Nations funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management has the main task of directing the activities of the United Nations system with regard to administrative and management issues related to the system, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues for the Board of Chief Executives Board.
This is the following: What is expected for new contributions: because, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be long, and will require substantial funding, including coordination and special cooperation of other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who made presentations that have resulted in many relevant issues on Afghanistan, although there is more or less responses to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the management managers, and intends to consider options for improving the updating of regional inventories.
(b) At Headquarters and in missions, staffing is required to meet the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of the Convention, including the International Criminal Police Organization, in order to enable the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its work in this direction, as appropriate, with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in political life can do so and not left on the issue, which, increasingly, would encourage them to join the ranks of those who actively impede the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation by transmitting the Council with the latest information on specific facts in Afghanistan since the last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible to benefit all.
It could be seen if it was accepted to release old mistakes and to abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the broadest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, presented the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation wishing to take the floor at this stage?
In addition, no consensus has been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (for example, the ban on export imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of major forest-related enterprises are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber emissions from sources without hazards to the environment and society.
It is in effect in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the downstream treatment of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination of information on production, consumption, trade and commodity and non-wood products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed of treaties imposed, should be repealed in full and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, even protecting the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because the custom is to remain at home, while boys are beginning to work in search of work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for cohabit spouses; witnesses can prove that a couple lives in the same home since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501).
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered within various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD has collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference to the High-level Review Meeting of the African Trade negotiators at the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in the trade and environment work programme are continuing in close cooperation and coordination with WTO, UNEP and United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusets, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where it presented the work of the Commission on ICT Development Index.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms of the increase in international trade, is a hope of growth for our peoples.
Last year, taking the floor before the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which are part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities involving mother- and child-care, as well as equality between men and women in a society that believes in the family unity, high-cost gender equality and respect for family rights.
Developing countries face challenges in the development area, which cannot be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to touch on two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to implement with the greatest coherence the principles it declares.
Important developments in the global balance of forces and global targets have emerged since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee elects its President from its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the grounds for their arrest or detention and their right to attend by a lawyer.
His latest publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Public information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the competent officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor who is not party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or in connection with a formal derogation from the troop contributor;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Mr. Kartashkin, Mr. Mbonu, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be involved in a number of levels to ensure an exchange of information on the needs of users and as a broader objective to integrate GNSS and its complement to the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not do so to make the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a consolidated document, which contributes to the members of the Partnership, to assess relations between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f) provides: “Every person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and submitted to the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no pretrial detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the achievement of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that, in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied but that it was essentially involved in those involved.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
The meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made a number of statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase of road map, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff currently recruited will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides us with an overview of the Council's work over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the work of the work of the Assembly and the Council and ensuring the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments for the implementation of the International Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Use of Appropriate Financial Mechanisms, as well as the implementation of the relevant technical cooperation arrangements, are the development of the following: (a) the development of the necessary technical cooperation agreements to implement the agreements that should be followed by the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities and the World Conference scheduled for 2000; and (e) improving mechanisms to monitor the implementation of multilateral environmental protection agreements and to enforce them.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug users; policy development and strategies; training and capacity-building; and determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information technology and communication technologies and technology, including through the facilitation of local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
The number of projects on the implementation of the information technology and technology technology in support of the implementation of national disaster management measures is included in the number of pilot projects in support of the implementation of national disaster management measures; and (e) the increase in the number of projects implemented by ESCAP in support of national poverty eradication measures; and (e) increasing the number of activities implemented by ESCAP, including through technical cooperation among developing countries, using space information and technology technologies for environmental protection and sustainable natural resources management.
Strategy
The achievement of the goals will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; quick-response and more coordinated interventions in disaster-affected countries; a higher level of participation in disaster management training; enhanced cooperation on the ground and the region; and greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olsendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of the exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorses the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that it should work to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical application.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies has focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from becoming contaminated when water is contaminated, land and supply sources are cut.
Such services should be expanded and a social contract that is politically viable.
This statement also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of the laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that there was approximately one year, 88 Australians found death and 202 were injured following the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization established by the organization.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
BRF worked in specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It provides a minimum structure to enable UNHCR to maintain its capacity for a year on the other.
The present statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or recover the encumbered assets, such as vehicles of equipment, hold a security right, which generally provide security rights in the same assets to other receivables.
Standards and other non-tthal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP should be expanded as necessary, and those of the relevant project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
The proportion of men, the decline is even more net, since the proportion increased from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, a new distribution of production was attended by a new distribution of the product, the desert of showage and clothing for electronics, engineering and health products.
Family therapy is proposed to families with the problem in relation to drug addiction or the game.
An important initiative was to eliminate the removal of illegal ships in Arem, the operation being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land is returned to owners or their relatives as if their acquisition by the State has never been held, provided that the owners of the ground are entitled to land in the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair vis-à-vis the Maltese authorities and the amendments to the Act of 1944 on the release of housing prices and the Ordinance of 1913 regulating the re-establishment of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease lease between 1 June 1995 or subsequent to the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including pre-trial services (such as the introduction of frequent-speeds, genetic counselling), prenatal counselling, difficult deliveries, child-specific care, child periodic examinations, free immunization, school medicine, child abuse and child development evaluation.
Municipal councils re-engineering and move to district clinics, while NGOs are concerned to organize special services to disadvantaged groups of communities such as disabled persons and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its institutions and providing funding for the expansion.
Candidates for university studies have to have been successful in the examination of the baccalaureate, which provides no access to university universities and must also meet the special conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD is almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, such as development planning, sound economic management, good governance, democracy, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health or education, among other essential elements of any achievement of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the General Assembly's mandate to consider the issue of Security Council reform — i.e., the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to achieve progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993, the Working Group remains more than ever before.
1.6 The Committee would welcome information on the findings of the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs, which is referred to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report to bring the criminal law into line with terrorist offences with an international character.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability, at the request of OHCHR analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and examine the functioning of the United Nations human rights system in this context.
Measures to States 9 - 22 8
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft Supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also queried whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in strict or extended terms to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that it meet the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and provide the necessary answers.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely, that the Quartet will introduce the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with adequate powers would be confirmed, is an important step in which we must do.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce additional amounts are limited to those indicated above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Committee's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently focused on the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for approval are registered in a register (CAA).
The ratification process of the Convention is being finalized.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like to request that all States provide the defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court, and that it is in the process of being vigilant and to collect the unequivocal commitment of all States; it must also be carefully chosen by the officials of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) - The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations on issues of interest for the sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, under the main responsibility of FAO and under the leadership of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination of the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the level of ecosystems, species and genostics.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review (Component report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the Chief Directors for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of the Organization's human resources.
Expert Meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor results of private enterprises and social discontent are concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58/L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations country team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a joint strategy for internally displaced persons.
The 1992 Act on Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We are witnessing that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon acted to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
The grants are mainly used to provide intensive training for teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to various forms of education within article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities involving children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland
For example, article 139 of the Penal Code states that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall be the same penalties as those that affect the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, it is punishable by forced labour that is any type of explosive or inflammable or toxic or toxic or toxic or toxic substances, such as that of explosive, biological, radiological, radiological, chemical, radiological, radiological or other forms, as well as any of those materials, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use them.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for strengthening the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for certain losses of tangible property but recommended that no compensation be paid for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its ability to assist the Counter-Terrorism Committee, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and implement the priorities contained therein;
(h) closed circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
The Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the South-East Pacific, the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Caribbean Region; the Convention on the Protection and Development of Marine Environment; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea Region; the Arctic Council; and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North-East Atlantic.
Another suggestion was that the main agencies that were to be involved in the consideration of the topics assigned to groups should establish joint reports on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination on the areas of treaties, to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which was to be held in order to ensure its distribution before the Consultative Process meetings.
(f) In paragraph 19, in the second line, the word “education” is replaced by the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide the necessary assistance in this regard” to replace the invitation to the President of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003.
In a briefing on the impact of structural adjustment on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki has identified three major features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are limited, and they are in a very limited way to capitalism and weaken the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of any future production and the issue of existing stocks would have to unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of the additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing increased by 12 per cent over the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43,
PCDARAR is an implementing agency that is directly accountable to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, refugees in the camps had replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is equally committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believes that the prospect of equality must be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are currently two heads of district leaders on a total of 141.
The World Health Organization employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, problems are acute in this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the following was the following:
Women predominate the trade sector, where the women's ratio is 2 to 1, the textile production and garment, and the food industry other than rice leaf.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(BADD, 1996; Metk-Sendbergen, etc., 1995).
The head of village is assisted by a Deputy, but a total of 12,491 deputies, 101 are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to assure the Conference of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, that will help to achieve this goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting in irresponsible policies on the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she wondered whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. González asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights, in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report, and the Advisory Service on Reproductive and Sexual Rights, which was addressed in paragraph 421, were two separate or silent institutions, and whether they dealt with rights in itself or solely on health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of United Nations agencies and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would establish, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional regional conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, to reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is the primary responsibility of each country to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Ireland, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Norway, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1-4).
A woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect on 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect on 10 January 2003).
Serious respiratory diseases have shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better effectiveness and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be unlikely to be very low.
There is a need to ensure that, through training courses and adequate support, the current standards are being developed to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[(c) [A] to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [e.g. subparagraph (b), above or in relation to them];
Mr. Neser (Sweden) associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including through the construction and expansion of the settlements in Djabal Abu Ghunaym and Ras el-Amud in Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and the strengthening of relevant institutions in sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries to respond to problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure environmental sustainability, the global environmental conventions enjoy universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sédéé, the Secretariat of the Secretariat, which is set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5, dated 12 September 1997, states that the Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
The level 5 is granted to representatives and allows access to documents that are available for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to available documents at the level.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or organizations whose official documents are posted on SODS, some of them did not mention that the documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for nearly 10 years, which is very much if the pace of technical innovation is considered.
The seizure of these identifiers may sometimes be carried out, and the task is cumbersome and takes many time (three to six months) and represents an additional workload when resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected to assist others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some attempts to obtain such weapons, or to do so, to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, it is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international scene is a new dimension of disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations were attended by representatives of 117 States.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group of the Security Council on the prevention and resolution of conflicts in Africa, the Special Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wanted to take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, the promotion of equality and poverty reduction policies in the region; national policies to strengthen links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and the integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the factory, which asked about issues produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, and the impact of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host refugee populations and, at the same time, call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to enable the access of international agencies to help and protect them,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for the annual payment or a longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization with a relationship with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office could perhaps be able to work and could lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been placed on the list of “measures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws but because the rules of the game have changed and that we have no capacity to supervise the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in many countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty to take full advantage.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of criminal legislation, including on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
It is more than a number of girls, and it is used for the school meals to encourage their pupils not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy of women in rural areas.
To be held at eight closed hours on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the Promotion of mutual trust and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks of irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomed the idea of collaborating with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national plans of action and form the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all of the hopes have been made, many of which have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward to achieve all previous commitments and to develop new commitments to achieve the full realization of the objectives set forth in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which clearly clarified the methods and the future work programme of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in the past few months, and whose commitment will have led to the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial reform remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the event of afforestation or reforestation project project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall verify and certify periodically that appropriate assurance is under way during the period under review.
amphetamine continues to be used mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should be given priority to ensure that all their services are working together and their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This means of management and use is also essential for the quality of old grazing and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Guinean police in the use of pistols and provides educational materials on road safety.
If those who use traffickers are deliberately exposed, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their deaths, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration services or other law enforcement officials.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will reaffirm the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “Kzouou”, a name to say “to be divided into Chinese” in Chinese, has stolen in space and is healthy and, except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators must respond to them.
Appendix A to the Rules
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due account of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when revising legislation or adopting relevant legislation.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court handed down a sentence of six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and violated the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, introduced the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended to prepare the reports requested under article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to integrating a gender perspective into its strategies and developing gender policies and programmes, enabling them to address gender discrimination more systematically.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns in the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all those elements, I would like to call once again on the Council to carefully consider international measures that will ensure the security necessary for progress in the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General considers that the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including the salaries of nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would be established at $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time-consuming, effort and resources.
(b) The guidelines will be included in the guidelines for programme presentations for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit of staff training, direct costs on the design, establishment and implementation of training activities funded through the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Personnel Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of life on action taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and action taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within the limits of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties carry out their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the Commission on the Limits of the Border working on the ground, and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries, however, against the target of 19 had reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres of the coast, headed by Jounié and west of Chakka (at 11 km coast).
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired a flare shell in the above waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the six-week rule governing the issuance of documents and all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from issuing documents on paper or its web site until they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
In the near future, Scotland will consider the possibility of extending the scope of those prohibitions.
The annual budget for day-care services for 2003-2004 will be more than threefold, and these additional funds are mostly targeted in the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the goal of a 72 per cent participation rate by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set out.
The targets have been set up with regard to reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
According to the health-care plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are both professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland are also actively engaged in implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (the Commission on the Equality of Racial).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve the services in rural areas, such as school institutions, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory agencies, which may involve the equipment of the business centres proposed, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: more women and children and raising awareness on the choices they are offered in safety and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences as they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was said at the last session of the Committee 661, a contingency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiation of the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council, on 29 September, as not yet settled or without agreement, can be fully resolved in order to make it possible to achieve the transfer in the best conditions and time frames.
It is certainly useful to predict the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already been attempted to make Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the very positive facts and serious challenges to be overcome and overcome if we want, as provided for in the Millennium Declaration, to take a lasting peace and achieve a sustained development.
Table 2
In a democracy, the majority is to choose the rules that it wished to accede and, during the past few years, Canadians have shown that they want less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, with regard to crime issues, it is necessary, for financial reasons, to make a return to a recovery and to focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted its resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is dictated by the first place of the Court, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time frame.
A second technician maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach to other major programmes, is aimed at ensuring maximum efficiency through the establishment of a common unit of services to both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions include the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Group of Participation and Compensation of Victims in 2004, namely the sub-group of participation, the sub-group of compensation and the sub-group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and Deputy Prosecutors in high-risk areas): €952,691
He would also serve as adviser on domestic legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one of the calculation: if the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the pre-eminence of law and would welcome more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a reservation entirely new.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which is the result of progress made over the past 10 years, in anticipation of the midterm meeting of the Donor Advisory Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also insist on the need for more intensive use of the settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council must be advised to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures were negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; the new measures were a relatively strong consensus in the Government coalition and hoped that the regulations would soon be adopted.
15 and 28-31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels is crucial for the sustainability of human beings and the environment; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without prior and informed consent, the owners of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA is established if the culprit is usually performed in this activity.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code which regulates family relations declares in its Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of birth, and to his death, has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of the passage of land, the authorization may be obtained from borders to the authorities of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no such discrepancy between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of values and the potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to government institutions are the Government's cooperation programme with the non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the phrase “or commitment to fulfil” would make it too broad.
However, it was expressed concern that variant B did not explicitly mention the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “invalidity of its responsibility” without first defined liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
(Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Russian Federation, Gabon, India, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Uganda, Pakistan, Syrian Arab Republic, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role as equally important in other tension situations, in particular the question of Palestine.
It is in the Iraqi regime that it has always been responsible for avoiding war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened attentively to the concerns made by Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that it should be guided by our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council is, and will continue to continue, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there are still peoples living under foreign occupation and that under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We also take other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Special resources for the resident coordinator support line will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator provides for the funding of UNDP funds, separate funds that are submitted separately to the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices so that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of poor women, those that affect HIV/AIDS, those in conflict or post-conflict situations and those that are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal therefore does not always reduce the rate of recovery to take into account the interest earned, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to allow a comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current fiscal period, the increase or decreases is expressed in support of the same factors used for approval of the appropriation.
Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in those areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization resulted in a decline in State revenues owing to the decline in tariffs and taxes, and thus resulted in a reduction in public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the Joint Commission on Human Rights and the WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, and stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced cooperation, trade and South-South integration.
One speaker suggested that the working group itself had already been a follow-up mechanism and that it should be in place to review national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of United Nations conferences.
In that context, the Working Group considered that States should strive to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports of developing countries and to remove in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by providing recommendations, as appropriate.
The group raised questions to the Director of the project on the method of water treatment, the quantities of chlorine consumed each year, the quantities of chlorine that contain water, the number of employees and the chlorine-providing entities.
It stresses the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all of them as a balanced one, which only calls for Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level, Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 7
Analysis and valuation 287
Iraq's written response to this claim may be summarized as follows:
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons and other Weapons of Mass Destruction on the merits of the seas and the ocean, as well as in their subsoil (Treaty of the Sea), the Agreement governing the activities of States on the Moon and other celestial bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
The Antarctic Treaty signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq had recognized that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must admit that the term “of the innocence” has arrived, no need for us to be.
The last part of the concluding observations.
General implications: achieving development and poverty reduction only if productivity gaps within countries and countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a result of equitable and sustainable development.
In this context, the strengthening of institutional capacity, skills development and entrepreneurship is also key to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed that UNIDO's technical cooperation activities develop a new approach, which should make it more focused and effective, and the increased experience and expertise of professionals in the framework of the eight UNIDO service modules.
The German-German Treaty establishing a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on the preparations and organization in all Germany of the first election to Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have binding at the national level, because of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, it has a higher authority of ordinary laws and creates direct rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, as they may be construed as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue in another way, on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in developing plans, programmes and policies related to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation in order to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of persons to be endangered and the deteriorating environment.
The construction of new wastewater treatment facilities should, when envisaged, provide for the re-use of such waters.
The quality of waste waste in the workplace, rivers and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, the installation of the installation in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Bririga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year was a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including through improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Following the receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the issue during several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, depending on their means, to fulfil fully the fundamental role of its own.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to meet their functions and to keep them into consideration of issues outside their purview.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, calculated appropriately.
(a) Notes with concern that there is a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session;
(c) The ratio of general General Service staff and senior officials for all offices, and hence the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is undoubtedly the first time since the missile crisis of Cuba, that the peoples of the world are taking the measure of the two possible options around a crisis of this gravity, i.e. a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, or a war, with the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
This is in their interest, in the interests of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months on the ground, it is to be noted that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have easily access over 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are left from their lands, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or that the corporation does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he pointed out that it needed to be prepared to change its positions and to explore each possibility to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30) a preliminary draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Somalia, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland, Tajikistan, Chad, Suriname, Swaziland, Tajikistan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Turkey, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Turkey, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Turkey, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa
What Syria calls — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voices of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The United States delegation would like to know what reasons to be seen in the establishment of a senior body of senior officials as an essential element for the progress of the major organizational reforms to strengthen the international civil service (A/57/30 para.
The European Union concurs with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of reimbursable education and the grant for education in countries and the currency zones listed in paragraph 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the payment recommendation and additional reimbursement of boarding expenses (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total of bank deposits increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent over the last six months.
This time of history requires reflection, an interview and action.
Mexico believes that a real reform must be based on five very precise guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually expanded to services.
Aims and Objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and to counter the objective of easy, economic and rapid access to insolvency proceedings.
The encumbered assets may have the effect of increasing the provision of credit, because secured creditors would have the assurance that their real rights would not be harmed by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset will need to be balanced with potential and cost-effective costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult decisions on this protection.
Final termination clauses
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limits imposed by the insolvency representative on the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, it may be possible that the insolvency representative should initiate a procedure to recover the assets or value of the counterparty when the latter fails to return.
As noted above, however, there is a total dictionation of the business and damage to the continuation of its exploitation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not claim the completeness and, in some cases, functions overlap or will not be relevant owing to the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly linked to the general functions assigned to them, as indicated above.
When a creditor committee is formed (and recruitment of professionals), it may be effective in requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them require general rules, such as the reorganization plan, to be sufficiently clear and precise to all parties on the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain proposed rights, or set forth minimum requirements, such as the plan to provide payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this deadline may be 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on the notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring that the request be made to the debtor, and giving it the opportunity to refute this claim
For example, the ILO Convention on Protection of Workers' Claims in Insolvency Case, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interactions between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement by commending the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced a closed meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force over the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcre Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) and the members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in the right process.
The Tog Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services to enable G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is spreading and makes women and young girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult combatants were the only people to be given their attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is disseminating a general training manual “Gender and peacekeeping” to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict situations and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to help them and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
In 12 years Saddam Hussein had defused Security Council resolutions.
We are now in rapid growth, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the most recent of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of the duration of the annual sessions is to be translated into a cost of $2222,300 on the basis of full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They understand that the realization of the right to water without discrimination and requires measures to ensure effective, practical and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Office may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
(a) The aerosol is based on division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, a large, implammable components and if the chemical heat is equal or exceeds 30 kJ/g;
“A United Nations 3175, the test test is not required when the liquid is completely absorbed in a solid manner and in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Eware to be satisfactory at the test level of packing group II”.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace the type 1 (type I P-1), “Technology of type 2 (type I P-2) and “model industry of 3 (type I P-3)" by “model type I P-1” by “model type I P-2” and “model type I P-3”, respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 becomes 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6.6 and 6.1.4.8.1.1.8.8.1.1.4.4.7.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Management of the system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyeha pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, in fact, no longer existed in the country, they could not testify against perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, ensuring peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a lasting and credible basis.
Without supporting the related ills of the Patrimonism, we can argue that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
While there has been a backlog over the past two years, the level remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued leadership and leadership of Africa, working in support of sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international treaty on trade in biotechnology products.
• Relocation of pollutants and organic nutrients by ad hoc sources;
Annex II
As the Secretary-General indicated in his last report, in the review of the activities of the White Helmets Commission in 1999 the Commission on White Helmets, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, as A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children is a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the discharge of his duties for peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, counter-border trafficking, cooperation in law enforcement and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in function until the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate that conditions function in the best and can be used in innovative ways, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had prepared at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC), all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this topic.
This is the risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourour and the well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killing, rafles, destruction and detention are the share of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is far from a world fit for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugee children, especially isolated minors, and displaced children within their countries who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems, against sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were developing legislation providing stricter penalties for convicted traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
Resources to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium, as well as section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the provision of a total increase of 12 posts, including a net decrease of 27 international posts and 21 national posts, including 43 United Nations Volunteers, compared with 32, or 11 of them, including 43 United Nations Volunteers, compared with 32 previously, or 11 of them; the expert and consultants ($1,00,000; travel of travel and consultants ($10,000), travel ($575,300); travel of $1,997,300; operating costs ($19,994,100) and information and training programmes ($811,500).
Consideration of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, addressed to the Secretary-General, and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajikyini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to submit a briefing to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration by the Council of the item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same: the annexation.
The fear of fear is always very poor and is an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway will like to reiterate that conviction without ambiguity in his interview with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, will lead to despair.
However, it took note of the various views that had been expressed in the Working Group with regard to the form and scope of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main features.
24 to 71) agreed to recommend to the secretariat that the scope of the study should include the obstacles to electronic commerce that could be derived from other instruments of other organizations proposed to include, and to discuss with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed by the Secretariat on its current workload.
Enterprises that operate legitimate trade activities should not be afraid to disclose their identity or institution.
(i) To make a further reduction in non-strategic nuclear weapons, which is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the process of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to ban any measure that would undermine its commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The members of the State Duma states that when considering the ratification of the documents to be submitted by Latvia to the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation and the European Communities and their member States, others will determine whether it is necessary to ratify it as it is to be ratified by Latvia in fulfilling its human rights and national minorities obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encouraged the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors and both specific and politically sound.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Through this simplified interface, it is possible not only for the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed in order to determine whether they could be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall, in addition to the candidates listed in paragraph 5 of article 3, between two candidates whose names are also submitted by the Secretary-General, who shall perform the functions of an international investigating judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the development period of Siidi El Kilani 56 - 95 9
KAFCO assessed fuel Fet A-1 to its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of purchased quantities.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it considered in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is irrisive on the demand that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has addressed to the international community on the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November last November, Maher Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely, the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall are against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while putting the mark on the terrorists of all walks, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy is the despair of certain peoples, victims of frustrations and intolerable injustice, which will not be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in trans-establishing the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, pledged
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999 in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees are killed and others are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of the village development committees that must be at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are willing to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for such trials.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and early transfer would allow cases to be completed, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
The subregional level
That is why solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes are the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, first of which nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and export credits, but without precise objective or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including through the facilitation of access, in good conditions, credit and commercial and technical training;
This project is under way in Central Asian mountains.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of creating an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to help address the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration between the organizations sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be deleted from the legislation on the criminal sanctions of both Republics and explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish a open-ended working group to explore ways and means of improving predictability.
In particular, the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would impose considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in cases of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disorder, resulting in the disruption of the administration of the country), to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in case.
The delegation of the sponsor proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in cases of force to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis. The view was expressed that it did not respond satisfactorily to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important problem of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to address and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight changes that the Group of Governmental Experts has recommended this year, the concerns of members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged, in particular the fact that the experience of the Register has shown that the experience of past years has shown that, within seven categories of conventional weapons, there will be no universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is an historic opportunity that is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is taking the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points on the UNMIBH liquidation operation (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference, Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available on www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
Barriers to the full and full participation of women in political life are rather different in traditional attitudes of society; there is indeed some resistance, by men, to the fact that women can play a role at a decision-making level.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of the instigator of the April in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket and ballons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Edrange by research teams in the fields of plastics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and materials.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development had not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner, in order to facilitate and strengthen the ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already led to strengthening the capacity of Somali institutions for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Target group: All exams.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the General Assembly at its seventh session on measures taken to implement the present decision.
“Dayers of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is in your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral organizations to continue to provide voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to develop and implement programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that, in order to address the issue at a meeting of the Expanded Bureau, it seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the Expanded Bureau, in informal terms, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures on the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board during the six-month period set out above, after which the expenses will be borne by the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the three-step programme of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, as a result of the establishment of the legal framework for counter-terrorism, following the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of the legislation and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains close and small.
In spite of the bitter periods of hope to see a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed clashes in other stages and periods that have profound implications and impact on the peace efforts that Egypt has made in objectivity and clear determination, which is all the opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State exposes the maritime sector to the smuggling of arms and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and military courts to the armed forces.
The participants were in the number of 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where after four years of reform the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to perform its functions, or if the member State is continuously members of the Executive Board, the Office shall designate a Vice-Chairpersons as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the deletion of 57 outputs and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee of Missing Persons in Cyprus, since there is a long time that there is no agreement on how to implement its programme of work and that it is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was presented as a grant to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 of the strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and the outcome conclusions be presented to the Commission on the Status of Women for its consideration and action, as appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I is listed in annex II.
One minority representative recommended self-government for the people of Uruguay in a specific region of Nigerian territory, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use requiring further discussion and discussion.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is, however, a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (which could include the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and guide markets), without losing sight that market forces are not enough to address the energy poverty of developing countries, especially in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “production”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-16 Turkish military aircraft, coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Apostololos Andreas before exiting over the direction of the east, resulting in a reverse manner.
There is a need to see long-term things and demonstrate political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, demonstrate the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency conditions, of increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners in the field.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss with us the areas of collaboration.
Those words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Allow me at the outset to thank your delegation for having included an important issue that the human rights situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is on the agenda of the Council.
An ecosystem approach implies the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, to investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor more than the United States has provided money to Iranian nationals after the Cuban missiles shot a Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
The introduction of students in knowledge management, in particular those relating to accounting
(b) Analysis and design techniques of systems (Cue, which addresses information technology issues, is addressed in module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered a very serious reopening of Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, when preparing the budget of the conference services, that the resources under general temporary assistance provide for the full application of the required services based on current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the model provision 32 and would therefore be entitled “any land expropriation that may be required for the implementation of the project is carried out in accordance with ...” and would be followed by the formats currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the model provision 32 and possibly a reference to regulatory assumptions.
A second term could be added to the French version.
The model provision, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in a manner that allows for the proper monitoring of their rights and, in addition, that they have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of asserting their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services do not allow it to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, and to adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General in response to the request contained in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, to ensure that all two and every two are fully and freely accessible to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of 15 April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as contained in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to dismantling the major mining enterprises held by the State such as Gesamam and MIBA (Republic of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to the Governments that have paid additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and to strengthen those existing;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision taken to purchase new high-cost generators, the generators that could be repaired through spare parts and sufficient to supply electricity.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the provision of protection and assistance as far as possible, and that the family is of various forms, which differs according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group was involved in the problems of identifying suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its guiding role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building: support to organizational and planning entities (both events and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
There were specific discussions on those items and draft resolutions and considered the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission for six hours and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed the meeting of the meeting and encouraged it to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who leads a private sector or works, in any way or indirectly, an undue advantage, in itself or for another person or entity, in order to do or to refrain from carrying out an act and fails to act as a result of its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial operation, which is an injury to the private sector in question].
[(j) Identify, freeze and locate the funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system designed for the convention takes into account existing regional mechanisms and efforts to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a “without action”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not energy.
(b) To make a difference between different cases in their degree of difficulty by increasing more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and more transparent protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In response to the resolve of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, States that have so far must demonstrate that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note that forest forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (in the event of strong discouragement at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, approving the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It strives to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women members of the ambassador, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which went to the Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, replenishment of the National Commission for Action against piracy and terrorism as a National Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views had enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Use Regulul
H. M. M. M. M.
However, it may be necessary in such a case to take various factors into account, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR is addressing donor generosity, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The key task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the Community's work provide a valuable potential for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29B.24 Programme planning and budgeting is vested in the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In view of these contributions, the balance of the INSTRAW Trust Fund at 31 December 2003 is estimated to be at $755,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of the term “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Llesor Air (Egypt); NL = Lone Sar Airways (eded by the Government of Liberia; Relief, Transport Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal looting by the security forces, extortion and other bribes threaten any prospect of economic stabilization and could only discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gendarmes would be, according to testimonies collected, of de-listing acts.
HIV/AIDS prevalence increases and children accounted for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, the country offices will endeavour to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and goals
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and information received on the implementation of the programmes of action was among key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the Fund's work in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers employed by the Organization and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their fields of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research in order to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Jordan, Latvia, Lebanon, Malta, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Portugal, Qatar, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, San Marino, the Holy See, Serbia and Montenegro, Singapore, Slovenia, the Sudan, Thailand, Uruguay and Yemen, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Republic of Moldova, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America and the United States of America.
I hope that the Ministers will seek accelerated measures on all of these vital security issues.
The growing links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction are growing.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system of work for the biennium 2002-2003 (A/58/215, A/58/335/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5 and A/58/61), and the strengthening of the United Nations website (A/58/217 and A/58/7/Add.1)); 121 (Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi) to enable the United Nations Office at Nairobi to receive adequate meetings and conferences (A/58/530)
Encourages countries to submit national reports, at the Commission's review session, in particular, highlighting the concrete progress made in implementing, including results, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and more balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade trade, was raised and considered as a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress in the implementation of the objectives, including through coordination of information received from various sources and activities to strengthen capacity during the Commission's sessions; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system and, finally, a record containing information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has resulted in the development of educational materials, training of trainers and senior officials, and providing technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total total amount - i.e., the amount of USD 25,432,044 under the interest and the amount of USD 17,784,5151 for the preparation of files, for the 380 claims of the first part of the sixteenth instalment, which was made by the Committee in the amount of USD 479,022,288.82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will seek to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of agencies produce synergies.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General, and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as indicated below, will be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly and Conference Services, $1,004,600; section 4, Disarmament, $254,200; section 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
Under its outreach programme, the Government is immediately providing shelter, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempts to find work, thereby providing the vulnerable group with a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is making the full reform of its statistical and census centre, with the aim of improving data collected and updating and providing a gender breakdown.
There is a growing literature, on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and the increasingly growing practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR general comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Are it necessary to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible for the law on local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in more pragmatic ways;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that was initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of the conversion of debt investments in the ecology and sustainable development.
There were cases in the past where meetings of States parties had been delayed or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of human rights prices.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in light of existing instruments concerning electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&Ilubs supported the implementation of the door-to-door instrument and indicated that if difficulties could arise with a limited network system, it was to be noted that the transport industry had, in a large measure, adopted a network of a multimodal transport network, including the UNCTAD/ITC Rules and the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question regarding the reasons for the draft instrument to apply a default rule in case of “non-containment”, it was reiterated that the bulk of the draft instrument was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage would be predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
In comparison with the posts approved on 30 June 2003, the staffing would be strengthened by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional staff, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national level).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Representatives to Equality between Women and Men, and was concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint work programme with IAEA to develop a standard in implementing the IAEA security standards process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA procedures and mechanisms and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
In our very great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq's Iraq, so that they can fulfil the tasks entrusted to them by the Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care continues to be tragically inappropriate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations were a setback.
Among those, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and dialogue, plural and representative, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has defined guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and capacity-building, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin by holding an international colloquium to study various aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requested to benefit from consultative status with UNIDO: the World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of these measures and would give a reference to the incident of “obphone”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the Committee's report to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to distribute the Chairpersons of the teams to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union was a result of the shared vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges that the continent and its people must face in the light of the social, economic and political changes that occur in the world.
They stressed that those institutions should resist efforts by some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance in proportion of the needs of affected populations, without influencing the level of interest in the media, nor by the geographical position of the location that it requires the provision of humanitarian assistance.
According to the surveys carried out by Tunisia, it is anticipated that no Tunisian bank agency or any engineering operator have funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this area and the United Nations regional commissions to provide some activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety lies at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (theme on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Penal Code, provides for the Office of the Anti-Money Laundering Office to freeze the funds or financial assets of individuals or organizations charged with terrorism without delay.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is regularly reviewed on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Devestment and the Ushen County Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations to ensure sustainable management of land resources and to translate into a qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increase agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies, as well as their histories, vision of cosmos, philosophies and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the stalemate in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that states that non-nuclear-weapon States have absolutely needed negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to allow the Conference to live in isolation or to allow it to be sinked because of obstacles to cross or because our sense of helplessness gives us us to decline.
In the development of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of the rights and protection of the child in the activities of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is re-elected by an organization that is entitled to the United Nations common system of less than 12 months after the termination of the contract, the amount of the month or days of treatment that has been paid to the end of the period of time, add to the month, weeks or days of treatment paid to the end of the period of service, is not exceeding the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would be paid to him if it has been used in an ongoing manner.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims relating to instalments completed on 2 May 1990 or after the date are within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts for the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the various places and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delineate the area and the compensable period of compensation (“the “D”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 after the end of the mandate of South Africa on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will review best practices from recent planning activities and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more rapidly than the past, through strengthening the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new civilian support personnel (as described in subsections 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment of the deployment team for the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of origin.
An interactive training-based CD-ROM on stress management was recently completed and sent to field missions in December 2002.
Training in mission missions has been strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct must apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to categories of staff.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
Commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
Lessons learned from pilot pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, including the start-up costs, which require skills that persons with disabilities can acquire.
It is increasing tension between the vulnerability of one party and the independence of others — when a person so far is confronted with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
Having considered the studies of informative and interesting cases, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants, and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strawy
United Nations Decade for Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to claimants so that they could address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the complainant, but it was not able to determine whether it had been limited before or after the date of the arms embargo imposed under Security Council resolution 661 (1990) on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to reduced employees in the event of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para. 142.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
At the same time, there is four to 7 per cent of these mining groups.
- The leaders and leaders of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons providing assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through the financing of terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or providing funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or through transactions related to funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, stating that it exercises jurisdiction for offences covered under article 2 of the Convention in cases under article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This Act, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Quarterly Code) as at 31 December 2000.
The Commission and its members play a central, individual and collective role in helping the GM to fulfil its mission, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including members of the members of the Commission, is that it has not yet fulfilled its role, which has been adopted so far as a result of a careful attitude.
A niche for the Global Mechanism
The curfews continue, but it is not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998 brought together experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other law, and if so, if so, whether or, in the negative, if such provisions may be invoked in the courts, courts and administrative authorities and if they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are financed through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the special economic assistance needs of the country.
With regard to the number of vacancies, it is true that it should not improve significantly, given the gradual reduction of activities.
The defence service system is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, which is significantly lower than in 2001, is partly due to the rising security concerns caused by terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001, which led to some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territories.
In 1998, many evidence had been handed over to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government considered that an investigation was necessary to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action on the situation, assessing the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Brazilian law enforcement officers and law enforcement officers have followed training in the Regional Training Centre on Drugs in the Andean Community, in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on services related to the equipment and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or to inflict death penalty or other cruel, inhuman or inhuman treatment.
It was indicated, on specific cases mentioned in the report, that the port of fers for long periods, or in the event of transfer, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this extract may be consulted on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síocháa, or to facilitate the commission of a crime, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall declare an order on a complaint, unless the defendant or any other person has established to his satisfaction that the funds are not used or intended to be used for such purposes.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e., the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals, and dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002 to ensure that the Overseas Caribbean Territories provide detailed information on all their assets of savings prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to include the training of specialized social assistants in particular in drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean have some small arms to cope with both phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify the use of multinational biological resources and define land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes or to participate, to prevent and operate in its territory and to do so, nor should it be permitted, nor to provide them, nor to provide them, nor to them use the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African malaria belk, as well as some mountainous regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including the applicable standards of protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical and great changes in which the forces of aggressiveism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to lead to new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, as the current disparities are that some international civil servants can be more easily able to take advantage of the administrative tribunal.
For its part, the Administration should follow up on requests for review by the administration of justice bodies, which is a requirement that is often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gooochea (Cuba) said that he wished to clarify that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that his delegation accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
The summary has been prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidelines
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both co-sponsored the Taiwan Straits, will resolve its differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness of the importance of space activities and promoting sustainable development through the use of space research, promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and private sector, space-related systems and services and improving the management of the natural resources of the world.
Viet Nam has committed itself to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After shelling the wealth of developing countries, former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities banned the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a successful Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power from most forest workers has considerably reduced the impact of returning to workers most difficult.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, which is a part of all, the challenge is to meet the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement those obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the meeting of 6 March take place at its headquarters.
Colombia fully acceded to the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
We are doing so, and we see that we have yet to do so.
Are it not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on quality and availability of health services.
There are 282,523 women (19.3 per cent) of 143,383 teachers.
Some reproductive health goals included in the ninth Plan and the second long-term health plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, the population is informed and educating the population at the level of women's health, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, volunteer health workers and health personnel.
All the formal sector credit institutions require tangible guarantees to grant loans.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never been confronted with a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people with HIV/AIDS, have drawn attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of a remote sensing convention, make it possible that resolution 41/65 is still a useful tool, since it is in the process of following two principles that they consider as priority:
Rape was used in impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate honour crimes against women and intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes by using legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a post of ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism within all peacekeeping support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations that international human rights law confers on transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
There are clear violations of the right to food, as well as deliberate destruction of schools and health-care facilities in many regions, a flagrant violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation of the Georgian economy had somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external burden and a higher unemployment rate for 12 per cent (official).
Consequently, they doubted that the non-payment of the amount required under Article 19, and even less non-compliance with its obligations in the three previous payment plans is due to independent circumstances of its commitment.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities to the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the interventions planned for 2003 and beyond, there is an improvement in national health and family life capacity, strategic planning of the adolescent and youth component of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS and support this component and promote a supportive approach to orphans that are respectful of their rights;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — the qualities you have displayed throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here, at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to increase the scope of TCDC in its work programme through both the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Royal Police, in close cooperation and coordination with other law enforcement agencies, is working with States in the region where information exchange and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, and to request that the draft United Nations convention against corruption be considered in a timely manner, and that the draft United Nations convention against corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signing Conference, to be held in Mida (Yucatan) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
to the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [D.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and again addressed general issues relating to the scope of the application (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity of the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, as well as the United Nations system, provides an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which lack adequate resources to discuss all United Nations activities in detail.
The first synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) referred to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on the decline in global opium production, from about 20,000 tonnes per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania (2.8 per cent).
Financing programmes for alternative development and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation where all the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, we have left this opportunity, and I will not speak.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory comprises 14 public education institutions and four public education institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have mainly used the Strategic Framework for Poverty Reduction (CLP).
The border is thus already determined, yet further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan (the Pristina region) remained vacant, no qualified candidate had been submitted.
Representatives of the Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Nooo Brdo (the Gnjilane region) and Zvecan ( Mitrovica region) complained about difficulties in access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme should achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the part of Governments: (a) economic stability at the national level and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental impacts, through advice and assistance from UNEP; and (c) adequate voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the programme of work.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices in the field of social and environmental responsibility for the Internet (1); information advisory services (the exchange of information) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online data on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and web site of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme for the socio-economic and political development of the continent, and it must also be addressed to a comprehensive point of view.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global crisis, global action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in order to ensure greater efficiency and efficiency and to facilitate access to information by the Special Rapporteur in the discharge of its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for promoting the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, and to submit, in consultation with interested parties, a progress report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with appreciation that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for rapid completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling General Comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, on exemptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the period of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) Continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by working with international donors in the training of law enforcement authorities, which are designed to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement measures for reform of the penitentiary regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 10 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up of the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hopes that the Committee will be able to complete the work of the Committee,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance for any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including, inter alia, the provision of evidence and necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed in draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, to insert, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs read as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which his country was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia subsequently joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap in the age, and that the status of older women everywhere must be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred by their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions with the Secretariat in order to ensure that, henceforth, it would be useful to provide detailed information to the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission provided 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24 680 hours of flight and 24 aircraft and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskeson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of judges had been formed to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received the following proposals in writing:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace CO2 equivalent G2
In many cases, “the streets” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not possible to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the place where they are located.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who have been arrested by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hezbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelem, who, through their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $7,966,000 reflects the costs of meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technology;
During the raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, found death.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed to the ordinary armed forces caused the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in conflict was far from proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays have occurred in the implementation of the comprehensive reviews, the implementation of the implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because time to change the management culture and focus on products and achievements, rather than inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, it is not possible to achieve the goals set forth in the Programme of Action, thereby leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, which affect the lives of millions of people around the world.
They can do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights set forth in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Defender.
It also commends the State party's efforts to make public progress on the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including through the possibility of facilitating the consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in Estonia's concluding observations.
With regard to general observation, the view was expressed that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full access to information, in any equal manner, information from public authorities or third parties on water, water supply and environment.
The Operation “A package for a Peace soldier” has resulted in the dispatch to the Blue Helmets in Bosnia and Lebanon of 15,000 packages at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to ensure confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising mine-risk populations, destroying mine stocks, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and encouraging new States to accede to the Convention and to its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving the lives of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and outlined some of the adjustments that were taken at the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice to a person who commits or attempted to commit such acts.
“bis bis.
If the homicide is committed by the author, while he leads a vehicle in the light of the drug or medicine, which is in a position or in a situation that is harmful or reduced its mental or physical capabilities, the sentence of imprisonment is twice that it would be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the files reviewed and the arguments heard, the President addresses the procurement recommendations for approval to the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of the Nineteenth Ministerial Meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute effectively and effectively to the challenge of the abduction of anti-personnel mines worldwide and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to the social security courses provided in LOGSE, young people entering the labour market without completing their training.
Social security sites included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses or whose marriage has been declared null.
Therefore, the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that must inspire public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personal self-economic assistance for protected housing, and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and autonomous public administrations maintain their respective normative competencies, which are in a coordinated manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed in the proportion or amount of the appropriation.
A solution is to provide for children, early childhood, culturally appropriate education and gender awareness in promoting a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set forth in the Barcelona Traction judgement derives from the general principles of the law of corporations accepted by civilized nations and not customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set forth in the Barcelona Traction case have led States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allows investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitral tribunals or the International Centre for Settlement Settlement Disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the case of Delagoa Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they were to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese society in which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had jurisdiction only to set the amount of reparation to grant.
Thus, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purpose of diplomatic protection in changing its social siege, domicile or location, which is controlled.
Ibid., p. 5.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants do not claim a violation of their rights as a shareholder of the brassage, such as to sit in the General Assembly and to vote.
The widest possible legal assistance is granted, as well as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings concerning offences involving a legal person may be responsible for the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial assignment of the value of this product or of the proceeds or funds derived from their sale to the multilateral debt reduction of the requesting State Party.
]
Proposed proposal by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
To promote the development of young rural youth worldwide, FAO also stresses, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of those persons has somewhat changed in the wake of the recent conflict, some families who have been able to return, resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate efforts and others in this area, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and degrees
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed to see both external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit an additional interim report to be submitted by the Government of Saint Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that sense, I would like to repeat the Secretariat's capacity and to make all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke both eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
Given that I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the crucial role and advocacy played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacré-Céisi de Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who have been granted permission to the Prince Christmas, the Cocos and the Ashmore Islands were returned to Nauru and the Isle of Man in Papua New Guinea, where they would be housed in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
As a result of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are hopeful to carry out the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee is concerned about the issue of treaties, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for the review, a number of issues have been made to make every progress more difficult.
In the negotiations previously held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package, agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot territory is in this range.
The concrete results in the field of gender equality did not seem to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
There would be more comprehensive information on the services that women have access, on financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals or entities responsible for those efforts and on measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly observes that the centres in the latter need to be managed differently from those in the first, where access to Internet and libraries is not a problem.
Ms. Afif (Morocco) said that it was very important that the Organization should have internal oversight mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important importance is to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid it.
The proposed items will be added to the list issued in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The aquatic aerosols must be classified as tlammable, extremely injurious or inflammable, in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous people has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
There is no rule and seems to be determined to translate its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in disregard of the will of the international community, the construction of a expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular at school, should contribute to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 in the special sessions of the General Assembly, in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences to which those States had initially participated as observers, and to participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies,
The interest of an indicator on the retention assurance mechanisms is easily explained as the public considers that banks are not companies such as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system of information collection on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nedor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of affected countries, taking into account the priorities outlined by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacity for disaster preparedness and disaster management, including to transfer military control, military control, responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a key requirement for UNOPS activities.
They called for a happy retreat.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to go beyond its objectives.
It urges the State party not to recruit children as soldiers or auxiliary ones, or even to engage in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through the links to the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for the continuation of the Working Group.
It was noted that there was a lot of lessons learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.based.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the item on the basis of the draft resolution contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally revised.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Germany, Germany, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Ukraine, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
The French version of the GUNNG's information base was published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, prior to the continuation and adoption of the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the critical role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Expert Group on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the attention of the expert has again been drawn to the need to provide uniforms to police officers and to provide training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries in transition in the forest sector (1); day-to-day web site providing documents on meetings, publication of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, including the challenges of children, government ministries, the police, the Central Agency for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Protection of Minors Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, unless the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all the languages mandated for independent reasons, and should, exceptionally, submit provisionally to be submitted in the form of an asterisk or summary summaries in the relevant languages, with respect to the time frames specified;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the “official language” as a working language of WIPO (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, and recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to ensure that “ Portuguese is used as a working language in WIPO”.
Such an exercise could be carried out within the framework of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff that should be fully part of the regular data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also stated that the time frame for translation is to add to the normal time frames for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Organization for Economic Development Cooperation should be expanded to cover trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general study programmes, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to change stereotypical attitudes to the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that children's education is a social responsibility both for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account school abandonment and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that its consideration of the third periodic report on the Act on the Period of 300 days imposed on widow or divorced women is the result of remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that each can reconcile family responsibilities and responsibilities and promote equitable sharing of domestic and family labour between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence in South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands, in which they reported that:
The facts and the history of contracts in connection with this project were presented in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes USD 2,3009,292 for the work and materials that have been delivered on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 under the retention monies that SEOG would have retained.
The evidence shows that the work to be performed in the most recent cases (from 47 and 61) was executed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of Iraq's employees, because the assets of projects were left without monitoring.
No other deduction were made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi Customs authorities had never cancelled the remainder of the fines (IQD 3488,000) that they had been assigned to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee shall shorten these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and to reduce the cost of translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various objectives set out in these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government committed themselves to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the mandated reductions of greenhouse gases,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and the Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
Accordingly, it was to provide the Committee with the resources necessary to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified, in any way, that it is tolerated that such smuggling, which is still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, reference should be made to the Secretary-General's observation in his report, namely that the objectives could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase momentum in the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than poverty eradication.
A death in suspicious circumstances that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Map's detention camp in which the Liberian fighters seeking refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons has started in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will begin only by early January to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who are supposed to participate in the operation, or twice more than in the pilot phases of Kunduz and Gardz.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of summer 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the northern part of the country should be under ISAF command.
Activities for which more core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
A 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM), Hungary No. one to lose to end violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel believes that the illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently preparing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba), Voinjama (Bafa), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong Bong), Harper (on Maryland) and Zweedru ( Grand Gedeh), which provides humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised its control over all the highly beneficial, lawful or illicit industries, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to improving the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially the elites for freedom and democracy, but also to the work of law enforcement forces, both and if so, as well as the fact that my country appears to have lost the attraction of many young people.
Today, the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11 941 mosques in operation, would be in the process of completion and 1,079 in the course of implementation.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Energy Committee at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments in order to enhance the competitiveness and productivity of information and communication technologies; (b) there is sufficient infrastructure and technology applications to promote networking and connectivity; (c) Member States will be able to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on the Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define an effective algorithms of filtering and fire-free fire, as the fragmentation of the problem was high.
In collaboration with the law of Lawrence Lloyore National Laboratory (United States) and the “Byial College in London”, the Musumum of Natural History continued to assess the technical techniques of particulate particulatetic analysis in a boelelel.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the equipment, its reform and orbit system and its guidance, navigation and control components, needed to ensure the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least twice, a “Ekran satellite” and the door-to-door route of a subuman rocket have occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments have not been listed, which means that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate the production of drugs by 2013 and its efforts to implement decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interrelated.
• Exceptions in regional security
Minimum requirements applicable to medical treatment, assisted by drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter to be circulated to the members of the working group.
With regard to the design of the content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the offices of resident coordinators in countries where they exist and can enter into partnerships with institutions and national organizations, such as United Nations associations.
Phase 2 was completed on 4 February 2002 with the entry of the new multilingual system, which fully operated the multilingual environmental capabilities of the Lotus Notes, allowing users to choose from six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing the custody of the child, the duration of the guard and access to a lawyer during the course of the Committee.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Human Rights Commission to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“Paris Principles”), as contained in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully consistent with the four-year base period.
Ms. Shin wished to congratulate Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women in 1975 and had recently ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
In this context, UNISPACE III focused on objectives:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration by over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of the LDCs to implement the principles of good governance, in particular by the United Kingdom Development Assistance Committee in the United Republic of Tanzania, are the initiative of the OECD Development Assistance Committee on the effectiveness of international assistance and governance; donor contributions to the Governance Forum in Africa, as well as seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, announced additional debt relief and, in response to the lack of reservations to the HIPC Trust Fund, have decided to increase their contribution to the Fund; the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of LDCs and the free admission of exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations in Jakarta have been standardized; members of the militia in West Timor seem to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and the constant efforts that it will make to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast on the web and archived basis for the purpose of the www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity in which the Turkish representative referred to the Turkish representative is only one — and I are working here in the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, which is subordinate to Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-Cistball Network also organizes, in Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-racism world, a cultural and sports event, which brings together artists and white and non-civilian artss and communities of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Racking the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the couple may benefit from the provisions of subparagraphs (a) (i) and (ii) above, the other may be entitled to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) (iii) if it meets the requirements;
The review of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, participants in the meeting expressed greater support for such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East contained in the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Seriously concerned about the discrimination against girls and the lack of adequate access to physical and mental health, as well as the frequent use of the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, and frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation and violence and harmful practices such as infanticide, incest, early marriage, prenatal selection, sex and genital mutilation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for promoting and protecting the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of optional protocols to the Convention, which covers children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, or to accede to them and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is better results, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of mine-action data and standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, be included.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate, as soon as possible, the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission, which is summarized in the work of the session, chapter III, where the comments of States would be particularly relevant to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Committee in first or second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves under the Charter to ensure that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of self-government.
The President: If any other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall be held in 2003, within available resources, at least one session of 10 working days, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
Chapter I, chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which is chaired by the Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result of the traditional industries and industries of poor countries?
It is important for all nations of the world to recognize that what happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday — the reconstruction today — is a tragic historical event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and to be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed, it had not been prevented from exchanging and cooperating with the countries of the signatory.
Of the 250,000 persons who had been killed in circumstances related to war since 1989, at least half would be unarmed combatants.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian aid and property throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of a violation of the rights of women of any kind of employment, the person concerned is entitled to take the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
In Latvia there are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues.
In spite of these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its limited strength, the lack of its operating budget, and the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or other camp, and by the high-level nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
In spite of that, the Assembly has always been unable to refute the accusation that it fails to fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging, taking into account the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons phase before 24 December 2002, as planned, to note that the Plan of Action for the successful collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its purview and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we must act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is willing to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the actions of the intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level conferences and conferences held since the submission of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Africa Division
Fourteen countries received equal or higher assistance over $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola should strive to resolve specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, thank you for organizing this meeting.
I think that, starting from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville technical capacity to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken control over certain parts of Western Slavonia and Western Slavonia, entering into the territories in a single State, the “Reparka Srpska Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to an environmental problem.
This cooperation helps to link individuals and businesses in developing countries and to attract national and foreign investment for the development and modernization of productive capacities, which increases the competitiveness of developing countries in the manufacturing sector.
For our part, Jordan rejects all the wrong wrongs and the campaigns aimed at denarding Arabs and Muslims in the tagting of terrorists.
There is, however, behind the discussions that took place prior to the war and fuelling controversy, a great difficulty in the distribution of power on the international scene after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council is more visible and relevant for ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization in order to ensure stability and create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not an attempt to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that global policy indicators, whether at the national or international level, were more difficult to define that indicators for achieving concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should be given adequate attention.
The mistakes of this kind in the report, which could appear to be superficial, were in serious and fundamental reality if it was in a political context.
He wished to inform the representative that, while he wished to do so, it was necessary to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exiled, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
E. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 10
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect from 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
A number of ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of primary industrial associations and non-governmental groups were also attended by several ministers.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development, and that, at the national level, sensitive social and economic policies, the right to life, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and investment conducive to investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police strength, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2 June in June 2005.
The authors of the report concluded that the combination of evaluation based on different feedback and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Maleichich (Belarus), Vice-Chairman-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceedings
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
The model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programme and Budget, the Director-General had entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division to increase the evaluation and develop appropriate performance indicators.
Before replicating in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as UNIDO's methodology, the framework framework is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim covers six contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used on oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, the elements to demonstrate that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility that it manages the entire VIC buildings is sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly clear to the late formulation of a reservation and that the restrictions imposed in the latter case (appendix 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transmitted to the extent of the scope of reservations, which is, in fact, reflected in the usual practice, in particular,
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of the infiltration of hydrocarbons in the underlying waters is low.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken as appropriate to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of arms are subject to responses to questions 22 and 23 and any other activity other than those envisaged under these procedures is considered an offence under the criminal law applicable in this case.
Space-space:
A list of space systems on sustainable development is provided in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): At the same time, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in the international legal instruments, to remove or nullify all laws and measures that affect the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction and to freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro remains deeply committed to any political process and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Transfer Unit would be called upon to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter II
Upon arrival, at 910 hours, inspectors met with the Director of the warehouse, the type of drugs and diagnostic equipment, the enterprise structure and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred during the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor of 0.01 per cent will be used for the establishment of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para. 54).
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to conduct its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize the strike or participate, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equality of access to higher education allows for the reasons for school students who wish to continue their studies in order to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, such as soil erosion and the termination of plant and animal species in some circles (for example, rivers, rivers and lakes) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means that the level of poverty is likely to continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 on social security (standard standard), insured persons who have contributed to less than 20 years acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributory contributions.
See table 18 annexed to the annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of the force of force/international stabilization force.
Do you encountered difficulties in implementing the names and identification information currently listed in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation of War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be held without reservation to the same as those, when warranted, for the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards in the protection of children, but they remain without results.
This approach should be re-elected by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreed truce.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and nationals of third States who disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and has been very pronounced.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of Sierra Leone (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Panel also considered several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that claimants owed to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,747,379,833 for commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, whose review will be assigned to “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 1233.
Stresses the need to address broader acceptance, the operation and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government urgently needs the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjaj
This reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion, in paragraph 1 (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the following definition:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the pre-proposal and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to review the new priorities, it was first to identify outdated activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections took place in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Action on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improved and modernizing conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable it to meet in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National communication on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Developing of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
Space object: satellite is used for commercial communications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose, as appropriate, comprehensive programmes in the area of precautionary and vigilant duty-building in order to promote transparency and prevent the placement of funds acquired in an effective manner;
We greatly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global environmental assessment mechanism, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General, which is now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and transparent inter-agency and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to bridge the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law in the world of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the minimization of risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the recovery of the minimum base salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances at the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which indicated that no changes were required.
On 20 September, he had been arrested arbitrarily by members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, working agents and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca, who had visited Bay to support the march of the Naa peasants.
It is worth mentioning the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, inter alia, includes trafficking in persons with criminal offences.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
Such support should allow the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term reduction of poverty.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants, in particular small arms and light weapons, will ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons to their countries and promote human rights.
At this stage, however, I would like to make a few remarks, and first a point on developments in the time of our work.
It is enough to discuss some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict situations.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in the aftermath of those conflicts, I would like to comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that to be credible and effective, the Council must benefit from the full trust and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has demonstrated how various partners of the international community can work to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the leadership of the Youth Employment Network
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of paragraph 2 of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign decision on freezing or seizure, or to be based on such a decision to seek to obtain its own authorities a decision on freezing or seizure.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Impact estimates: Several Parties have provided an estimate of the effects of different policies relating to the transport sector (Germany, Australia, Bulgaria, the European Community, Spain, Estonia, Italy, Norway, Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Switzerland and Switzerland).
Policies and measures with broader objectives that the only fight against climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of the world's livestock are concentrated in the reduction of the number of livestock, the reduction of livestock in the area, the reduction of livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to explore ways to reduce the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from crop practices (France and New Zealand).
The 2003 special session on the budget of UNICEF will take place on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, should be put in place before the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The present language provides terms such as real “really” or “the Internet” as if, if it is limited to the transmission and treatment of information, it is not a reality, or, in any case, it has a serious effect.
All countries that make certain economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the function is located within the enterprise or takes place between several enterprises.
Many of the measures taken in the past few years have been impossible without the progress made in the concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat would need to indicate the share of extrabudgetary funds allocated to each of the chapters under the four previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than other countries in the West African region where the rate of 5 per cent to 11 per cent is lower.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I am pleased to recall the guidance we are committed to set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, and that, among the priorities, human rights defenders, their various dimensions and their overall design, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
hegemonic ambitions impose the most small countries in the region, the limited obligation to make high military spending, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis begin to build on the basis of their allies and friends, and they looked forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not appear to be a precautionary factor for such a category of source, it is necessary to use a factor applicable to a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Revise paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever it occurs in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein to serve as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From this point of view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet attained the level of economic and social development, but also policy, to consider the issue of final status in an immediate horizon.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, however, much work remains to be done.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Corps is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the posts in the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations in accordance with a lease contract at the end of which it would become owner of the building and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review of the Security Council's activities on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Enterprises are increasingly growing to submit reports on the effects they may have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the five remaining reports, covering the whole system, will be communicated to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that has significantly changed over the past few years is the establishment of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “criminal offences against individual freedom” is punishable by six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes a serious injury to the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance of the offences set forth in article 151, and the penalty is in the case of two to six years of imprisonment.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, as far as possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose name is not included in the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not undermine investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the conflict in the Middle East, as clearly demonstrated by the presidential peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South African experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the Mission's military component was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had also been able to leave the Mission area to date, in accordance with the wishes expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources involved, about 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebels;
Table 3
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed itself to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and ecological vulnerability of the region, to consolidate democracy and good governance, to strengthen the process of decentralization, with the active participation of civil society, with the active participation of civil society, to promote respect for human rights (the permanent objective) with special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many issues of major concern to the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, in particular in the Middle East, Oceania, and especially in Africa.
In security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and a lesser extent in the west of the country were threats.
They called for the expansion of the Security Council in order to recover its legitimacy, to be more representative of the state of the global geopolitical landscape and to better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 on the request made by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until it was completed in the case of the Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up, and reaffirming its commitment to support the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to be from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee takes action against this post for the reasons outlined in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern on the rise in the age of marriage for the reunification of families was a necessary consequence of his mandate aimed at eliminating discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures were taken, such as provisions relating to childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to follow the Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as in developing countries, especially in the early century, the same types of problems, but in many different places: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict, and growing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the establishment of targeted programmes aimed at promoting the development of economic activities and sustainable enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
TO THE UNITED NATIONS TO THE CONVENTION OF THE SPTORY OF THE UNITED NATIONS TO THE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED NATIONS TO THE CONFERENCE, 18 SEPTEMBER 2003
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of requests for reports by the United Nations system to Member States, and urges the relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies, and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to prepare reports from national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the order to leave the country concerning father François Marie God.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular in the form of information systems and software tools, to improve access to information, logistics (e.g., evacuation routes) and other purposes, to understand and predict phenomena and to address problems in geographical space, and to facilitate public participation in disaster-awareness and disaster preparedness efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to make the words that, I am convinced, we are to be heard: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since last December to a number of bilateral consultations, a group or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
In view of a view, liberal policies in the face of cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also against the work undertaken by developing countries, which had resulted in considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has engaged in a number of public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students should obtain the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy of all Guyanaians, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality care, and ensuring that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on remedies for justice, including a draft law that provides for lawyers accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to be better able to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and agencies involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned are then disseminated across countries.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that he associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between bodies to enforce laws in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Control Board supervises the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons, which the State has over half of the shares or actions (articles 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also follow up on the operational, financial and personnel issues related to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who command and commit these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded with 27 States of bilateral extradition treaties, including terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on drafting legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the Agency's activities in Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the Centre.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views between staff members of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues from field offices, as well as several external experts, on how to manage the concept of the concept of regionalization at its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that are major titles is provided by the Office of the Spokesperson through press points, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Every person who trains a husband or other presures for livestock, without permission of their owners, or in the vicinity of the land in which forests supply water, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by 6 to 18 months imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5 16, 19 and 22) were higher than the budget estimates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary posts (A/58/558, para.
In the meaning of the Penal Code, “the recruitment” means that it will seek a third party to perform an act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
In Swiss law, many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the First Report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of the civilian courts in the event of acts of violence and unwanted sexual assault, as well as to facilitate the provision of marital housing, as well as violent acts, as well as violent acts, was entered into force.
This is applicable only if the person is provided to the Federal Employment Service prior to receiving maternity benefits or prior to raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been compromised.
• In addition to the growing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on the pension pension;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Government's plan of action provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in the form of the criminal statistics of the police and to conduct a representative inquiry on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in December 2001 in Yokohama, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems posed by child sexual exploitation and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- offenders - differentiated instead of”;
6.4 Judicial proceedings in relation to German German and sexual violence
The previous regulations on the right to custody and the right of visit did not provide a right to guard for non-married parents.
- Handbook for municipal equality activities in Saax, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Socus);
- The obligation for all the services of the Land and local authorities, as well as for other legal persons under the law, to work for the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Act on the Advancement of Women (SächsFFG) dated 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Alx (SächsGVBI), p. 5.
Social assistance, commitment
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “Kzept für Annie Förderung der gichichberechenten Betiligung von Frauen und Männern y Enverwicklungss”
The only solution to the Middle East crisis, which is increasingly serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as stated, in the Declaration delivered by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we consider in highlighting the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the last two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the opening statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme, administration and financial matters
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and Continuing.
These measures should allow to locate and control firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subjected to violence and recognize their fundamental rights.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambamb
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logical rationale for staff members of international organizations was also excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not be complacent and will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy for malaria control was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, issued in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or to be short-term.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to end wars and promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest greater expectations in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be said to be the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can call for external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must, with force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including recourse to judicial remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect pupils from violence, tangible damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints for complaints that are accessible to children, and to undertake thorough investigations in all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, prior to 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the system of division of responsibilities, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination as a result of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, mark and remove, withdraw or destroyed explosive remnants of war in the affected territories.
Welcoming the continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment of the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Aw
The Mission's deployment is conducted satisfactorily, a first of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being prepared in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor has been particularly interesting and valuable in order to be able to confirm the positive results and to avoid failure to respond to the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in November, and the overall framework was established and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Germany, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Morocco*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, Norway*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Romania*, Netherlands*, Romania*, Poland, Portugal*, Poland, Portugal*, Poland, Portugal*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties declare “determined to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, in particular children, hinders economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and other serious consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the entire members of the Secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It is in this context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons exist.
We call on the coalition forces to achieve this essential goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative calls for the establishment of an international fund for the country's higher education in order to provide assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We took note of the Secretary-General's call for a reform of our institutions by 2005.
The success of our work on this topic will depend, in fact, on the degree of objectivity of our approach and real action.
First, while the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries has not been reduced.
I strongly believe that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interests of none of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that this group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations from nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last meeting of you, I think that this is the first time I take the floor on your assumption of this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, on human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
The Board shall review and approve the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements by the Committee on Budget and Finance, with the comments it considers appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is inadequate.
In our view, it is important that national demining strategies be implemented to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Mine Clear Bureau, and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can be achieved through a protocol that is annexed to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of countries while helping to eradicate former mines, which, such as new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated total expenditure was approximately $10.5 billion per annum to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar definitions to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In order to address items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives to report on their activities.
Today, there is some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions set forth the need to respect human rights were important instruments but it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and establishes on 2 August 1990 the date of loss for Palestinian late Palestinian claims “C” claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women is involved in the human rights of women,
Due to their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, i.e. arbitrary, and the value of the details.
Why are both organizations engaged in technical cooperation?
The initiative took the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic challenges arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The construction and development of democracy, as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should devote to this universal Organization and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010 is more than a universal aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set forth in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need to build the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stability and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
As a result, I appointed Mr. Parker's permanent judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia on 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the term of office of Mr. David Hunt, to be held until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a benchmark for developments in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to note that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break out the stalemate in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Home of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Livehood.
Its effects go far beyond borders and that international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
The Third Committee is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into force for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, which is not exceeding $12 million to be financed from the cumulative balance in the Special Account for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur plans to submit a final report in 2004 to consider these two issues, so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on the exchange of information: creation of a e-mail centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider an exchange between small countries of industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the SOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers appropriate in this case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to ease and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with the international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, while the Internet was a unique tool to promote human rights, it was to recognize that the Internet was a unique tool to promote human rights, to recognize that, in practice, the Internet did not have a positive impact on human rights, which explains the current debate on the regulation of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
H.E. Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Princeton); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Special Affairs Officer, University of Columbia; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of Island States of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating crime related to international terrorism
In addition, it is unclear how macroeconomic and structural reforms are required in the process of poverty reduction strategies, affecting poverty and social conditions.
It is therefore continuing to consider new solutions to rapidly increase international liquidity when necessary, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para. 151).
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty is presiding over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who is assigned each year by rotation, is now the Chief of Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women are an important part of the population to which they are targeted and must design, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that school schools are better able to retain their pupils.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been tasked with national efforts against the growing threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcomed the largest number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of women surveyed stated that they did not participate in the decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husbands.
In the field of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector personnel in a wide number of countries, providing advice, demand, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's responsibility for losses associated with Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds that it is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of E2(11 report) and paragraph 89 of E2(13).
/ E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just reminded us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are genuine challenges and that we call for all, and we call for the international community, and we call on the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to reiterate my thanks to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and Other Coordination Mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 months and a half of practical education in developing countries, and an evaluation phase in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in male-dominated professions, over 45 years of age, and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same venture under an open or determined contract prior to 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age class of 25-29 years that the primary consumption of tobacco among women is the most important.
This improvement is, however, lower among women (37, 5 per cent of unemployed unemployed women) than men (55,36%).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic reality remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and that the most cruel and cruel, inhuman and cruel treatment of children everywhere.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full challenge of which I am confident that the Council will be ready to meet.
We are resolutely engaged in all efforts to uphold international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in non-right zones.
Activities planned to implement the request
- More than 150,000 homes or apartments (or a total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the Organization's accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The computerized model for analysis and evaluation of feasibility studies (COMMF);
Bearing in mind the workplan, the medium-term programme framework and strategic directions of the Organization on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives that have taken place in particular, including facilitation of trade, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the post-crisis economy,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in socio-economic conditions, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have increased the problem of the use of psycho-active substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to act as a working assumption that the topic relates to “activity” and to defer any formal modification of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace the necessary resources (before recosting): $30,500 per resource requirements (before recosting): $3364,200
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether it planned to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi government institutions, and the initial budget proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are a significant benefit to the service of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has increased from almost zero to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working in protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers for Defence and Security in September should complete the establishment of the Government of National Reconciliation and eliminate an important obstacle to the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution states that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide, we face a collective responsibility, which is a collective responsibility, to regain unity of the international community.
We have initiated consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the oil-for-food programme, which will ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be considered by my authorities, and we support the right to give our views on the programme as soon as this study is completed.
If a Party considered it necessary for assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the date, it could be recalled to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it operates by consensus,
(i) 68.0 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All discharge operations should take place on the planned locations, exclusively for authorized staff.
The financing mechanism has been established pursuant to article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to the Parties under article 5, paragraph 1, of the Protocol, to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in articles 2A to 2E and article 2 (2) or any other regulatory measure set forth in articles 2F to 2H pursuant to article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers also participated in overseas training programmes.
Some States reported that the telephone, telex and postal services are also being used.
(3) The party seeking to implement an interim measure shall promptly inform the court of any annulment, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including the court may suspend the execution procedure until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and greater role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to create such capacities — could require donor support or finance through international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where consumers are based on renting the contract, unless a competent court to hear disputes relating to the contract in question shall otherwise decide to the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is estimated that the calculations have been made on the basis of a rate of exchange of 0.99 Euro for US$ 1.9 per cent.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (October 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy for the purpose of establishing the various national and international approaches used to try State actors in common law and civil law, and examine the various national and international approaches used to try State actors who have been guilty of violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: building the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
1 November 2002
1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as a focal point for the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “Dlimate change” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework for the implementation of sound and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to that decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in implementing the framework for effective and effective implementation of the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
He also took note with appreciation of the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styrie and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish Bureau of Topography and the Swedish Agency for International Cooperation in Development.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is estimated that a large number of people infected with this virus are not aware.
The project focused on the NNKK Steering Committee and high school and secondary schools.
Recommends to consider the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Commission; a better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary for matters considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through the ability and perseverance of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of dissolution of the marriage after the use of the contract, the woman is entitled, in addition to the period of time of time, to pay a year of maintenance, depending on the means of the former-ariari, which is paid to the end of the end of the time period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties concerning the amount and modalities of payment of such compensation.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget in the years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The kindergartens are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify that these institutions comply with the applicable regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its Constitution, in many its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World Wall against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser to the development of a curriculum on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo rejects any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation to anarchy and extremism, as a means of creating change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzanev, as Chairman of the Annual Conference of States Parties to be held in 2003 and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Istiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in promoting and protecting human rights and should strengthen universal standards in this regard, which are set forth in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the event that a special debate would be decided, the theme should be in relation to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This state of affairs must not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made over the years by various thematic issues.
Contribution submitted in accordance with resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote the human rights of people of African descent.
As a result of the Alhaz in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land and development in the land of rice.
Lastly, Ms. Khan asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the periodic report.
As a result, the duty to protect lies in the world.
- The two sites through appropriate means (dreation or sepks);
Some observers reported a potential increase in demand for the United States to control Iraqi oil wells.
There is a need to provide new guidance to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by allocating the private sector an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros, which allowed to start work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (un half women), including a woman in the service.
If these conditions are met, the goals and objectives approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has aligned itself with the objectives set by the Organization in 1990 on gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened through the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, the SCO member States constantly and consistently have the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on norms and principles of international law and cannot be assimilated to a fight against any religion, some countries or nationalities.
(continued)
The CHAIRMAN drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Eignation of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the topics proposed for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have put the decision to extend its mandate.
Draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures set out in paragraph 10 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as necessary, as appropriate, in order to address the additional requirements of shipping, transport and storage, as appropriate, in order to cover the additional costs of shipping, transport and storage caused by the change of destination or the delay of shipments under its instructions, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph with a view to fulfilling the tasks assigned to it in subparagraph (d);
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group are included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the programme.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Posunities of action for strengthening the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairpersons of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote as they are representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council expressed its concern at the continuing continuing regional instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border issues, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called for normalization of relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to the Government all bills.
It was to be hoped that it would be possible for the Commission to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, since the document in 1991 following the World Summit on Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on children, held in 2002, explicitly referred to the situation of children under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory basic education for all, which significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such an incident, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to foster political dialogue if it is requested, and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges caused by the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or acquire immovable or movable property in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the period under review.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are best suited, which will necessarily involve different aspects of the right to health, and in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a person detained or detained may be assimilated to acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of their liberty under the laws and authority of the State and is held in a prison, a hospital, a psychiatric hospital in particular, a detention camp, a reorganization centre or another location.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the implementation of the Convention;
(h) To raise awareness of the importance of programmes on the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure rapid access to services related to family planning, in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and that most of the rights of children, far from outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by Heads of State and Government on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicating poverty, and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than a dollar and that people suffering from hunger,
In 2001, the Government had limited the duration of work permits to foreign workers to ensure that more Bermudians were recruited and trained for the best job.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the General Assembly, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Syergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited the Governments of the national and Caribbean countries and other Governments concerned to participate in the national meeting of the national drug trafficking focal points, in order to establish the meeting of the heads of national drug trafficking, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary steps and provide the necessary financial resources to enable the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated the measures that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and amendments made by the Conference of the Parties, this Regulations shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority to explain the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
It indicated that the organization of the Expert Group had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on the sound management of the industry, which had resulted in the exchange of best practices on the management of persistent organic pollutants, which had been held in Brazil, China and India, and other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries only monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The Special Rapporteur pointed out that the comparative studies were more complex in the study.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission comprising IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadadi, to advise the President, to discuss further the logistical arrangements and to resettle the inspectors of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The website of Agenda 21 for Sport and the Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_en.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Special Advisory Group on Burundi indicates that there is opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is what happened in Doha, where large-scale trade exchanges have refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches priority to the preservation of the humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without exception.
“The heavy internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here that the responsibility of the parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations should be borne here.
(d) With the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the amounts may be required to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period is extended beyond the biennium, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will request the proposed budget for each biennium for the period of time, in order to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not enough to prevent violations, and must also take strict measures to address the social and human problems that promote, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and those of the countries.
The Acting President: The financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Rwanda; the financing of the United Nations Mission in Somalia; financing of the United Nations Mission in Somalia; financing of the United Nations Mission in Somalia II; financing of the United Nations Mission in Somalia II; financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia; and the financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic;
Clearly, it remains vital that each of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control becomes increasingly important at the regional level and at the international level, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpile of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already already expressed their own — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of this amount of $270,000, $250,000 is planned for the request of ICAO to undertake.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is not important if the source of funds is lawful or wrongful, only as a result of the act of collection and purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any Council adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would be at least one year.
Introduction
“Terrorism” means an explosion or to trigger a fire or to commit any other act that brings people in danger of death, with the aim of undermining the public order, creating panicics among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations or to threaten such acts in the same purpose.”
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level posts.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General in order to devote the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, coupled with their firm commitment and diplomatic skill, explains the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of landlocked developing countries and to create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union's decision to create a support-support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the efforts of the African Union.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent the same violations.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in understanding that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to questions, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan specifying the activities it provides for around a strategic message selected.
In order to plan and carry out other changes without budgetary requirements, we have to review some of our priorities and propose to redeploy resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had access to some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to the preparation of its analytical work, consensus formation and technical cooperation.
These products had a low content of national value.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, since the prices of such exports had significantly declined in real terms.
Development aid strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance from trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, in this regard, participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force to develop partnerships and broaden it.
In order to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which brings together the coordinates of policymakers and ICT leaders in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to assign, within available resources, the financial and administrative resources necessary for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests it to continue to:
Documentation
Election of a representative representative to the Transitional Authority of Afghanistan following free and fair elections, in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese women's guide is published periodically, which addresses issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance problems, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Do.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations on the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in implementing their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue working closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka Government for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in case of late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Trade Companies Act (International Business Companies Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder, and, where these actions have already been issued, their reminder and replacement of actions.
These services include the direction or delivery of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, the provision of services to the international trade companies, the provision of services to the international trade companies, the provision of services to companies of registered and effective persons under the Companies Act (Exitricted Limited Companies Act) and the provision of service services and offices authorized under the Companies Act, which are issued as a simple exemption (Exper Limited Partnership Act).
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements provide for some persons in a national exclusion list.
Participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to be implemented in the case of projects executed by national entities, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of the presences and the abstract was not carried out in the rules.
The feedback was also made aware of the importance of the planning of regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their enforcement officers to use the same form of information to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities within the prescribed time frames.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The strength could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/233717)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include audited accounting results for the five preceding years; past and present judicial difficulties; identity of other principal clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to dealing with a fair approach, on a wide geographical basis as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, has been difficult to face a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental projects, training and health, and programmes in legal and legislative areas.
With regard to the payment currency, it was necessary to inform the transfer of funds from the benefits that the formal system provided to other tracks of security and speed-ups.
• Work for the fair and rapid trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met with many difficulties owing to the lack of clear human rights guidelines and the skills and skills needed to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the operation of this system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
As a result of armed conflict and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in the past few years in the past few years, which hosts the largest refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure translation, in the Somali language, of this resolution, accompanied by an appropriate information note, as well as a wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, in particular drug users drug users, to reduce the risks of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support the efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.15) Human settlements
Investigations on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves have investigated the poster and take time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to the Act No. 1015 entitled “On the prevention and suppression of Unlawful Acts in order to legitimize capital or assets”, it is envisaged to expand the scope of its application, even if article 11 (n) of the current text is “any other physical or legal person, which is usually involved in financial intermediation, trade in jewellery, precious stones and metals, art of art, anti-quantitic or/or/or mining, or/or other-related investments”.
It is important for the Commission to not disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers who raise three children or more than 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive a day of additional leave by week, paid by the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: motherhood and paternity are the direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new marriage and family codes and work was the most important way in the development of legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities are focused on promoting substantive partnerships and linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign enterprises and national enterprises.
In this regard, the Clean Production Programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase the efficiency of the staff in the PNP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects for financing to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
It is nevertheless ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It examines the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on linkages between assessments, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue shortly.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including with regard to working in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider, in their bilateral training programmes and projects for the training of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, issues related to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted initial views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and on the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat, the debate held by the Sixth Committee at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Principal resource requirements
• To ensure the comprehensive management of the decision-making process and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly skilled staff to provide a variety of skills and training opportunities, through effective management of their benefits and rights, and to establish a system to ensure that all staff members are physically, psychological and emotional in order to fulfil their tasks.
• All equipment and individuals are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Developing new modules for the Intranet
E. Organization for the Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters in French, English, Spanish and Russian, and four language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the basic principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates to a elective mandate and, where appropriate, to finance political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tendering and relevant information on the allocation of markets, sufficient time to be left to potential bidders to establish and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Satisfaction of Africa's special needs: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is shown in the box below; there is evidence how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything without weapons”, the Group of 77 was looking forward to working with its development partners to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, which the international community should provide full support if it wanted to achieve the goal of reducing poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
At the time, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation further and to ensure that our President fails to do so.
(e) To maintain and strengthen cooperation and political and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
There is also a need for the time necessary for closing arguments (e.g. they tend to be usually two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during periods of consecutive periods, for example, as follows: trial A five weeks, trial of five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. and the defence counsel in the trial A leave Arusha during the trial of B.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe is a well-defined and useful framework for the review, re-evaluation or adjustment of existing policies with regard to the support costs for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, which are supplemented by 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
He would also like to recall the need for the freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any appeal to religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, which must therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar of experts to examine the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group Group
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the institutions, initiatives and European legislation are all in the sense of inclusion, recognizing that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of all democratic developments.
As Guyana takes into account the collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is the highest importance.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships in a just and open trade, and we should also strengthen support for the development of the least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate interventions against HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where relevant States agree, the adoption of a transboundary perspective for sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the operation of the global communications project, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the reports of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information must be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian-language visitors has increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on the sub-items (a), (b), and item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The sulphur and the salt of women are among the most important chemical elements and metal deposits (fish, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose its citizenship unless it fails to do so.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, the deprivation of liberty or an impediment to liberty is permissible only according to the principles and modalities provided by the law.
The issue of Oazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring resources from supplementary funds is presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: a peaceful settlement of the territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, to facilitate, primarily through technical assistance, voluntary participation in negotiations on the delimitation of maritime borders among the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities to make contributions to those funds, mainly through technical assistance, voluntary participation in negotiations on maritime boundary delimitation among Caribbean States;
Also takes note of the Pacific Pacific Ocean Regional Policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and took note of the initiative of the United Nations system to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebel forces, were abducted or persuaded to join their ranks on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to uphold human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecsteen in Buywerve therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the question for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property mentioned in note 11 to the financial statements was the ownership of the organization as at 31 December 2002, but no charge is required.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without which it was previously used by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteurs and the joint mission with the necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
In spite of the improvement in the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse based on the 1980s, indigenous peoples were facing the Bank to do so in the implementation and respect of their own policies, which were often interpreted as a proparade.
CFTF secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost every country has a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, with the overwhelming majority of OECD members.
Resolution
In that connection, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly stated that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as justification for refusing requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
Documents of technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To comment on the future direction of the Partnership and the programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the requirements of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, in accordance with the request contained in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 (Arabian francs), and the additional requirements for furniture and equipment to replace non-post equipment, as well as to purchase the equipment and equipment required for new staff members, are included in the annex to the present report.
This is the “ multifaceted” services for which the principles of definition and excception are also important for most environmental goods.
In designing, they respond to a specific intent and aim for ecological purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station even if the technology used is deeply modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66, paragraph 2, and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer.
Several recommendations made at the meeting concerned the possible actions to be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in the costs and overexpenditures resulting from the review of the approved adjustment rates as of 1 November 2002 is due to the approval of an award for staff holding a higher level and a reduction in the number of staff appointed at lower levels than those authorized, as well as an increase in the cost of termination of the Mission as a result of the downsizing of the Mission.
(a) A new preambular paragraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of the methodology used to identify key sources of the CRF's main sources on the level of detail tables 7A1 to 7A.3 of the IPCC good practice guidance
Annex I Parties should meet all cases related to the estimates of emissions or removals, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries in the world's population.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves not to impede judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of common law is the rule of the public mandate, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as ours to assume the heavy burden of continuing meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which there are important measures to revitalize the General Assembly, which is based on the draft resolution just adopted.
Procedures differ because needs are not all the same.
These warnings have been accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or diminish the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, to be part of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who exercise their functions during the duration of a nine-year term, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that have been found to overlap four “E4” claims indicate new or more significant losses, as reported by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, such institutions should increase their support for the development of necessary infrastructure, including in the ICT sector.
The development of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and resource increases, as well as increasing the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary crossing of the border was opened between Limelica in Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the Government of the Serbian Government not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo registration plates and their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK to register their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is a first step in guiding the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and the ECLAC website on the regional response to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in June 2003 in the context of the Fourth United Nations Regional Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war allowance” of approximately 5 per barrel in the last few months of 2002 and exceeded 31 per barrel in January 2003.
They should first be able to make a significant structural adjustment by accession to UEM in order to bring together the baseline levels defined for budgetary deficits; given their departure position, they may therefore apply to a rigid fiscal policy, which would have a negative impact on economic growth.
A.A.A.A.A.
Under article 5 of the Act on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and any part of this prerogative cannot be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroe Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the costs of the operation of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as different types of local integration projects.
The Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to use collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and have negative impacts on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and advocacy, leading to new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Cooperation between ACP and European Union: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Council in March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141,14-146, 148 and 150
The Committee is also continuing its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and the human rights mechanisms that it supports, including through the adoption of a strategy-based approach to gender mainstreaming in 2002.
Jadad, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations on grants grants
In accordance with the provisions of the consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, that the latter approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations with consultative status should submit to all four years a report on their activities, including the support they have provided to the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP initiated a series of activities within the framework of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing its activities, enhancing the focus and effectiveness of its activities.
Focal points for women were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs strengthened their capacity to implement national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs accounted for a characteristic of the economy economy, and often the major firms in developing countries were in fact small businesses worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on an assessment of social impact and impact on the development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important since African countries continued parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work undertaken to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Indonesian Government continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Decisions by Governments
Title
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular nuclear-weapon States, to actively work in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international instrument legally binding;
The provisions of operative paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to chapters 8 (Legal affairs) and 2 (General Assembly affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning, it is intended to attempt to conceal the fact that a human life is created for destruction in order to produce embryonic cells or other experiments.
There is some discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will continue, no opinion must be imposed on all others.
The development of the transport infrastructure and information and communication technology, including the elimination of the “fisserous link”, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month to introduce the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations system-wide action plan for combating drug abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in this regard, and urges the international community, under the leadership of relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic surveillance stations, Lacd-Bonnet (P88) and Shillerville (PS10) were formally registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; construction of a radionuclides checkpoint (RN16) in Yellownie was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general monitoring and transparency post that has characterized recent appointments to senior management positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution under which paragraph 6 (g) of the operative paragraph would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, the measures taken by a government may often have a negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (for example, in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Under article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or update their criminal intentions will be granted by forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could constitute a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, who is willing to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are undeniably free.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first country cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will establish procedures for establishing national development priorities on 10 years, focusing primarily on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In the Ministry, a State Secretariat has been tasked with the promotion of women and women's participation in development, demonstrating the Government's commitment to pay specific attention to women's issues: the Congo, all the Secretariat's Secretariat Secretariat, participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia commended the group of the Quadrilustral and other countries for the initiatives of LDCs in the area of market access, which was to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the programme sectors.
It is expected, however, that the Organization concluded the year on a positive cash balance (estimated to $444 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to be in line with the estimates.
Bamy
Maintenance
We have provided food, tents, materials, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the subregion of East Asia.
In the context of their daily activities, women are the main protection of forest species and therefore depend on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up activities on combating terrorism.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been inadvertently included in the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to advance this process in the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion to establish a balance between the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the concept of “ordinary courts”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will be seized annually of a comprehensive study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be regarded as a moral and economic point.
The Emergency Action Programme launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia will achieve the objectives set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national action backed by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that all parents are the best suited to do so, the responsibility to guide children, raise awareness of the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, civicism, compassion and service to others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations around the world;
In most of the Middle East countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules on reporting cannot only be effective.
The East Timorese Government is currently considering projects aimed at effectively improving the capacity of East Timor's police in both areas, in addition to its ability to address civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to inform them if they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the contact of the focal point to that effect.
The Constitution of the Criminal Republic of Colombia is in a position to measure the conduct described in this article, but the penalties are to be radically revised.
Indeed, in urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is accompanied by extreme poverty and work, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Panel currently comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the issue without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address them.
They supported the military activities of the United States on their territory, because they did not forget their own history; they knew how the vulnerability was the vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 with respect to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good opportunities for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
General
The summary table IV indicates the proposed changes in the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V provides a comparison between the total number of posts in each administrative unit for the current biennium and for the next biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by Central American countries on the path to peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance in September 2002 of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and address issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The great efforts to rebuild the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
6, 11, 14, 15, 23 and 25 (a); 3, 3, 7, 8, 23, 27, 18, 3, 21, 23, 23, 14, and 24 April; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 2, 7, 8, 10, 14, 22, 2, 8, 12, 14, 14, 22, 8, 9, 12, 14, 19, 19, 8, 12, 12, 14, 19, 20 and 21 April; 5, 9, 12, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 12, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 11, 13, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 11, 13, 19 and 24 to 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, in particular with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully dedicated to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the gold can go hand in hand to ensure transparency and mutual confidence.
In that sense, the experience of the developed democracies is very valuable.
Without the failure of those persons, I would like to take this opportunity to read in the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can talk about victory when these attacks will no longer take place, because they are the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 persons affiliated to organizations considered terrorist because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational entities that have been accredited and designated provisionally by the Council.
It is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks that they have been entrusted.
Procedures of procedure and procedures for implementation
Statistical Survey, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to reiterate the names of the two countries among Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate, Japan and Pakistan.
Economic and political achievements determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a rational and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the ability of Governments to regulate, including in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were the greatest importance for the economies of the Group.
FDI could play a key role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
For the most part, his delegation endorsed all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
It was noted, in particular, that this sector, which is outside the State's control and taxation mechanisms, was a major place in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
C. Non-governmental organizations
The joint programme would enable Member States to address more comprehensively the perspectives and risks of a global society and would serve as the basis for the basic proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
In detail, the General Assembly's high-level dialogue on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new leaders were used to guide this guide and, although other stations did not follow their example, standardization of the pronunciation was still possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce their military spending, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to increase the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 to 3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area, taking into account the various challenges and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes it is important that the international community be given priority to achieving this goal within the framework of the United Nations, in order to achieve a decisive step towards peace in that region.
It is also important to note that the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement regarding the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
In accordance with the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), Member States are required to freeze, directly or indirectly, their respective agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in their territory are unable to make such funds, assets or resources directly or indirectly to the provision of the above individuals or entities.
Almost all federal law enforcement authorities have contributed to this work by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Offences Control Network (financial Crimes Network - FinCEN)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of financing and expenditures of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they were not allowed to serve as an ombudsman, and to take a comprehensive political settlement, including the immediate and fair access of the international humanitarian law, including immediate and unimpeded access to humanitarian organizations, including immediate and unimpeded access to humanitarian organizations, and the provision of food and medicine; full respect for human rights, including the end of recruitment of child soldiers; and the investigation of human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in general and the provisions of the various conventions on responsibility and relations were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on scientific science and research projects carried out by international organizations or under the auspices of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea; and (3) responses to the revised IMO questionnaire on State practices in science science and research, and transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a follow-up to this Conference and the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international community's concerns.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot carry out this programme of internal and external isolation to fight poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization led some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “un” procedure.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in school, taking into account potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our WHO partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as the optimal solution to protecting children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the continuing efforts to achieve bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Spain (2), Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform the judge about its personal and fiduciary interests and will make every effort possible to be informed about the financial interests of members of the family.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technical support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacities; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in the support of research in the areas covered;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su commended the session at the first substantive stage of the process leading to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, within the Council to the United Nations, has been enriching.
We very much appreciate the determination and conviction that you are defending your country's positions in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Introduction
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and should be completed in 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing through the provision of more efficient debt-servicing procedures and the lack of inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of the 3.3 million people are threatened by famine.
I cannot understand why it is difficult to accept that statement.
Article 2.8
Article 4.5 is established as a cash-flow fund to enable the Organization to intervene quickly during the start of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping expenses.
These agreements include, inter alia, the services that the Organization must provide for full reimbursement of the costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide goods or to assign to a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, a government, a public body or another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.22/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
It is not possible to impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteering, at the time appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with families of victims of the massacres of May 2002 and victims of sexual violations, and also visited the prison and cachots.
The cost of the construction of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, and to take vulnerable groups in the light of their origin and socio-economic situation, which is particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and those who call for land belonging to their own lands, and that they call for land belonging to their own lands, and that they are taking root against the adverse consequences of globalization policies.
Why is it?
My fifth proposal is general: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of those conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States obtain accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the countries of the region in full implementation of the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role that it is expected to respond to the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returned to Iraq, can work and transport all freedom, which has been recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all its programmes and policies, including in a coherent manner in 1997, and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, one of the two topics of its discussion on coordination issues in the review and appraisal of the implementation of these agreed conclusions;
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not adequately implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque can give the Commission is not to leave this issue in a political debate.
Strengthening of the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights by promoting international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through enhanced efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreement between the People's Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the Committee's offices and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the prospect of working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the more effective and coherent realization of the three objectives of the Convention and achieving a significant slowdown in the current pace of impoverishment of biodiversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biodiversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to reflect the liabilities and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two “staff” cases were in one and other cases replaced by the word “institution” and the phrase “to encourage the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the words “to encourage the Secretary-General and executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the continuing problems,
The General Assembly decides to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of the report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of countries in Central Asia on the illicit trafficking in small arms and light weapons during which a discussion was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for Congress to reverse its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the financing and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must move and that there is no prospect of reconciliation, nor to achieve a multi-ethnic society envisaged under Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we call for all of us.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a body to deal with emergency situations in the civil sphere.
For that reason, the responsibility of Israel to end these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent the tension and instability in the region must be put in place.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this Organization, there will always be zero tolerance against those calling for intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint made by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that its sole concern was to ensure that this NGO did not have its status to the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that led to the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50) were held.
The links between areas, the balance to be sought, the order to maintain, the costs and benefits such as they were highly complex.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Finance for Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to analysis also has the right to know that the information is collected, what is, for purposes where it is stored and can access.
The criteria for the issuance of the Convention on the European patent are: (i) new; (ii) inadvenance; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road markings of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Plars and Duties, Donograms and Broadcasting Agencies, 26 October 1961.
(h) To maintain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50 per cent).
Women and men also enjoy equal rights with respect to citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often used to use natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the allocation reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other necessities for children, and is aimed at preventing school abandonment, a phenomenon that has occurred in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the Common Services Programme of the United Nations Development Group, providing donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — in particular the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative who submits a point of order may, in his statement, address the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) It would be recalled that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation identified the Commission to serve as a focal point for the discussion on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of the intergovernmental commitments in Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United States of America
We look forward to your proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on trade activities in the extractive industries in Liberia for the backdrop of past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the view, model 3, as it departs less than the two other parts of the current system, would be used to be used in a frequent manner by several organizations.
Conditions of service for Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amount of mobility and hardship allowance will remain unchanged.
(e) Study on class equivalencies between the United Nations public service and the United States Federal Administration.
It then noted that each loan was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening efforts to prevent at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 enterprise leaders were present at its formal launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a very developed international network with more than 1,000 businesses worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, and academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Settlement arrangements (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has generated a climate of close dialogue and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary that will accompany the report.
Following those deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the Committee's working methods and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session, held in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which would serve as the basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples as part of the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
• The International Federation of the World's Indigenous People
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat of the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and provide measures to mitigate this threat to high priority.
These successes have demanded long-term investments in economic development, with technical assistance support.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations referred to the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by the General Assembly of the Charity of the Charity of the Charity of Barga, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNOSO and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauuro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines,oby-traps and Other Devalities, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996, annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects).
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of results and that it is aimed at establishing timetables for outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is a need for three additional posts to maintain military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with basic indigenous organizations, to recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account issues of interest at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including the cystles and military barracks, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their use exclusively by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on History, Arts and Islamic Culture, Istanbul, to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of Muslim communities of non-OIC States.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work to enable developing States to benefit from communication technology to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONDAMY any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Islamic Conference, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity among member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin the substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States in the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on foreign debt of African States and other OIC member States
WERICE the IDB for organizing 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop entitled “Private sector investment and the role of the IDB in member States” in collaboration with the relevant institutions of the OIC and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
PENDE NOTE with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure in the conservation and restoration of mancripts, to grant scholarships to the Institute, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for the Fight against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system to our mission and to our report, subregional problems are enormous and we have been listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a possible conflict if the necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may present a number of disadvantage, as they require highly skilled and experienced personnel and have a growing risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL requested “servations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the establishment of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and declared the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of individuals and entities on the consolidated list and asked to prohibit the clearance of imported goods or exports from those individuals or entities and to confiscate them if they are located in the Territory, and to communicate to the Customs Directorate any information concerning them.
Invites States to review and reform any legislation and practices in order to bring to 18 years the minimum age of marriage, with or without consent of parents, both for girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Special Rapporteur all the information gathered from all relevant sources of information, including compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism in the exercise of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and the procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in the services offered.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change because it allows everyone to acquire new values and to change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of inadmissibility of discrimination and declares that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, which everyone may enjoy all rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration without distinction, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those providing assistance, within the framework of broader capacity-building programmes, to counter terrorism; to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and focused manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
In the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their life is in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that result in undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
Unless I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees to this suggestion.
The General Assembly must proceed with the election of eleven permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets, however, that countries that have not yet adopted it in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported broad scope.
As provided for in the previous instalments, the Panel considered the claims of second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the claims and other evidence, by the balance of the interests of claimants who had been forced to flee a war area and Iraq, which is responsible for loss and loss resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our State is on the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority educate hatred, glorification and provide moral and social certainty, the massacres.
If we are in the table, each will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel is putting an end to the occupation of our territory, which continues to send settlers, which continues to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made in the clean development mechanism and take appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board, the preamble and the following paragraphs.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Federal Government of Pinoel had attempted to improve the provision of local services, which resulted in a number of reforms, including in the area of income-sharing.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had been the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “The dispute on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Children and young people”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant must be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continuing development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document had been raised.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, the expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
As a result, there is no need to speak as a matter of exception when the right of peoples to fight weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society in general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is regulated by the process of the Convention.
d Announcement of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities of November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of voluntary contributions available for the twenty-second session of the Board was only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the action is aimed at termination or termination of the contract of an employee and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the Head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State of the employer, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress, Milan.
That this process is recognized and designated as appropriate (both in transition or knowledge society) or, without any development, any regulations that strengthen knowledge acquisition systems, generate a human potential, enable it to better enhance and guide social, economic and political life, bringing together a society of this new phase of development.
Mary Ann has informed him of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the indicator be included by the Friends of the Presidency.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in respect of regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any agreement or regional organization should indicate in writing the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how best to provide the necessary leadership to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at the levels of government and the public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Basic economic laws are under review, including investment and registration laws and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent developments in the recent period of the events in 2002 and early this year.
The fourth point is the fact that the East Timorese Government has succeeded in generating $4.1.1 million, of which $26.7 million is income from the Bank of Timor-Leste during the current year, shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier performing.
Additional statements and contributions concerning the elaboration of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increases in the years.
One of them would have been executed at the primary entrance to the university, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a result of a successful demonstration by students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in the context of the controversy on the issue of the agent in Enenen XV and the podium of coal, which has been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the objective of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Committee as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past, in the form of the proposed texts, in the hope of moving from this political deadlock.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
In favour of peace, we will be able to achieve if we are genuinely seeking to achieve, demonstrate a commitment and political will.
I would like to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will be a time when there is no change in political attitudes, because there is no new will to cooperate in the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council will be compelled to shoulder its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
From this perspective, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council vis-à-vis the Baghdad regime remain the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and is also the key to finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
entities operating with financial entities;
As we indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions with the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build the day ahead, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Officers
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia still attract a large public and one third should soon be opened, both in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of engaging in the world is very limited.
In the framework of these principles, the Government of Croatia has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting growth in employment and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure that education and science play a central role in advancing social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to enjoy full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should be widely supported by the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and norms relating to disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those resulting from resolutions of United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union affirmed that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination for persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the divisions of the secretariat have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent attributed to the budgets for administrative costs should be assigned to the Chief of the project.
The disruption in the provision of drugs, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those destined for emergency services, therapy and surgical services and other services for adults and children — has resulted in the fact that the conditions in which medical personnel provide care are extremely difficult.
Is this policy a meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution on respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2004]
Employment has slowly progressed and unemployment rate remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/French] [21 May 2004]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and consequent shortages have resulted in severe impacts on urban transport, increasing production costs and damaging the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
To verify the applicant's transfer of transfers in the bank and to transfer a higher amount of US$ 10,000 or equivalent to another price.
Article 35, paragraph 1, of the Rules provides that:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms should be established, which would be possible to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
