It also requested the Social Forum to submit a separate report to the Sub-Commission, comprehensive, detailed and detailed, including the draft resolution.
For example, a growing number of children who arrived in Ireland, for example, has reached a informal agreement on all parties involved in the asylum-seekers of the child.
In order to identify the needs of unaccompanied and separated schools, UNHCR provided financial assistance to the Women's Women's Committee on the Protection of Women and Children's Rights on the basis of a comprehensive and strengthened study on the capacity of women and children affected by armed conflict.
At least, it should be useful to explore ways to expand our training programmes through financial programmes.
The main risk groups of Estonia include drug addiction.
The other 14 knowledge associations have reportedly been arrested and forced to accept the reasons for arrest.
The Working Group expresses its appreciation to the Government for the timely submission of the information required.
As a result of the final preliminary comments, the opposition group would like to reiterate that several delegations, in the course of the six-month session of the Committee, would be the subject of a single and/or a collective list of terrorist organizations, as well as the activities of the United Nations bodies in the United Nations system.
Case relating to the United Nations Sales Convention
Responsible responsible: Director-General of the European Regional Office
The senior management of participating organizations is currently being reviewed.
The Working Group discussed a number of relevant amendments to the rules of procedure and judicial practices, which aims to increase efficiency of the Tribunal's proceedings.
Since Indonesia has served as President of the Conference, I would like to make a brief presentation of the document entitled “The political statement on the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery”.
Programme of activities of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People.
The Netherlands fully subscribes to the statement made by the President of the European Union of the European Union, as well as the statement of the Netherlands.
I would like to take this opportunity to take this opportunity to express our deep condolences and sympathy to all delegations of the Conference on Disarmament on the lives of those who are so far.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap.
The implementation of unilateral sanctions is also prohibited.
However, these initiatives are not sufficient to deter armed gangs, and they will be able to operate after the country forces.
The text of this draft article was revised, as the first reading of the draft text of the draft draft convention was submitted by the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the basis of a second reading of the draft convention under the draft convention.
Developing countries expressed concern about the lack of progress on the specific and differential issues of important commercial significance.
Japan had signed the first trade agreement in Singapore in 2002 and is currently working on other similar arrangements.
The pace of Christianity is very rapid.
The Law of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court reported that each 16 accused had been sentenced to cannabis in the light of the fact that the two of the six accused had been subjected to cannabis, and one of the six accused of the six accused had been convicted in private fraud.
The General Assembly,
The Chairman of the Committee made a statement.
The right to be included in the Isle of law, including article 14 of the Convention, is the right of the right to discrimination in the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth in the Covenant.
Article 11 Employment
It is essential to provide support to international cooperation through international cooperation.
Outputs
(iii) Booklets, briefings, wallcharts, information kits: “The United Nations Children's Organization (UNICEF) on specific trade issues related to the current and future negotiations (United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) (see only English (English only)
The mandate of the International Security Assistance Force and the previous report remains unchanged.
Staff members appointed in accordance with the Rules shall not be entitled to leave the goods.
arbitrator-making
The Working Group also noted that some unilateral acts of unilateral acts did not have a obligation, but only noting the obligation or the recognition of those reasons, and the Working Group decided to support a broad definition.
With regard to political developments, we note the recent agreement reached by the Executive Committee and the Provisional Authority of the League of Governors on political processes.
For example, the Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation (http://www.imf.org/external/issues/press/D/D/D/D/D/index.htm).
The meeting also considered the Investment Investment Board.
They also provide advice and guidance to Palestinian refugees for the Palestinian refugees, which are appropriate to assist them.
In fact, the recommendations of resolution 51/241, including those recommendations.
In paragraphs 13 (b) and 35 above, the Board recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
The case in the pre-trial phase is closely monitored to ensure that it is necessary to approve the necessary and reasonable work of the pre-trial phase.
Transition
Another view was expressed that the legal law of the law should be applied in all circumstances.
Respect for the views of the child
The representative of Ethiopia said that the Security Council, the Secretary-General and other States of the international community called for dialogue on the demarcation of the demarcation.
The recommendations included in the note include other measures aimed at improving the work of the General Assembly in the light of other measures contained in the General Assembly's agenda.
The history of the history is to us today, and any one of the country can not be bound.
UNIDO cannot not provide action to other organizations or private industries.
With regard to Uganda, he referred to a large part of the war against children in other children.
Election of members of the Executive Board of the World Food Programme
The Economic and Social Council will elect a six-year term from 1 January to 1 January 2004, from a three-year term beginning from 1 January 2004 to fill the vacancy of the following members: Denmark, India, Italy, Pakistan, Russian Federation and Sierra Leone.
In principle, there should be no objections to this issue and the WTO has agreed to follow the decisions on the United Nations.
Forthcoming other meetings
• The new staff of the new staff and to distribute relevant laws and guidelines;
• A series of actions, including administrative data, have decreased over 40 per cent in the past seven years, including administrative data;
Bearing in mind that the purposes of the United Nations, including the development of a friendly relationship between the peoples and the principle of equality and the principle of self-determination, and to take other appropriate measures to enhance international cooperation in the international context of the international trade, social, cultural or humanitarian nature of the international community, and to promote international terrorism, in particular, gender, language or religion, to promote and encourage respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms of all mankind,
The State party's report at the session of the Committee may provide additional information before the Committee's consideration of the report, but that such information must be communicated to the Secretary-General at a time of four months before the opening of the report of the State party.
They have experienced a group of Yagm.
The Register system shall have before it the necessary system and procedures to exclude any problems and to minimize the separation or suspension of the operation.
Mandate: liquidation of the Mission
Investigations paid to retirees
The objective of risk management framework is to strengthen accountability and report on monitoring activities.
The number of women and their delegations made a wide range of issues.
6.2.2 The National Party of Employment has a gender-based system, which applies to the number of candidates and the heads of women and their leadership.
In any particular person, only one employee is eligible for care leave.
Further information
Accordingly, specific comments and recommendations on the adaptation of electronic procurement in the UNCITRAL Model Law on Procurement is therefore available.
Agenda item 126 and 128
In the context of this report, the Committee is also concerned about the need for appropriate explanations of changes in the implementation of the budget performance and the proposed budget estimates.
The difficulties related to the ongoing democratization process are not limited to a country or specific group; how it is not to be done to do so, if it is not possible to make the people to participate in the management of public affairs.
In response to environmental problems, the Marshall Islands is particularly concerned about the situation of the world and seas.
Supports the efforts of the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy to seek to seek a political solution to the dispute between Western Sahara, which would provide a self-determination of the people of Western Sahara;
Authorizes the Secretary-General to carry out an amount of 38,033,200 for the purpose of providing financial resources for the provision of basic facilities;
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures:
The Heads of State and Government of States expressed deep concern about the prevalence of trafficking in women in all its countries and to ensure that concerted measures are taken to address the problem.
At the municipal level, UNIFEM's work has been supported by other advocacy advocates, which enabled the municipal parliament to adopt legislation, which would allow a woman to grant a woman's woman (in thousands of people who are a war) to pay their property taxes.
In the planning of UNCTAD XI, the impact of these changes in the areas of the Organization's mandate must be clearly affected.
A/58/59.27* Reissued for technical reasons [A C E F R S]
Recalling its resolution 56/16 of 19 December 2001, and recalling the Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/47 of 23 April 2002 and the Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/30 of 22 July 2003 entitled “United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Standards and Guidelines”,
1.1 The author is a non-discrimination and advisory centre for racial discrimination, which was headed by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Centre of the Centre, claiming the author of Denmark in violation of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), of the Covenant, article 4 and 6.
Agenda item 113: Programme planning
Romania uses space communications, Earth observation data and global navigation networks, including the earthquake risk assessment, disaster observation and global navigation networks, including the earthquake risk assessment, disaster management, rapid medicine, and the use of radar interference in the marine coast of the Black Sea.
There is currently a need for a new momentum for the strong commitment of the international community.
Israel calls upon the Palestinian leadership authorities to take concerted action on the basis of international obligations, the Security Council and its own agreement, with concerted action to disarm armed acts of terrorist groups in the territory of its territory and to remove their legitimate status.
In the context of inter-agency relations, in particular cooperation between the specialized agencies in Geneva and the specialized agencies in Geneva, in particular with regard to common services, the use of resources is continuing.
(b) One representative from Latin American or Caribbean States;
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to establish a study on the implementation and contribution of the objectives of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, including the Millennium Declaration, in order to promote and promote South-South cooperation in order to promote and promote South-South cooperation, in particular the impact of the proposed value and impact of the International Decade for South-South Cooperation and the impact of the United Nations South-South cooperation in South-South cooperation, in addition to the impact and recommendations of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session (resolution 57/263).
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 53/199), A/58/179.
However, the current reporting review of the events last year will have a breakthrough on us and reflect the unprecedented challenges of the United Nations history.
It has a complete change of the normal division of the programme of programme 1 and its expansion would be a complete prohibition of the right of the owner to conduct a party to a party.
The delegation will convey many information, especially in the Congolese factions, to immediately end military operations immediately.
The Working Group therefore needs to be more closely in the recommendations of the recommendations so that these recommendations are more effective and operational in the United Nations system, in particular the Security Council.
The Council will soon send two delegations to Central Africa and West Africa in order to discuss the difficulties of the current peace process in the field and to discuss the challenges of peace in the Middle East region, as well as the political and military actors, as well as the discussions on political and military actors.
See footnote 50 above.
Moreover, in the discussion of issues relating to the damage to the damage to be identified, the Working Group submitted a proposal for the adoption of paragraph 26 of document A/CN.9/526, which had been adopted in square brackets, in the context of paragraph 6.1 (i) of the square brackets.
The view was expressed that, in accordance with the comments made in the comments made, it would be added that article 11 (a) (iv) (i)).
Article 28
Note by the Secretary-General
Has your country found the names of the listed individuals at their borders and in transit?
I hope that efforts to combat the spread of the world in the world will inspire and further promote our work.
Let us advocate a just and just world, and every men and women have the right to play in development.
Mr. Al-Hamad de Silva (International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies) (spoke in Spanish): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
The Division, in its financial capacity, requested the Director-General to ensure adequate financial resources for project projects to implement technical cooperation in Africa.
Funding mobilization is a major prerequisite for the implementation of integrated programmes and international services.
The confiscation of land is not planted by mines, which is a military zone or training.
The purchase and sale of goods must be addressed in the amount of basic business knowledge to address different types of goods and sales agreements, logistics arrangements, property transfer, packaging, customs, credit, credit, credit, credit, credit and other financial documents, guarantees and insurance.
The text is annexed to the present bulletin.
a One of the Chairman of the Panel, from the President of the Joint Appeals Board;
• Regular patrols of port port port and aircraft areas, and the use of employees and their use.
The “base” organization may have been established in Pakistan, Indonesia, Kashmir, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines, as well as the establishment of logistical and financial support to the grass-roots segment.
The role of financial institutions in combating terrorism
The complaint
3.3 The complainant claims that all domestic remedies have been exhausted and the complaint has not been submitted to any other international investigation or settlement procedure.
According to the complainant, it is very closely that the two organizations are extremely closely closely.
The arrest warrants is based on the allegations of the original arrest and prosecution of the complaint and the case of Mr. R.C.
Most of the prisons have been able to achieve international standards and, in addition, the International Committee of the Red Cross has granted access to and access to the prison facilities, including the facilities of the General Directorate of Intelligence, which are not restricted.
Notes
The time for dealing with time (i) to the end of the final draft report (FCCC/SBI/2009/INF.1): the first time for the first day (FCCC/SBI/2009/INF.1): the highest day of 27 days (Agenda item 22).
It is also reviewed that the progress needed to be undertaken in the formulation of indicators and the ongoing work of the inter-agency expert group had been identified and suggested that the content of the work of the inter-agency expert group would be in adepth manner.
Notes:
Although the results of the analysis was consistent with the declaration of the removal of carbon tetrachloride in the location, the study cannot not be able to provide evidence from the destruction of some carbons.
Algeria* (2003), Benin* (2003), Burkina Faso (2006), Ethiopia (2004), Ethiopia (2004), Ghana (2004), Kenya (2004), Kenya (2003), Mauritania (2003), Mauritania (2004), Mauritania (2006), Mauritania (2003), Senegal (2006), Sierra Leone (2006), Uganda (2006), Uganda (2003), United Republic of Tanzania (2004).
The Advisory Committee was informed that, since the establishment of UNMEE, the establishment of a total of 255,500 dollars had been assessed by Member States under the Mission's mandate.
Mr. George W.
The Advisory Committee notes the Secretary-General's note that the results of the review will be provided in the report (see also para.
The amount of income for staff assessment in the amount of expenditure for the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated at $38,701,500.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on 24 February 2003 and the report of the Secretary-General on children and armed conflict on 26 November 2002 (S/2002/129),
Furthermore, it was agreed that the commercial delegation of the eastern part of the Organization of the Whole will be sent to Kinshasa in the coming weeks in the coming weeks, in the areas of Kisangani, Goma and Bukavu.
Scope of legal protection under the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel (resolution 57/28 of 19 November 2002).
United Nations Development Programme
The Commission approved the draft resolution as amended, as amended, for adoption by the Economic and Social Council.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/79 of 12 December 2001, the Commission organized seminars and symposiums on many developing countries in many developing countries and aimed at assisting those countries through implementation and implementation of the UNCITRAL Legislative Committee.
The author has appealed to the Constitutional Court on 28 February 1995 to appeal the Constitutional Court, since the outcome of the first appeal was a matter of complacency.
4.4 With regard to the question of the death of the Criminal Court, counsel explained that the author did not have a criminal record and that the judges should have a minimum penalty.
On 14 March 1991, in accordance with the Regulations and Treatment Ordinance of the offender, the author was renamed the author as “the intention of the intent to destroy freedom of liberty and democracy”, but it was denied that the offence had not yet been modified in the absence of such crimes.”
7.7 The author considers that, even if the State party has indicated, the conduct of the death of the death of the Satha is not part of a significant scope of operation, and the State party is also responsible for the conduct of acts of conduct, as such acts would undoubtedly be taken by military personnel.
In the case of the crimes committed by the war and the murder of homicide, it would inevitably necessarily be the most severe penalties for the murder of the homicide penalty, the death penalty (para.
The State party took note of the decision of the High Court for the removal of a residence permit in Sri Lanka, taking note of the fact that Mr. Rajaj's access to a “fraud and false” of “ fraud and false” was used at the time when he had been able to enter into their residence.
At the same time, the author was dissolved by the police of the police in 1992, but the decision had been withdrawn after the decision of the High Court of Human Rights on 18 August 1993.
The Special Committee of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, in accordance with a written document, has no oral hearings.
5.3 With regard to the reservations of the State party to article 10 of the Convention, the author argues that the reservation of reservations to the Convention on the Rights of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is not mentioned in the annex to the present report of the Committee on Human Rights and the Equal Opportunities of Equal Opportunities in 1986 and that the reservation is “reasonable”.
The State party stresses that these cases relate to the balance between the legitimate private interests of Sami people and the right to protect their property.
Decides to adopt the State party's legislation, as indicated by the State party, the remedy of remedies under the legislation of the State party.
The ad litem judges of the Commission expressed the words “to cannot not be done to exercise the right to self-determination”.
During the past few months, the coalition forces in the region, as well as the armed forces of Afghanistan, have repeatedly been attacked by armed groups and armed groups.
During the last half of the last century, Governments had sustained growth in policies and programmes affecting fertility, and some 90 per cent of countries have provided direct support to family planning programmes and contraceptives.
In the light of the severe ecological and economic impact caused by the Ministry of Culture and Social and Social Issues of the Uürái, the University of California, in the light of the severe pressure of the sea, it was also seen that the destruction of the guerrilla group and the “pruation of the campaign”.
Welcomes the increase in the draft Code of Criminal Procedure, the draft Law on the Law of Criminal Procedure and the provision of the salaries and subsidies of judges and prosecutors, and urges the Government of the Government to provide training for judges and lawyers in the training of judges and prosecutors in the training and vocational training centres of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Cambodia and the Kingdom of Cambodia;
Special attention to the social, social and labour rehabilitation of persons with disabilities and the social integration of such personnel.
In accordance with article 165 of the Penal Code, the illegal use of a criminal offence is a criminal offence, which is a criminal offence in the form of a criminal offence, or in the form of such works, or to the extent of the public, literary, artistic or other works of the person, or to a person or to commit a person with a view to receiving a person.
Learning for four years.
It would be recalled that, in July 2001, the United Nations convened the Conference on the Illicit Trade of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, in which it decided to implement the action of action on prevention, combating and eradicating the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects.
Article 15 of Regulation No. 47/2003 provides that the Government of Iceland would like to emphasize that the definition of discrimination in the Convention has become part of the law of Iceland, which has become part of Iceland's legislation, and indirect discrimination is based on the provisions of the European Commission's claim No. 97/80/EC of the European Commission on Gender Discrimination.
Subparagraph (h)
Mr. Al-Hoto (Germany): I would like to make a statement on the draft decision entitled “Transparency of all aspects, including the role of the United Nations in the field of verification”, contained in document A/C.1/58/L.488.
The sponsors of the draft resolution are contained in document A/C.1/58/L.21 and A/C.1/58/INF/2.
As indicated in the report of the Commission in its report, Chile had continued to slow slowly in 2002 but the national authorities considered the expected growth.
In the case of the concession power or indirect interest, it is necessary to include the estimated cost of the estimated costs.”
At present, the Confederation of Trade Unions and Trade Unions, through a common agreement with employers, signed effective collective agreements, which is currently part of the Labour Code.
On the other hand, the increase in the increase in investment and the increase in the increase in the salaries of medical medical services has increased significantly.
A selection process will then be prepared, i.e. the case of academic skills, which has been used for students in different disciplines, with a view to providing the applicant to participate in the selection of the applicant.
Article 1 of the Act of Decree No. 3, No.
See annex 1.
As a result of the peace and security of the North-East Asia and the international non-proliferation, it will never tolerate the North Korea's development, procurement or possession, testing or transfer of nuclear weapons.
The Swiss Competition Authority is not entitled to provide confidential information to a foreign civil case.
Agreement between African, Caribbean and Pacific States and its partners with the European Community and its member States, adopted in Cotonou, Benin, on 23 June 2000.
Rule 9
On 22 April, the Ad Hoc Committee of the African Union Commission met with the Prime Minister of the Frente Polisario in Tindouf at the Tindouf level in Tindouf.
The proposal envisaged that Morocco (the police of the police) is well known as well as the authority of the security and telecommunication authorities, which would jeopardize respect for the universal principles and the right to freedom of privacy and communication.
Algeria believes that these measures are important to the success of the work of the Government of Western Sahara into the implementation of the country's plan of action.
If this trend continues to be a trend, the rate of halving by 2015.
In education, the development of early childhood development policies, including HIV/AIDS.
We have a number of children, and our children may be able to enrich or suffering and kill.
However, in order to fully implement the provisions of the “A world fit for children”, much remains to be done, let us show the necessary political will and commitment in this regard.
Regrets the failure of the failure to submit a written report on the utilization of facilities and services at the United Nations Office at Nairobi for the consideration of the Committee's consideration of the report;
Since that period, financial markets have already been able to disrupt the capacity of developing countries, and there is a growing number of signs that the vulnerability of States to the financial crisis is generally in general, but it seems to be necessary to provide more collective control and guidance for international financial.
However, it is expected that compliance with security provisions would improve the pace of the goods and thus to provide the goods to the international transaction more reliable.
The existing data indicate that women in the developing countries have not been able to participate in information technology decision-making structures.
Indeed, the Council must also listen to the voices of regional organizations and other groups, which, in recent weeks, have been able to reach consensus at the local and other levels, including the European Union, the African Union, the Non-Aligned Movement, the League of Arab States or the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference; they call for a peaceful settlement of the crisis, the United Nations and the role of international legitimacy and respect for international legitimacy.
They refuse to change the situation and interference in the situation in the region and to refrain from their own internal affairs, and refuse to ignore the cause of its interests and justice.
Fifty-eighth session
The possibility of addressing the identity and review of such children.
Requests the Secretary-General to invite the States Parties to the Treaty, the United Nations and other specialized agencies, the United Nations Development Programme and other specialized agencies, the World Bank, the World Bank, the Global Environment Facility, the Global Environment Facility, the Global Environment Facility, the Global Environment Facility and other relevant United Nations agencies, regional fisheries agencies and other relevant international financial institutions, regional fisheries agencies and other relevant non-governmental organizations to participate in the third round of informal consultations;
We also recognize that the coordination of Canada and Mexico in our region with our region must be supported by strong international cooperation in our borders.
This information has not been provided in the form of import and/or export data in the general table.
Cuba
Encourages the President of the Council to increase the work of the Council and its subsidiary bodies at the meeting of the Conference of the Whole on the strengthening of projects in the mainstream of the Council and its subsidiary bodies;
They will now wish to make the floor of members of the Council on the question of the question of Western Sahara and other other briefings, as Mr. Oshima, who will be able to participate in the non-ninth meeting of the Council.
(h) Exchange of exchange rates
As at 30 June 2002, unpaid assessed contributions amounted to $2.2 million, reflecting $7.7 million.
(b) The Governor's request of the contractor to carry out a standardized programme on the quality of the total number of United Nations standards that have not been completed;
The survey focused on complaints of torture, the situation of the death of persons who are victims of human rights violations, as well as complaints of human displaced persons from Al-Khalad.
I therefore recommend that the Office of the Special Representative of the Special Representative of UNAMA has an additional corrections adviser.
The second preambular paragraph emphasizes the obligation of States to undertake and successfully complete negotiations on nuclear disarmament.
The recommendations of the National Forest Programme on Forests has played an important role in strengthening economic and tax policies to promote sustainable forest management.
The Panel's decision is used by the following decisions and other groups.
The regional office will assess progress made in achieving the integrated development goals of young children.
The goal of the girls' education programme is to reduce gender gaps and improve the quality of primary education in the region.
Mr. de Barros (Secretary of the Committee) said that the submission of the report submitted by El Salvador should be contained in document A/BUR/3/Rev.1.
The experience of the experience in the past few years, which is in the process of the Government's policy to achieve sustainability, accessibility and scale, should be based on the development of the local community's policy, and that it is necessary to provide a public policy with a view to achieving the provision of credit for a large number of low-income households and the provision of subsidies.
The Assistant Secretary-General has assisted its functions to assist the Office in its mandate, coordinating interdepartmental activities and monitor the implementation of the activities.
(iv) Providing technical and operational support to individual computer computers in the United Nations Headquarters network;
The Panel's second instalment of the second instalment is set out in the second instalment of the following claims: D2( (personal injury) and D-5 bank accounts, reserves and other securities).
For example, international terrorism has become a evil to the whole.
The world's leadership is expected to lead to our leadership in response to poverty, inequality, human rights violations, terrorism, pollution or weapons of mass destruction.
At its ninth session, from 30 May to 2 June 1995, the ninth session of the General Assembly considered the report of the Conference.
First, there is a need to reverse the trend in increasing voluntary contributions and reduction of mandatory contributions.
In the face of the risk of violence against the world, we strive to build international law.
On 7 March 1988, he was one of the sponsors of the bill of the Parliament of the Parliament, which protest the campaign of anti-Semitism against women and the authorities of the Communist party.
To that end, the Co-Chairs of the Institute of Co-operation States:
* Reissued for technical reasons.
Opening and duration of sessions of the session 1 - 3 3
Report of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
It is recommended that the approach to the “European-free” concept of “European-free” initiative in the context of the ongoing operation of the European Union has been implemented.
He reported that, in the context of paragraph 27 of the Parking Programme, the Russian delegation designated the premises of the Russian delegation with other vehicles, including the New York police station, military and other vehicles.
However, developing countries pointed out that they have already provided many professional positions at the international level and had specific interest in market liberalization liberalization in GATS.
Convinced that the resources of disarmament, including regional disarmament flows, can be used in economic and social development and the protection of the environment, in particular the people of the world, in particular the people of developing countries,
Mr. President, the President of the last President of the last President, stated that “In the case of a case, the United Nations membership of all Member States had expressed no satisfaction in the progress of the Working Group.
However, article 107 of the Convention is no longer open.
28.28 The objective of the subprogramme is to increase understanding of the phenomenon of the population, especially the relationship between the population and the population.
Subprogramme 3
The current work of the International Council of Women is the main issue of gender issues as a major issue of human activities, and it can report the difficulties faced by grass-roots women.
A/58/184.
The establishment of the Afghan electoral institutions in Afghanistan is certainly the same imperative for the same urgency.”
However, the employment of persons with disabilities remains the protection of protected employment, although it is increasingly concerned that employment or discrimination in the context of protection or support for the work of the working environment tend to deepen social exclusion and discrimination.
Lack of accessibility facilities and facilities in the workplace are the main factors hindering the participation of disabled persons in the open market labour market.
I have been instructed by the Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Ahtisaari, to continue its efforts to bring a peaceful solution to this tragic crisis.
Thus, the right to return is important in order to provide a number of rights for the goods of the goods, but that such recovery should be shorter (most than 30 days) in order to avoid the general loan.
The expert mission conducted interviews with some arms brokers in Mogadishu, with a view to the extent that these weapons transactions are generally limited to some of the staff.
The expert mission had received a number of rounds of weapons in the export market in Mogadishu and has begun to use a series of types of industrial content.
In 1999 and 2000, the Co-President of Indonesia, Mr. K. K. B. Al-Assad, had signed three contracts, which had signed three contracts, with a view to a three-year contract, which had been sent to the two contracts in the Central Bank of Somalia.
The General Assembly reaffirmed that United Nations agencies should be expected to meet their respective headquarters headquarters.
At its 46th meeting, on 23 July, the Council adopted draft decision 32 recommended by the Commission on Human Rights on 23 July, by which it adopted draft decision 32 recommended by the Commission on Human Rights, entitled “Report of the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session”, as contained in decision 2003/269.
(d) Narcotic drugs;
In the last quarter of the last quarter of the Barcelona Convention, it is also possible to look at a two-week test of the mmba and the frole chain.
The training of the diploma is: care, photicular, sanitation, dental and well-to-cer care.
In addition to economic development, African countries also emphasized governance in NEPAD.
Has the United Arab Emirates does not have the current special law on mutual legal assistance?
The expected accomplishment (c) should be read: “(c) the effective link between food security, population, environment and human settlements, in the context of sustainable development policies.
Croatia is encouraged to increase the growing number of candidates from the various regions of the world, while taking serious consideration to the consideration of a candidate of a judge to the International Criminal Court.
On the other hand, in the context of the establishment of a dialogue between delegations and the President of the General Assembly on the establishment of the International Criminal Court, a constructive approach to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and a dialogue between the President of the States parties to the Treaty on the Establishment of a draft resolution A/C.6/57/L.16 was involved.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
When the most basic social infrastructure in a country or the employment of income employment, there has been a vacuum in the wake of the destruction of the war and the severe drought in the south of the south.
Stressing the need for a broader cooperation and better coordination of efforts to combat illicit proliferation in small arms, held in Oslo on 13 and 14 July 1998, through the common understanding of the Conference on Small Arms, held in Oslo on 13 and 14 July 1998 and the Brussels Action Conference on Sustainable Action in the fight against small arms,
At the same time, the services of the Sixth Committee also transferred to the Department of the General Assembly in the same sector, which would strengthen the services of the Main Committees of the General Assembly.
In accordance with the methodology set out in paragraph 2 of the first “E4” report, the method of verification and valuation of the claims for the loss of receivables for the twenty-fifth instalment of the claims of the first “E4” report was verified.
The amount of recovery costs referred to in the claim is based on the methodology set out in paragraphs 21 to 2 of the First “E4” Report, paragraphs 21 to 2 of the “E4” Report, and the methodology set out in paragraphs 93 to 96 below.
The security rules of the International Maritime Convention on the Safety of the Sea and the International Ship and Port Facilities Section will be entered into force on 1 July 2004, and will apply to:
Coordination and activities for the implementation and activities of the Third Decade of Action to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
The high-level committee established three core functions: (a) regular operational arrangements for the implementation of an emergency-based approach to the activities of relevant intergovernmental organizations/ or/or programme-based projects; (b) the establishment of a system-wide response to the needs of relevant intergovernmental organizations/ or/or/or programme-based activities, as well as monitoring mechanisms for the overall coverage of the scope and strategy of the United Nations intergovernmental organizations/ or/or programme-specific programmes, and this is ultimately the responsibility of CEB in the support of the High-level Committee.
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1359 (2001) of 29 June 2001, and resolution 1429 (2002) of 30 July 2002, in which the Council stressed the importance of achieving a political solution to disputes,
A programme has been developed to combat HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases.
Primary school enrolment
The African Group calls upon the international community to intensify its efforts to investigate, identify and resolve the links between illicit trade and other resources in the illicit trade of small arms and light weapons, in particular those of Africa, such as Africa.
However, this incident also has a great deal of high-level sensitivity to the Golan.
On 21 November, the Special Envoy had announced that the Government of Myanmar had announced that the release of 115 political prisoners will be released.
Subsequently, Italy's commitment to 148 million euros, for emergency activities, privatization, industrial restructuring, financial reform, foreign investment and training management.
The work of the Unit and its internal working methods have been conducted in conjunction with its internal working methods, and it may be important to establish a working-term working group on the preparation of its annual programme of work.
However, the number of ratifications approved by the Convention remains limited and progress has been slow.
The complaint may be submitted to the European Court of Human Rights, which may be submitted to the Human Rights Committee, the Committee against Torture, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination or the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
UNHCR and IOM continued to promote the repatriation of refugees in West Timor in West Timor, especially in the area of reconciliation and reconciliation in West Timor, to launch a large campaign for the movement of refugees from East Timor, to launch a massive campaign for refugees, and to liaise with the authorities of the Red Cross and Red Crescent authorities.
As indicated in paragraph 20 of the report, the Logistics Base would be expected to start 100 training courses during the budget period, training of $1,400 personnel, and the current staff staff would not be trained.
This approach, despite the request of Member States themselves, is sometimes tolerated.
It is therefore a case for the translation of a copy of the files, as well as the establishment of a copy of the website of the Inter-Agency Meeting of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Computer Support and Terminology in Vienna (JAMCAT) in Vienna, from 23 to 25 April 2003 and referred to in the statement on translation instruments at United Nations Headquarters.
Delete the last sentence.
The expected expected accomplishment (e) to strengthen the work of the fight against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to increase indicators of achievement (e): “the increase in activities carried out in the implementation of the mandate”.
The observer of observers.
The Committee may meet in other locations other than the Committee and/or the Assembly of States Parties.
Election and duration of the President and Vice-Presidents
In discussing the assistance provided by UNDP to Afghanistan, the Minister of Rural Rehabilitation and Development had made a statement to the Executive Board, and then a informal statement to attract a large number of audiences.
Finally, my delegation remains convinced that only the United Nations can contribute to a long-term contribution to peace and security in the world.
Specific issues
The actions of innocent loss of innocent life — whether Palestinians or Israelis — must be condemned equally.
4.4 The number of women in political and public positions can be seen in previous paragraphs.
Table 14.3.3 Net water supply sources, health facilities and number of residence in 1999
Subprogramme 1: Promote economic and social policy analysis
Oman seized a large number of towns, which had reported a total of 8 tons of tons.
In the face of all these challenges, the international community is unable to ignore the opportunities of the existing international community to cooperate with the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
China is currently considering the possibility of the United Nations Mission in Liberia.
(d) Amendments to rule 107.15 (d) of the Rules of Peacekeeping Operations, which provides a formal provision for a long-term approach, i.e. the appointment of staff, external or repatriation travel and repatriation for travel, except when approved and implemented.
Rule 109.2
The list of information on the database of the Secretariat on Money Laundering and the Monitoring of Money-Laundering was continuously monitored through the list of lists provided by the international and international organizations (Interpol, the Financial Law Enforcement Network and the National Counter-Terrorism Programme).
The first phase of the census includes updated maps to determine the location and registration of each shelter in Afghanistan, and a preliminary population number.
Since the publication of these recommendations, the United States Congress had held two hearings on this issue, and expressed strong support for the United States to join the United States Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The concept of marine protected areas also increased understanding and support.
The marine scientific and technological science has provided data and evidence to enable the international community to optimize its resources and to implement the necessary measures.
The Bahamas will continue to take the necessary steps to ensure that vessels in our waters are consistent with international standards.
Many landlocked developing countries are unable to benefit from the size of the production and consumption economy, as well as in the economic economy of those countries, or because of their geographical size (e.g. Bhutan, Lesotho, or not to the population of their population (such as Mongolia, Niger).
The Internet of the Internet referred to in the previous document is not used in the form of a sample sample, because the study is fully not to estimate the total amount of any characteristics of the study, in fact, in fact, to study the distribution of national main features.
Network multidisciplinary media
Liaison meetings with Eritrea.
The Commission on Human Rights itself continued its work in 1999 to reconsider and strengthen its working methods.
In cooperation with the United Kingdom Development Services (United Kingdom) to promote the establishment of women's entrepreneurship unions, the lead of a government strategy for women's entrepreneurs has been a major focus of the Government's strategy to meet women's long-term business support and development.
See Rosenfeld, “Suton de la de la de la démocratie”, Science, pp. 87 (2000).
The liberalization of the transfer of technology mechanisms must be achieved in the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, which is indispensable to achieving the goals of the Doha Agenda.
• Reduce the use of software for the use of software
• Operational operations for field offices: 1023,500
• Security of the United Nations
In accordance with the principle of the Rome Statute, the selection of staff should not be based on race, gender or religion.
Trust fund
Other delegations questioned the specific figures of the financial and financial reports and commented that the Deputy Director was more specific and would be directly sent to delegations.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/282, noted that the Committee recommends that the Secretary-General submit the revised report of the Secretary-General on the outcome of the medium-term plan for the International Conference on Financing for Development and the outcomes of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as the review of the outcome of the outcome of the World Summit for the Sustainable Development of the World Summit on Financing for Development, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the proposed budget for the forty-eighth session.
The focal point of the ad hoc expert group further believes that the choice of rights for poverty reduction in poverty reduction is consistent with a holistic approach, which is consistent with the universal, indivisible and interdependent principles of human rights.
Syria's occupation of occupation has been a neighbouring State, and the basic norms of international law and the basic norms of international law and the provision of international law, as well as for asylum, is well known.
Takes note of the intention of the Tribunal to end the conclusion by the end of February 2004 to the end of November 2003 in the case of the President of the Prosecutor, Kamamba, and the media;
In accordance with the provisions of article 146 (1) of the new Code of Criminal Procedure, the Court may, in accordance with the request of the Court's decision or the request of the plaintiff of the Court of Justice, may be liable for the prosecution of the offender in the case of the law, if the person may be arrested in the case of the law or in the case of a domestic violence or in the case of the domestic violence against domestic violence (which may be sentenced to imprisonment or a fine of a fine or more fine in the case of domestic violence”.
The purpose of this law is to reduce discrimination against homosexual persons, legally applicable to the rights and obligations of the law of the partner, as well as recognition of the existence of religious and cultural rights, as well as the fact that the existence of homosexual is a social reality.
It was also noted that the deletion of the sentence could be included in the definition of a separate contract.
Time-up remains
Its negative impact also affects each aspect of socio-economic development and consumption and consumption of international and national resources.
In that way, only more than 140 per cent of the software applications based on regional networks are not needed to operate and sustain, and partner organizations will receive the same benefits.
A summary of the status of mine survivors can be used, including the most large areas of the number of people and survivors of the population and the number of landmine survivors.
The Working Group noted the need to clarify the need for a number of aspects of the proposed development compact, including the concept of the concept of the concept of the right to development and the importance of the international community's obligations and responsibilities in the context of the implementation of the proposed development agreements; and the need for a systematic monitoring mechanism for the implementation of the recommendations of the proposed development compact and the role of civil society and civil society, as well as in the framework of the Compact, as well as the overall role of the United Nations system, as well as the overall role of the United Nations system, as well as the need to provide further clarification of the needs of the Model Compact, as well as how to further clarify the development right, as well as how to further clarify the modalities of the Compact.
Thus, Israel's policy on Palestinian violence has been all features of the war against apartheid under the International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Anti-Personnel War.
“11. Stresses the urgent need for the United Nations to achieve the development goals and indicators of the United Nations Millennium Declaration in the context of the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in particular in particular to focus on the development of the right to development and to integrate this urgent issue in the United Nations Development Programme;
Although NIOC did not agree with the additional costs and extension requirements, it agreed to extend a letter on 4 January 1990, in which it had agreed to extend the six days after the extension of the contract (which would avoid the decision of the NIOC on these requests as a final and binding decision”).
The CebebB's claim seeks compensation for the amount of USD 1,0230 on the basis of compensation and replacement of six employees in Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia and Jubail, in January 1991 and February 1991.
In this regard, welcoming the Declaration adopted by the International Conference of the States Parties to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and 13 to 13 December 2001, and the Declaration adopted by the Ministerial Meeting of the States Parties to the Protocol of States Parties to the Protocol of States Parties to the Protocol of States Parties to the Protocol of States Parties,
However, at the time of the signing of the Agreement in the signing of the Agreement, the outbreak of fighting between the parties has led to the termination of the Agreement.
With respect to tolerance and respect for education, education and respect for education are more than one of the collective responsibility of society.
The Federal President of the Federal Council has elected a term of five years, and the federal Parliament is composed of parliamentarians elected by the Federal Parliament and the Commonwealth House.
Restrictions on the number of sites in the West Bank.
Canada recommended that paragraph 5 (c) of paragraph 5 (c) add the words “and implementing”.
While the reduction of supply is essential, demand reduction is also essential, but the need for a long-term effort to achieve a coherent and serious international cooperation through integrated and decisive measures, gradually changing attitudes and behaviour.
He carried out a campaign for the Kurdians in 1987 and 1989, including massive executions, disappearances, arbitrary detention, arbitrary detention, ethnic cleansing, and the destruction of some 2,000 villages.
Particular respect should also be given to the rights of indigenous peoples and similar communities, possession, development, control, protection, protection of land, other natural resources and cultural and knowledge property.
(d) Private corporations and transnational corporations should enhance transparency in their activities and are regularly open to its activities, structures, financial situation and performance.
African Development Bank, the African Union, the European Union, the Commonwealth of Europe, the Commonwealth of Europe, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the European Cooperation and Security Organization
The Chairman of the Sub-Commission introduced the work of the Agency, detailing many documents and statements received from the Subcommittee, including documents and declarations.
Mr. D. M. Fililov, Deputy Permanent Representative
When we consider this issue at the tenth emergency session of the General Assembly, it is clear that Israel deliberately rejects the request of the General Assembly in its resolution ES-100.
Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Croatia, Germany, Hungary, Hungary, Italy, Germany, Germany, Poland, Slovenia, Romania, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, Sweden, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Tuvalu, Ukraine, Ukraine and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: draft resolution, draft resolution,: draft resolution
In view of the need for precise figures to reflect the impact of recommendations and assessments of the recommendations of the recommendations of the recommendations, the Committee should clarify the situation on the salaries of the public service of the State, and specify the entry into force of the award.
Table 1 Developing countries: increase in GDP gross GDP (GDP)
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
OIOS should also seek to identify the cost of a set-off number of cases to the Tribunal's completion of the expenses of the Tribunal, identifying the need for additional resources in the case of the case, which would lead to the acceleration of cases in cases of cases, reducing the need for the overall work of the complaint.
The international community has clearly addressed a responsibility: restoring solidarity and the purposes and principles of the Charter of the international community as an indispensable foundation for the international community, and mobilize all financial and energy to revitalize the United Nations.
The network includes non-governmental organizations in Europe, North America, South America and Africa.
In some cases, the introduction of a press intervention statement may require the use of security measures to determine and related signatures as a matter of operation.
The secured creditor may provide a application to the court by the courts or may permit the insolvency representative (not not ratified) to terminate the suspension of security.
The role of the debtor of the debtor and the role of the debtor
Such a mechanism should involve the right of creditors to vote on a proposal for a vote, which may be made at the meeting of the Conference on the basis of a meeting to be held at the conference, including electronic and electronic means and other other instruments, and whether creditors should vote in accordance with their rights.
Other claims
(a) The selection and commencement of criteria;
Côte d'Ivoire
In 1999, the Organization had updated the system with the Group of 77 to replace this network.
The total amount includes an amount of $6,766,400 for the provision of a total of six permanent trial judges, two appeals judges, judges and four ad litem judges, in accordance with Security Council resolution 1431 (2002) of the Security Council, established pursuant to Security Council resolution 57/414 of 25 June 2003.
The Joint Strategic Strategic Plan, in the context of income, leadership, advocacy, financial contributions and exchange and exchange, has been assessed in the management and exchange of a national committee.
It is a priority to identify the strategy to implement resolutions.
With regard to the United Nations information centres, it was noted that, at the time of the establishment of a regional network centre for the establishment of a regional network centre, it must be measured that the closure of existing information centres would be lost and the benefits that would lead to enhanced activities.
For further information, please contact Ms. Hala Dakimhahh, non-Governmental Organizations Section of the Department of Public Information (tel.
We believe that, as a result of strengthening the effective protection of the system, the safety of nuclear materials, the prevention of illicit trafficking in nuclear materials, the prevention of illicit trafficking in nuclear materials and other measures to improve the effectiveness of the IAEA control system, it will make us possible to prevent terrorism and its associates.
I have the honour to refer to your letter dated 12 August 2003 to the third report of the State of Kuwait, which contains my country's replies to the replies posed by the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism.
2.2.3.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4 (b) of the genetic substances, as well as its genetic substances, are intended to change the biological and biological organisms in a non-profit manner.
The type of toxic substances should be translated into United Nations Headquarters, but not included in the definition of the definition of the definition of the definition of the definition of the definition, which should be included in the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
2.8.1.1 The design and manufacture of the equipment and the installation of equipment and structures, which must be used in the design and manufacture of the chemicals, must be subject to the distribution and maintenance of the chemicals, without prejudice to the loss of the material.
The accumulation of biological chemicals
The Fifth Committee will hold its 27th meeting, on Thursday, 11 December 2003, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 3.
However, the real trends in the world economy are not relevant.
The African leaders' leaders actively engage in the development process of the continent to fully understand the needs of the region and to make it clear to the achievement of the outcome of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
On 15 December this year, the second Ministerial Council of the South African Forum on Cooperation in Central Africa will take place in the city of Ethiopia.
Bearing in mind the latest report of the Secretary-General entitled “Comprehensive programme of work for the International Decade of the General Assembly (A/57/35),
Any individual or legal entity, unless they have been registered by Iceland's identity card, shall not be allowed to grant the bank bank bank, savings account or use of savings.
In addition, representatives also commended the strategy for the “launching” strategy to accelerate efforts aimed at promoting girls' efforts to promote girls' education, promote procurement and safety of vaccines, to address the work of the emergency work and to focus on the work of the child.
C. National programmes
The Government and UNDP identified three regional areas for the period 2004-2005: (a) support national capacity-building processes; (b) development capacity to promote local recovery and development; (c) national security; and (c) information management.
The objective of the Russian proposal is only one of the prospects for preventing violence and the prospects for peace in the Middle East.
In addition, we call on President Arafat to ensure that Palestinian security organizations are strengthened and to report to the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
At the same time, the judicial authorities of Latvia have been involved in fighting, and a demonstration trial was held by the Israeli army and the State of the State.
The close partnership between other members of civil society and other members of civil society, private sector and Governments to further strengthen scientific and technological promotion of sustainable forest management and ensuring policy-related scientific issues.
(c) Letter dated 6 October 2003 from the President of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly addressed to the Permanent Representative of the United Nations to the Permanent Representative of all Member States, as well as the modalities and structure of informal interactive dialogue.
Other groups have provided information on the sources of data on the three groups.
Education
This survey also includes 15.5 per cent of women aged 15 to 49 years, and 5 per cent of the age of the age of the age of the age.
57/14 Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit
The company stated that, if there is no delay in the work of the work, it could be submitted by the Government in August 1990 and the Government will approve the development project by the end of August 1990.
Israel's construction of settlements in the occupied territories and the conduct of the construction of the wall in the Territory continues to be a serious obstacle to the achievement of the resolution.
Letter dated 19 February 1983 from the Permanent Representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15565).
My delegation is very clear that the United Nations and the international community have made considerable inputs to the peace of Sierra Leone.
The early accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO) is a highest priority of Kazakhstan.
In addition, a country in South Asia has a threat to tensions in the region, as well as a threat to peace and development in other regions, as a country in South Asia, to seek political, military and economic power, without prejudice to the risk of conventional and strategic weapons.
The Task Force will seek to develop the Division's technical cooperation products, using the analysis of the respective divisions of those themes.
This is a cooperative project, which involves the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education, Turkey, the National Planning, National Planning, National Statistics and Women's Rights Division.
The establishment of additional criminal jurisdiction has increased pressure in this regard.
It is unlikely that the situation could be delayed.
In the course of the United Nations cultural heritage, efforts have been made to promote public awareness, promote participation and participation in cultural heritage support.
This would enable the customs and police authorities, as well as the arts and other relevant concerned, to verify whether they are suspected of the items from Iraq to be used in the database.
The Refugee Authority of Maldives monitored commercial banks and other financial institutions and provides them to report on any non-recurrent financial transactions.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Dominican People's Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Libyan Arab Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Libyan Arab Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Libyan Arab Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Mauritania, Trinidad and Tobago
Abstaining:
The Advisory Committee notes that, in paragraph 10 of its resolution, the Advisory Committee finds that it would be optimistic that the projections of income for income was expected.
Enclosure
Cuba has never exported anti-personnel mines, and Cuba stands ready to play a positive role in the pursuit of a moratorium on all types of mines.
Delegations expressed their appreciation for the report of the Legal Counsel and made comments on some elements.
In conclusion, UNIDO has consistently worked in a number of industrial industries in a number of industrial industries, such as textiles, leather, food, timber, paper and paper, chemicals, metal and minerals, and energy and energy.
Recognizes that disaster risk management should be linked to regional frameworks such as the New Partnership for Africa's Development, such as the New Partnership for Africa's Development, to address poverty eradication and sustainable development;
(c) The SBSTA notes that the second periodic report provides an opportunity for Governments to improve momentum on the momentum created by the Global Observing System, but that it is still possible to ensure that a priority-based action would be done in the context of deficiencies and costs in the field-based networks.
The BERS-1S satellite satellite has produced more than half of the Earth's surface images, which were collected from Brazil and China.
The Committee stresses the importance of close cooperation between contractors and the contractor, in which the Committee recommends that the next session should be held at the next session and to discuss the proposed model of the contractor.
Paragraphs Page
ICCD/COP.6 Consideration of relevant elements of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development and related elements of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification
Also welcomes the joint programme of work of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CCW) and the Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in arid and semi-arid biodiversity, and invites Parties to take necessary measures to ensure effective implementation of the Programme, in particular at the local level;
Today, today's history is the form of “Question of Palestine”.
Here I would like to express my delegation's appreciation for the Secretary-General's report contained in document A/58/166, which provides useful information.
While the history has clearly demonstrated a number of major populations in the Middle East in the Middle East, the Israeli Jewish Jewish has not been subjected to the fact that the Israeli Jewish population in the Arab countries had not been seen by the fact that the Israeli occupation of the Arab-Israeli conflict has been ignored.
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) is crucial to ensuring international security.
In the wake of the disaster in El Salvador (E/CN.105/ka), the schedule of a revised-out-out plan for the period of the period of 2004 was approved in April 2001 by the end of April 2001 and the assessment of the status plan for the period from 1 September 2002 to 11 September 2002.
In its resolution 57/141, the General Assembly deeply expresses its deep concern at the severe environmental, social and social damage caused by the oil fires caused by the recent events, and calls upon States and relevant international organizations to take all necessary and appropriate measures in accordance with international law, in accordance with international law, to prevent this scourge in future.
The Protocol also increased the limitation of compensation for passengers in the ship, with a strict compensation system to replace the liability regime under the liability of the seller, without less than 25 per cent of the non-governmental Committee.
Alaaa
At the outset, the Committee recalled the usefulness of the proposed report of the Ad Hoc Committee for the fifty-third session of the Sub-Commission, which would be useful in order to better prepare the final report, including military experts, including military experts - focus on trends in the administration of justice through military tribunals, and in particular progress.
Since the efforts of the Secretariat and the member States, as well as donor contributions, the goal of the implementation of the budget budget for the year 2003 was greatly promising.
The view was expressed that the repatriation grant for the United Nations staff in the post-retirement United Nations staff had been obsolete and needed to be reviewed.
The representative of the Office of Internal Oversight Services introduced the report.
Finally, on the development of the development of Norway's development policy, he requested that all development partners in Norway had signed the Convention.
Third Group
Welcomes the continuing dialogue between the administering Power and the Territories, with a view to establishing a programme of work for Tokelau in accordance with General Assembly resolution 55/147 of 8 December 2000;
Many delegations supported the recommendations of the global forum for strengthening the world's political forum.
Nepal therefore welcomes the plan for the work of the United Nations on the work of the United Nations and on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration.
The support of the international community to these institutions is crucial.
Thus, the concept and content of security is gradually evolving.
This issue has some needs to be cautious.
The crime against terrorism is currently present to the Parliament of the Netherlands.
It includes advocacy and media activities at the regional and local levels, as well as the media-based work of the Roma community, which has been conducted in a series of symposiums and debates held during the course of anti-Semitism, with a wide range of educational activities in the new secondary schools.
The following candidates have been made by the following candidates: C.C. Mr. R. Ma. H. N. N. N. S. (Republic of Korea) (resolution 62); S.C. Mr. S. K. M. M. S. S. (Ghana) (A/62/10 (Ghana); (A/62/10-I), Mr. El-Marie Bongo (Ghana) (spoke in Spanish): El-Marie B. B. Benooo (Costa Rica) (resolution 600) (A.S. H. H. Tomvaya (South Africa) 566).
The decrease is attributable mainly to the decrease in the use of medical equipment in the operations of UNIFIL in the area of the operation of UNIFIL.
Financial embargo on the Taliban
The development and implementation of additional and new and new institutional capacity-building activities in cooperation with technical cooperation could be made in order to:
In the context of the peaceful settlement of disputes, the delegation of Turkey expressed its appreciation for the proposal made by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on prevention and settlement of disputes, while noting that the consent of the parties to the question of the transfer of disputes was required to be followed by the parties.
(a) To develop procedures for the protection of persons who are responsible for such persons, such as the necessary and feasible circumstances, and, where appropriate, allow disclosure or limitation of information on their identity and whereabouts;
The National Group of Experts could convene the report of the IAEA in 2003 and 2004 to discuss these themes.
On the background, the Committee may wish to consider the following considerations as part of its recommendations as part of the recent trends in international investment agreements and its development dimension.
The Palestinian Authority has a specific responsibility to secure security, first in areas where the IDF had withdrawn, and then in all regions of its control.
It is therefore incumbent on the international responsibility that a international organization fails to comply with the obligation of the international law, such as the failure of a international organization to comply with the obligation imposed by the international law in respect of international law, such as the failure of a international organization to comply with the obligation of preventive measures against non-compliance.
It was recognized that the actions taken in many areas would be mutually complementary.
Action taken by the Commission
The promotion of girls' education is a useful way for girls to return to school.
During this period, the members of the Organization have increased to include Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands and Tajikistan.
At its 90th meeting, on 7 June 2002, the United Nations Commission on Drugs and Crime commended the ILO to develop a gender-responsive audit audit to identify the gaps in the labour of women's rights.
Urges States to develop programmes for local, regional and international levels in order to provide the public public public to the domestic, regional and international levels, and to provide the potential victims to provide for the recruitment and trafficking of persons and victims of trafficking and sexual exploitation;
Recognizing the valuable contribution of the Internet to disseminate information and education in contemporary societies,
In addition, there is a big requirement: English must be held in English.
The Committee pays particular attention to the coordination of the activities of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the International Labour Organization (ILO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), and the recommendations and recommendations of the Commission itself.
Fifthly, we must work diligently to eradicate the environment of terrorism.
A very difficult effort has been made.
The report of the WTO secretariat was based on data collection data collected by country-specific surveys on issues related to issues of concern, public publications and responses to the draft report on the report.
Agencies will have their own costs.
In that regard, the United Nations, particularly the Security Council, must be clear and unequivocally: the Government of Iraq must promptly disarm and to make the international community from more conflicts.
First, it must urge Iraq to comply with the Council's resolutions.
For example, HIV/AIDS vaccine, as well as the demand for the market market, is currently currently under way, but there is a wide range of research and research, but the needs of the global needs or to address the situation of disease in poor countries.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session, in a separate corrigendum for each Committee.
On 30 August 2003, the WTO Council issued a decision on the implementation of article 6 of the Doha Declaration on the Implementation of the TRIPS Agreement on the Protection of Intellectual Rights and Public Health, which was submitted by the Government of Canada to introduce a bill on patent law.
The purpose of this draft article is to protect the buyer's buyer who had received a bill of lading before delivery of goods, thus allowing the buyer to acquire certain contracts for the bill of lading, even if they are not available.
It was expressed that draft article 12 should be expressed in a conflict in the domestic law of some countries, as it provides that the transfer of rights for the rights of the right must be issued by the assignor, rather than the transfer of an assignment or assignee in the last sentence of the paragraph.
In addition, it was also considered that this structure would encourage States to choose port-to-door approach rather than to the door of door, thus that it would lead to a change.
The Section will be assigned to 14 medical officers (4 P-3 and 10 United Nations Volunteers), 19 nurses (United Nations Volunteers and 17 United Nations Volunteers), two medical Administrative Assistants (United Nations Volunteers) and 8 ambulances (national staff) and 8 ambulances (national staff) to Bunia, Goma, wind-ina, Kisangani, Kindu, Kindu and South Kivu.
Action: The SBSTA may wish to consider its consideration of this item and to consider any action necessary.
It is estimated that more than $10,000 people in southern Sudan have been infected in southern Sudan, and 2,800 per cent died.
In practice, in practice, the notification of the financial regulation of the financial market is particularly rapid and effective.
(c) Substantive progress on the implementation of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in the intersessional context of the Outer Space Convention, which could be submitted to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee in the report of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
It is of the view that the Secretariat of the Council of Governors of the Council of Arab States, in the context of cooperation between the Council and the United Nations concerned, would wish to consider the possibility of the Committee's consideration of those recommendations.
In short time, the market structure and dynamics of the world's telecommunications services have undergone deep changes.
For the more detailed treatment of FDI in services, see document TD/B/COM.2/E.14/2/2.
In this regard, other actions have been taken in the area of El Salvador, in the area of El Salvador, to relocate 55 households, and the cost of $800 million.
The National Housing Plan of the National Housing Plan is the core family of the family and demobilized persons in the context of a continuous integration of the population.
In general, this rule is essential to protecting market and system integrity.
Recalling also the approval by the General Assembly of the International Conference for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean, in 1990, and the signing of the Convention of the International Conference of the Sea of the Latin American and Caribbean States, which was open to the Convention, and the purpose of which the instrument would be fully implemented,
The State or Government, which calls upon all other participants to refrain from the arms embargo established by the Security Council in its resolution 7733 of 23 January 1992, and expresses its appreciation to the Council in accordance with Security Council resolution 1407 of 3 May 2002.
The State or Government of the Sudan welcomed the signing of the Montreal Protocol on 22 July 2002 by the Government of the Sudan and the Sudanese People's Liberation Movement, as a major breakthrough for the achievement of major issues, and also an important step towards achieving a just and lasting peace in the Sudan.
The rich and powerful States decided to determine international relations, including economic and trade relations and the application of these rules, which are a distinct role in which these rules are the cost of the interests of developing countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
- Chapter I, support the international community to combat terrorism;
It is clear that the need for the end of the domestic war has significantly exceeded the extent of the United Nations to support the extent of the United Nations, in particular, in particular its financial capacity and its pressure on its growth.
The Ad Hoc Advisory Group believes that as a matter of special challenges in Guinea-Bissau, the country needs strong international support and a coherent approach.
In this conflict, the Government of Côte d'Ivoire, in the course of which he has not been able to take a significant sacrifice, should be recalled by the rebels, and should recall that the rebel forces had been brutally condemned by the United Nations Security Council.
The Security Council, in its consideration of the question of Iraq's question and its grave consequences on international peace and security, must take into account the important elements of the resolution, which is the end of the Israeli military forces to reaffirm respect for Iraq's sovereignty, political independence and territorial integrity, as well as all States to non-interference in the internal affairs of Iraq.
Fourthly, many countries have committed their commitment to support international reconstruction programmes in Iraq, which we are encouraged.
This does not mean that changes in programme programmes have been based on the necessary facts.
The use of peaceful means in respect of Iraq's sovereignty and territorial integrity, respect for the legitimate right of the Iraqi people to their own development path can be used in accordance with the objectives of the United Nations.
The Advisory Committee's advisory advice on the accounting and loss of accounting and loss of claims in the Panel is provided in this regard.
“(c) Officials, employees or agents of the entities or entities controlled by Iraq or controlled entities;
The purpose of these programmes is to replace the cost of the cost of services for persons with disabilities, through cost-effective, rapid and rapid response to the capacity and support of persons with disabilities and their families, to replace the cost of cost-based, separation-based institutions, to reduce costs of services for persons with disabilities.
For example, in Sierra Leone, 94 per cent of displaced persons and girls were victims of sexual violence.
There is also a need to further study the impact of global policy on women and the right to adequate housing.
All the Convention partners, including the Global Mechanism, the Secretariat, the promotion of members of the Committee, the COP, the COP, the developed and the affected developing country Parties and non-governmental organizations.
Over the past report, the previous report is to describe the death, detention, humanitarian crisis, damage to property, the suffering of children and settlements.
Furthermore, the normative bill of the National Bank of Moldova has been necessary to combat the activities of the activities of the International Fund for the Prevention of Terrorism and Prevention of Money-laundering, promulgated on 13 January 1994 by Decree No. 1 of 13 May 1994, on the basis of the Act on the Status of Currency Status of the Republic of Moldova, as amended by the Act on the Establishment and operation of a currency and operation of currency, as well as the regulations of the currency of currency in the hotel.
Professor Professor of Law and Social Science of the University of Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, 1996.
Based on the potential of the economic and budgetary implications referred to in his resolution, the Russian delegation expressed its support for the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, namely, the estimated requirements for the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for a total of $2 million.
A team of 15 inspectors left the Canal Hotel of Baghdad at 8 August, arrived at the University's University's University's camp, headed by the Naaniya.
The document document DP/2003/CRP.14 provides further information and analysis on the methodology, which also contains the lessons learned and difficulties encountered and difficulties encountered by the Office.
(i) To provide a transparent and open environment for the preparation and production of health statistics;
Also requests the High Commissioner to submit to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session a comprehensive report on the implementation of the present resolution, which should include:
The Vice-President of the Vice-President, Mr. Dragincucu (Romania), introduced draft resolution A/C.5/57/L.65.
The present report is submitted to the General Assembly in its fourth report on the traditional practices or practices affecting the health of women and girls.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Main Committees
In his statement, he stressed that such subsidies had resulted in low-cost agricultural products, leading to thousands of indigenous people and farmers.
It is not a small matter, including the implementation of national legislation, and the appropriate implementation of appropriate means.
C. Policy research and institutional development
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 3
(a) Challenges, new trends and patterns of drug drugs;
The Working Group will have before it a new revision of the provisions of draft article 17 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.39, and the draft provisions of draft article 17 (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.12), and on the draft articles on interim protection measures taken by the Court in support of arbitration in support of arbitration by the Court (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.128) and A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.125.
It is very simple that we can reduce the agenda's agenda with a view to the current thematic cluster, with a view to which the draft resolutions under the cluster will be included in the sub-item of the agenda.
Response:
Resolution 1373 (2001)
In 2002, the Institute continued its new fellowships programmes and increasing the number of interns, thus increasing the number of fellows.
These incidents emphasize once again that the Government of Lebanon must control the use of force from all territory of the country.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, until 30 September 2002, a total of $25,92 million for the reimbursement of troop and formed police costs amounted to $2,59.2 million for the period from 1 October 2002 to 28 February 2003.
These elections mark the end of the fundamental reform of the State of Benin, which is the central and financial structure of the country's administration, which is the core for the decentralization of the financial self-government community, which is headed by the elected mayors, and they are responsible for the people.
She expressed the hope that the members of the Committee on the main issues in 2003 were open and exchanged on the main issues of peacekeeping support, peacekeeping operations, and the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005.
The number and proportion of road traffic and injuries are different from regional, age, gender and road use.
There is a pressing need for more research to provide accurate analysis of this issue and found the impact of results, cost-effective strategies to prevent the risk of the road of the different situations.
(c) Encourage Member States to assess the safety and situation of their respective roads.
The Non-Aligned Movement stresses the importance of all States, including all nuclear-weapon States, to universal adherence to the CTBT, particularly in particular to the process of nuclear disarmament.
The programme of work is based on subprogramme 1 of subprogramme 10 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Report of the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session
C. Election of officers 5 - 9 13
Recalling further its resolution 2002/37 of 22 April 2002 on the issue,
Syrian Arab Republic
World Food Programme
We encourage donor countries and multilateral financial and development institutions to continue their efforts to ensure the effective implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, in particular those of the Monterrey Consensus, to provide adequate financial and technical assistance to landlocked developing countries and landlocked developing countries in the form of grants and/or loans in order to meet the needs of the International Conference on Financing for Development as set out in the Almaty Programme of Action.
Urges the Secretary-General, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, to consider the appointment of the independent missions in the field of field missions, as appropriate, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, as appropriate, in order to accelerate the recruitment of the Mission in the field of field missions and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;
Implementation of the first 10-year programme of work for the first decade of the twenty-first century
The Governing Council,
General Assembly decision 54/449, annex.
Annex to the letter dated 31 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Military operations, as well as to the blockade, and the refusal to grant visas and permits are still severely hampered by UNRWA's work.
The representative of the World Tourism Organization of the World Tourism Organization of the World Tourism Organization, as well as any other committee acting under the auspices of the World Tourism Organization, is entitled to participate in all its deliberations, without the right to vote, in accordance with the general administrative or financial implications of the World Tourism Organization.
It is one of the States parties to the Ottawa Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction, which has been formally ratified in October, in the course of the high-level meeting held in September this year.
The Government of Israel respects the right of peoples to self-determination, but also to recognize the fact that it is the case and Israel's right to self-determination.
Revision of the report on general principles (paras.
See John Blix, “Public Investment Corporation to Somalia”, “The Sudan, 14-20 April), p. 66.
The defence of the ship, ship, aircraft or other public transport instruments shall be punished after the expiry of the termination of the premises or the voyage of the ship, which shall be punished by a period of imprisonment and between 20 and 2 to 2 million, except if this act constitutes a fine for a more serious penalty.
Illegal transport and/or transfer of firearms.
It is also possible to liaise with experts with the Group of Experts.
(i) Women in economic activities
With regard to the unemployment rate of young people in 2001 in 2001, almost 56 per cent of young people were women, and the female women accounted for 54.1 per cent in 1993 and 15.1 per cent of men in 1993 (see table 17).
Article 1, paragraph 1, of the Constitution provides that equality is higher than more than other value of the legal system and that it established a principle of the entire system.
Social Family Support Programme
“On the same violations, two different, diplomatic mediation measures, the accused may indicate that the accused may have a comprehensive claim with the parties, thus allowing another claim to be left.”
During the first reading of the draft text, the majority of delegations recalled the lengthy debate on the issues covered during the negotiation of the Convention on Crime Prevention.
In the absence of a strong link between the remedies and security, such separation is not clear (e.g. the remedies of the acquisition of the goods may be considered as a result of the fact that the goods of the sale of the goods are not in force).
Letter dated 15 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Malaysia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)
In response, the United Nations has provided additional 58 generators to the homes and families.
The Prosecutor v. L. Y. Mr. L. L. L.
• Legal Research Research Centre of the Penal Code, 44-1976
• Human rights and penal systems (Latin American law)
Reaffirms section VIII, paragraph 3, of its resolution 55/234,
Enclosure
The President: I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his statement.
As the Chairman of the Committee of the Security Council has recently pointed out, the presence of the President of the Committee, which has been a serious reminder of its own itself, will take steps and continuously monitor the violations of sanctions and violations of the sanctions.
General Assembly
New Partnership for Africa's Development provides another opportunity to enable States in the Great Lakes region to achieve their national and regional economic development goals.
I am confident that my brothers and Ibrahima Fall will further introduce his consultations in this regard.
We are convinced that the work process of the Conference will contribute to addressing the regional problems of many of the civilizations and to build the path of cooperation between peace, security, democracy, socio-economic development and the Great Lakes region.
These concerns are the legal and political interpretations of the past and current situations, including new new ideas, which stems from the historical experience of the tragedy, which are not inaccessible from fear from fear of fear, and that this is the case.
In addition to the integration of the budget-based budgeting system, the management system is also particularly important.
Third meeting
2.6.3.3.3.3.2 Amend the steel of the steel, which is designed to be re-located.
Key examples
(d) To determine and eventually reduce the rate of movement and the production rate in the area of 10°°C, in order to exclude the number of items or not entirely complete, and not exceeding a fine;
Thus, it is very important to call for every speaker — which will be in Jordan, and it is the case of Australia, which is what we will do so, which is the Council and every of each of each.
The Committee began its action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.37.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the decision of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session (see annex).
Recently, the international community uses multiple tools to help the people of Liberia have lost their own country.
It is disturbing that the deliberate hostility of armed groups in armed groups deliberately compel people to displacement and manipulate food aid, and attacks against civilians.
The Administrator also agreed that the urgent need for the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey in Monterrey and the outcome of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development at Johannesburg in Johannesburg and stressed the need to move forward forward, especially in the field of public-private partnerships.
See H.E.manman, N.g.
Resolutions adopted by the Conference (item 200)
He also noted progress made in terms of standard terminology.
Mr. Marwan Soukk, Director-General of the Department of Management
Executive Office
Regular expenditure expenditures were reduced from $6.6 million in 2001 to $772 million in 2002 (approximately 6 per cent).
As part of its strategy under article 18 of the Convention, the Committee decided to convene an informal meeting on the implementation of the reports of the Committee at its twenty-ninth session, with a view to addressing the difficulties encountered in compliance with the report of the reporting cycle and to help States parties to prepare their reports.
(1) The Court may request the President of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince, which may require the State party to make a reservation to the State party's proper, issuance and enforcement of the damage caused by the damage to damages or costs, or for the loss of damages.
In the amount of loss of loss in Iraq, the Mostonmann, which was in line with the loss of an exchange rate in the amount of USD 1,858.
It was also estimated that the amount of USD 1,956,505 and 2,929 in the amount of USD 1,926,550 in the amount of USD 1,26,505 (Sonnmann).
In particular, it failed to provide adequate and appropriate evidence that the contract is generally profitable.
Mr. Tonald Boaua S.C. A. A. (the “aerd) was a company in the law of Italy.
It was stated that the cost of the project is to be carried out in the event of the payment of the Al-a-aar contract contract and the oil price contract.
The revised guidelines for the core paper could be allowed to include the following elements: information on the role of human rights institutions in the field of human rights in the field of human rights, as well as a note on the challenges faced by information collection and information.
(a) In the context of environmental assessment, monitoring and reporting, the Global Environment Outlook for the Pacific, Pacific and the Pacific of the Pacific, the Pacific and the Indian Ocean, in the context of the environmental assessment, monitoring and reporting, has been prepared at the international conference.
The meeting was called to order at 3.15 p.m.
France: Paris Court of Appeal
I would like to join my delegation for a good summary of my country's readiness, and to inform the Council and the Council that the theme of protection of civilians in armed conflict may be the core of the credibility of the United Nations, as they expect the United Nations to protect the people of the United Nations.
Security and safety of humanitarian personnel and protection of United Nations personnel
The Office should also enhance the advisory services of the Office of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Standards on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, and should be provided in accordance with the information collected.
It is increasingly recognized that the impact of these countries is a result of the lack of domestic capacity, democratic political institutions and weak public administration.
The Council recognizes that there can be a need for the search for efforts to carry out its efforts in the fight against drug activities in Afghanistan and in the broader development and development programme of the country.
Working Group on the Working Group
In view of the urgency of the communication, the Committee requests that the State party should not be executed without delay during the consideration of the case.
For the text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7A.
Mr. Al-Bafov (Bulgaria) (spoke in French): Mr. President, Mr. President, I wish to take the floor to the current report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission in Support of East Timor (UNMISET) (S/2003/243) and I thank Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, for introducing the report, and I thank him for introducing the report on the situation in Timor-Leste.
The international community could continue to be seen as a example of the success of the collective collective will of the international community.
The representative of non-governmental organizations also referred to the content of the concluding comments and noted that the comments contained in the concluding observations had been required in the light of the rights of minorities and some Governments, in accordance with human rights treaties, in accordance with human rights treaties.
The mission is intended to develop the protection and expansion of the rights of minorities and to promote awareness of this issue.
I do not know that she did not want to say what we have just spoken.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 45/6 of 16 October 1990, the observer of the International Committee of the Red Cross made a statement.
The request of the requesting State Party to take legal assistance to the ongoing investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings may be suspended.
(c) The phenomenon of poverty.
The most recent number of Nigeria children are not fully deprived of health services, balanced food and water, and the incidence of disease, respiratory diseases, diarrhoea and tuberculosis, as well as tuberculosis and tuberculosis, have remained high.
(i) Welcoming all relevant stakeholders to consider the establishment of international debt solutions mechanisms in appropriate forums, to encourage equitable assessments and minimize ethical risks, and to consider that the mechanism should not be excluded from emergency financing, taking into consideration the need for debt and creditors to be able to secure their debt structures in a timely, efficient and efficient manner;
Only finally, the Palestinian economy will be revitalized and improving living conditions.
The United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) has recently participated in the recent mission assessment mission in Liberia, with the deployment of the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNUB).
A outcome of the meeting was the framework and modalities for recording and legislative framework.
Most of these causes have been opposed to the right to end social and economic inequalities to end economic and economic inequalities.
No one can be given to the law of the law, regardless of whether they are wrong, or whether the individual's responsibility is.
The question of revitalization has been translated into two groups: strengthening the role and authority of the General Assembly and improving working methods.
We believe that, in view of the numerous observations of the General Assembly, special attention should be given to strengthening the importance of the President of the General Assembly, such as strengthening the importance of the presidency of the President of the General Assembly and to improve consultations between the President of the General Assembly and regional groups and organizations, as well as streamlining the working methods of the General Assembly.
Prohibition of new weapons of mass destruction and new weapons of mass destruction
It is further important for the unity and integrity of the country to further lead to the social foundations and weaken the central authority.
We are very pleased to see the important progress made in the peace process in the past few months.
The ongoing role of institutions and processes have been mutually reinforcing, with the most effective effectiveness of follow-up implementation.
However, there has been progress in that regard.
New Zealand welcomed the efforts to integrate the peace process into the process of the peace process.
These are fundamental elements of any success and reconciliation programme.
This would require the need to improve the effectiveness of domestic institutional efficiency and the effectiveness of the performance, financial and monetary measures and effective use of macroeconomic policies in the context of price stability and growth.
The present report also contains the updated list of individuals and groups associated with the organization of the “base” organization, which would be included in the list of documents in the Committee.
There is therefore a need to achieve cross-sectoral collaboration, and it has lost the economic potential of assessed operational costs and outreach costs.
These measures are designed to support the coherence and overall nature of its programme of work within the implementation phase of the team.
Endorses the following agreed conclusions of the Commission on Social Development on the theme of its priority theme:
“Welcoming the work done by the Government, experts and non-governmental organizations in support of the work of the Ad Hoc Committee, including Africa, the Americas, Asia and Europe, and the regional initiatives presented by the Ad Hoc Committee at the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee,
(14) It is clear that the State may only be represented as a matter of international responsibility for a member of a member of the State concerned.
A unilateral statement of the State or an international organization to initiate or signing a bilateral treaty, which is a party to the Treaty's entry into force, is intended to bring the provisions of the treaty, as it expresses its final consent to the provisions of the treaty, which does not constitute the reservation referred to in the Guide to Practice.
Convinced that a non-discriminatory, non-discriminatory and verifiable multilateral treaty on the production of fissile material used by nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices would contribute to nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation,
Advisory Committee of the Director-General of the Advisory Committee on Business Services
Vienna Centre of International Environment
In order to focus on the core capacity, the cartography Section has changed the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
A/57/759-S/2003/332, annex I.
Multi-mail: 36 kilometres
The Unit produced the design of programme kits and a complete programme on local and international broadcasting, and reports and records.
“The employer must be familiar with all threats to the work of the family working in the workplace of their life and health, and is familiar with the rights and obligations relating to the labour and working conditions of the labour and working conditions (arts. 44, para.
We have no reason to say that, as the Secretary-General's recent report (S/CN.12/1299) referred to the recruitment and/or use of child soldiers, it is proud that Sierra Leone is proud.
We believe that it is a first opportunity for us to review the progress achieved and to determine further action.
It should be noted that more measures should be taken to protect children from war.
In the past three years, the Israeli enemy of the Israeli enemy killed the loss and loss of casualties caused by the Palestinian people.
Vienna, 26-28 August 2003
The audit indicated that a number of key areas of the improvement of the environmental environment are the following:
The informal working group considered that the mandatory and alternative issues of this provision should be decided at the plenary meeting.
Management management,
Comments of UNDP
We also welcome the progress made by the three institutions established under the Convention: the International Seabed Authority, the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf.
The website contains all advocacy and information information and their original content, reporting and online broadcasts.
Secondly, it is necessary to ensure that the flexibility of action should be ensured owing to the broad diversity of the situation.
During the second period, in 2004, the Government called for the integration of youth youth networks in the United Nations Secretariat, the World Bank and other relevant agencies, in cooperation with the United Nations Secretariat, the World Bank and other relevant agencies, and a global analysis and evaluation of the progress made in the work of the national review and action plan.
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the sub-item entitled “Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States”.
All Parties have already implemented or produced such activities (Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, European Community, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States).
Many Parties felt that one of the priorities was to monitor implementation and implementation of policies and measures, as well as results.
General Assembly
In the context of the priorities identified by the affected countries in the area of regional action in the regions of Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the European Commission on a number of topics and meetings in Europe, such seminars and conferences were provided to discuss agricultural forestry, grazing, arid water resources, benchmarks and indicators as well as desertification monitoring.
* The submission of the present document is to provide information on the performance of the Trust Fund for the Parties of the Convention to the COP.
A number of countries have benefited from these results: they are now more well-being; their financial benchmarks can be more well-established; they are able to identify the number or extent of the number of qualified personnel in the country's national economy, which are required for the use of qualified personnel to the Internet.
At the same time, the EU's programme-sharing e-mail can also provide additional impetus and its special objective is the development of the human rights system, including statistics.
C. Claims of claims
In its resolution 57/117 of 11 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
The action plan for the Office of the Office for Outer Space Affairs is to support the support and collaboration of the action teams.
I will make every effort to do so.
In the course of care, support and treatment, my Government has been working with partners with development partners to finalize the second health sector strategic plan and the HIV/AIDS strategy in Tanzania.
Report of the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme
The objective is to strengthen the capacity of UNFPA country offices and establish a more effective and more effective field.
This is a means of expanding the funding of UNHCR's donor base and the lack of funding shortfalls.
Decides also to approve $9.9 million in the actual vacancy rate for 2002 and to consider the actual vacancy rate in 2003 in the context of the second performance report for the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
oppression, cruel and violence as a means for dispute settlement,
Report of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
With regard to the annual report of the Institute of Research of the Space Research Institute of France (France/CPA) in 2001, the Committee recommended that contractors be submitted to the contractor in accordance with paragraph 10 (c) of the standard provisions.
To ensure compliance with the NPT
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Dominican Republic, the Libyan Arab Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Libyan Arab Republic, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Mauritania, Uganda, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Venezuela, Uganda, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela, Venezuela
Agenda item 113 (continued)
The Chairman of the Board replied that the Board did not criticize the policy or decision of the Government, but only referred to the fact that the decision of cannabis re-à-vis cannabis is not only affected by the country but also also affected by other parts of the world.
This evaluation summarizes the situation of UNMOVIC, including the historical and technological details, testing programmes, the destruction of missile systems under UNMOVIC control and the overall picture of key locations covered by the programme.
In April 1991 and May 1991, Iraq did not have any biological facilities, materials or activities in accordance with the provisions of Security Council resolution 687 (1991).
The Committee recommends that the General Assembly encourage Member States to consider the payment of payment plans by Member States.
Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields (resolutions 57/270 B of 20 December 2002) and 57/270 B of 23 June 2003).
- Establish a informal forum to exchange experiences and share informal debates, which can be held at the time of the First Committee meeting;
Legislative rights
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation of international peace and security, and stresses that the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Chemical Weapons, through the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, will further contribute to the realization of this goal through a comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the Convention;
As of 20 February 2003, the total amount of expenditure for the total amount of expenditure, including temporary temporary assistance, in the amount of expenditure and advance payments, including temporary temporary assistance, amounted to $1,713,000 gross ($82 per cent).
In addition, ITC is able to achieve the objectives of the investment services in 2004 and maintain this level during the past few years.
In addition to positive developments, in particular in paragraphs 19 to 17 of the present report, the Committee also emphasized the current issue of current issues and suggested recommendations.
The report has been prepared by a scientific team.
For example, the proportion of women in the social councils is 35.23 per cent, and the proportion of the European Union's Christian Union (GPA) is 18.7 per cent in the Christian Union/ Christian Social Union, and the proportion of the people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is 20.9 per cent, compared to 20.3 per cent in democratic socialist forces.
I would also like to congratulate Ambassador Emyr Jones Parry for his very strong, innovative leadership.
In 1993, the Commonwealth of the Commonwealth of Cyprus, the Commonwealth of Cyprus, and a paper.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate you and Pakistan, Ambassador Akram and Pakistan, for the very well-known work of the Security Council for this month.
In recent months, the removal of travel restrictions between the North and the south of the island is encouraging, but it could not be a substitute for a comprehensive settlement of the core issues.
The United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination is finalizing a inter-agency mechanism for the follow-up to the global and sustainable development of freshwater, sanitation, energy, oceans and coastal areas, sustainable consumption and consumption.
The Department of Public Information of the Department of Public Information continued to provide valuable technical assistance to assist Eritrea and Ethiopia and Ethiopia, after successful demarcation of the border between Eritrea and Ethiopia, to assist Eritrea and Ethiopia in the preparation of international boundaries between two countries.
Culture of peace
As a result, WHO's presence in Timor-Leste has faced considerable difficulties to secure local transport in local transport, as well as the establishment of a secondary shelter, even with the World Health Organization.
However, I know that their simulations would be accurately reflected in our work.
Decision on the twenty-third instalment of 434 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.192).
Of these, 600,000 people were the PF — containing the mines.
(o) Participants recognized women's active role in the Pacific and to ensure that the issues of environment and development would continue to be sustained in order to ensure that their families and communities continue to maintain their health and well-being.
International claim: 1995-011
The topic of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Standards and United Nations standards in crime prevention and criminal justice have been subject to the agenda of the Committee and the report of the Secretary-General on standards and norms for the consideration of the Committee.
In the past few years, the budget allocations for the criminal justice system increased many times.
However, in many countries, the fact that there is a fact that technical cooperation is not sufficient.
Discussion
The right to be sent to the State concerned in the context of the State party's acceptance of the Covenant.
What can it be able to play a practical role in the case of the Commission even if it does not say?
Finally, I would like to stress the tireless efforts made by Ambassador Jeremy Greenstock as Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee to work tirelessly and to promote the efforts of international counter-terrorism efforts, which has made significant results in his leadership, which has been commended by the wider membership.
The Committee decided to convene a open-ended working group on the draft rules of procedure of the General Assembly (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and requested the Working Group to make every effort to bridge and reduce the differences between the three proposals of the Commission and to report on its discussions.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the list of national lists for the apportionment of peacekeeping operations for peacekeeping operations for the period 2006 to 2006,
Measures to eliminate international terrorism
In the area of the family, the cultural and social values of the dominant status of the population are to protect the protection of women from other countries, which focuses on tolerance and tolerance.
The development strategy for human resources in the context of globalization must be the opportunity for all, especially women and girls.
See paragraph 10 of the report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
I am confident that, in the past few weeks, Sergio Vieira de Mello has been able to do so in Baghdad and his visit to this region.
The Council should be encouraged by the international community, in particular the Council, to encourage and support.
“Noting with concern the progress made by persons with disabilities as a gender perspective, in its situation, monitoring and evaluation,
The Office of Internal Oversight Services, in reviewing the activities for the period from 1 January 2000 to 30 June 2001, was clearly evident.
This appeal has been issued.
Promoting family access and access to new technologies.
She reminded that we must not have a negative effect, and we must be able to determine that it is responsible for that purpose and to end impunity.
There is also a broad approach to different stakeholders and expectations.
The loan should be reimbursed from the rate of $1 million per year since 1990.
All expenditure of the premises are offset by income of income, other organizations and UNIDO contributions in Vienna.
Draft report of the Commission on International Law on the work of its fifty-fifth session
It was also noted that reasonable criteria should not be taken to consider the criteria for the identification and identification of the evidence of a causal link.
It was therefore recommended that the draft convention should not be included in the Convention, as part of the Convention, and another part of the general principle of liability for liability.
• Review and analysis of international instruments and relevant standards related to indigenous peoples, especially indigenous women, in particular the legal instruments and standards of their housing.
In addition, the Government of Belize provided detailed information on the implementation of the resolution and referred to the National Institute for the establishment of a National Institute for Culture and History in 2001, which provides legal framework for the promotion and promotion of domestic cultural diversity.
E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.43
Commission on the Status of Women
Information received from the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, UNODC (UN-Habitat), United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Development Fund for Women, the United Nations Population Fund for Women, the United Nations Population Fund for Women, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Population Fund for Refugees, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
We are meeting, because the hope of a peaceful settlement of Iraq is the hope.
The primary purpose of the delegation is to send a signal to the Afghan people, demonstrating that Afghanistan remains a high-level position in the agenda of the Security Council, and the international community continued to support the peace process in Afghanistan.
Over the past month, the most recent fighting in the peace process since the Bonn peace process in Bonn, Indonesia.
Opening of the high-level segment
Welcomes the recommendations made by the Friends of the Comoros in Paris on 29 October 2003 in Paris and the Commission on the Indian Ocean, held in Paris on 30 October 2003;
Evaluation activities
The Government of Greece stated that, in accordance with the report of the State authorities of Greece, no no any kind of office was reported.
(Agenda item 4)
The present report summarizes the United Nations principles and the contribution of the family and family organizations to achieve the United Nations principles and the aspirations of the United Nations and its subsidiary bodies, including the participation of the Geneva Commission on Human Rights at the Geneva Commission on Human Rights, as well as the status of members of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and the Committee on Economic and Social Rights, in particular with regard to the human rights and social council of the United Nations, and to participate in the international conferences and meetings of UNESCO, in particular with regard to the status of human rights and fundamental freedoms, in particular with regard to human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Those countries must be aware of the recognition that terrorists are not able to do so.
As a result of the importance of family and prevention of its capacity to protect and prevent their capacities, the State has established a total of 12 countries in many parts of the country to promote women's employment and to provide training for women in the production of labour, thereby providing the authorities to benefit from the status of women's career and equitable employment.
This right is included in article 15 of the Constitution: “The State shall focus on public health and to combat disease and epidemics”.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Alain Prendergast, Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
The Constitution has provided the right to equality, as well as the number of women candidates in the State, the Senate, the central government and local governments, but the number of women in the National Assembly, the Senate, the Central Government and local governments, and the number of women in the diplomatic and international organizations are also very high.
or:
On the basis of the press and tourism offices of José Martin, the United Nations International Centre of Justice and Tourism, the use of official delegations and public personnel would help to meet the interest of participants at the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties.
• Islamic Bank
In addition, recommendations relating to the effectiveness of the Office of the regional offices should also be considered in the functions of those offices.
(c) A model of import authorization issued by the National Security Council in annex 3;
Investment and enterprise development
External funding from the Central Government is a total of 17 per cent of gross national product, and the net domestic bank funding of the financial deficit is 2.8 per cent of gross domestic product.
2003 2003 Regional cooperation in the promotion and protection of human rights in Asia and the Pacific
In accordance with decision 1992/7 (E/ICEF/1994), the President of 2004 will be nominated by the Group of African States members of the Group of African States.
The Committee on Financial, Planning and Development of the Economic, Social and Cultural Development of Africa provides guidance and guidance for the work of the Committee, and the work of the secretariat of the ECA secretariat; a United Nations Forum on the work of the African Secretariat on issues of development in the United Nations agenda; and a decision on the recommendations of the subsidiary bodies and the Executive Secretary of the Committee.
As a group, young people and young people are working on HIV/AIDS and avoiding early pregnancies, and it would be necessary for UNFPA to give priority priority.
Other matters.
(b) The main organs and subsidiary bodies will provide and extend its mandate and programmes and to seek legal advice for the implementation of the necessary legal systems and programmes required for the implementation of the mandate and programme requirements, as well as legal and legal rights;
On 29 July, the Security Council held a public meeting and many delegations attended the meeting.
The text is derived from article 725, 77.
General function: national and international communications and national broadcasting
Location of the launch: French Guyana, Dau, Guyana Centre for Space Research
[Original: English]
The legal and de facto discrimination of persons with disabilities is long-term and all forms of discrimination.
In most countries, the unemployment rate of persons with disabilities is two times.
Under the principle of the principles of the United Nations Congress on the Status of Older Persons in the United Nations Educational Declaration, “The elderly should ensure that older persons should be given adequate food, water, housing, clothing and health, through income, family and social support.
Any medical or scientific experiment may be taken to those who may be lost.
This requires States to eliminate women's access to life-care services in particular, especially in family planning, pregnancy, birth, and discrimination against women during the post-natal period.
The following information are not exhaustive, but it is relevant to:
The above minimum standards are transmitted by the Commission on Human Rights in 1992 to provide for the establishment, competence, responsibilities, composition of such national institutions, including their pluralism, independence, activities and the conduct of judicial activities.
With regard to the majority of the Caribbean and Pacific small island Territories of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the Rio Group believes that measures must be taken to promote sustainable and balanced economic growth, and ensure that their decolonization processes are successfully completed in accordance with their aspirations.
Encourages States affected by illicit drug control to continue to strengthen and strengthen cross-border cooperation between law enforcement initiatives and transit countries at all levels, with a view to promoting coordinated drug control activities and to harmonize a coherent response to drug trafficking;
Stressing the need to coordinate its legislation in order to ensure proper coordination of the policy of prevention, monitoring, control and combating money-laundering and the financing of terrorism,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels could not ensure that they have access to technology.
At its 15th meeting, on 22 May, the Commission recommended that the Economic and Social Council approve a draft resolution entitled “Strengthening international cooperation for prevention of human trafficking and the protection of human trafficking and the protection of such trafficking”, and the draft resolution adopted by the Economic and Social Council for the adoption of a draft resolution entitled “Strengthening international cooperation in preventing and combating trafficking in persons and the protection of such trafficking”, Nigeria, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Portugal, Turkey, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, United States of America, Venezuela (E/CN.15/2003/L.14/Rev.1).
A long-term strategy for the work of UNEP and young children in 2003 2003-2008 (see document UNEP/GC.22/3/Add.1/Rev.1).
Mr. Al-Hernin (Switzerland) (spoke in French): The Secretary-General's report briefly described the complex realities of the provision of international humanitarian efforts.
(c) The need for the contingency fund to continue to pay the amount of cash and activities for their respective payments, and that the net amount of the total amount for the amount of payment, which is not exceeding 20 million, shall be followed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
As shown in table I, UNOPS's project delivery has been maintained at the beginning of the current nine months, in the case of the current year, which is due to clear efforts by staff targets, as well as the detailed planning methodology adopted earlier earlier.
Takes note of the use of the United Nations System on the Use of Women from 18 Member States from 18 Member States;
Young people usually leave the Territory after 15 years (usually at the secondary level) to work in New Zealand.
His Excellency Mr. Wang Guangya
It was so decided.
Thus, as a matter of responsibility, the need for the General Assembly to take a more direct contact with the General Assembly is not only the only.
In addition, other types of topics, including the role of the State's responsibility on national responsibility, the role of non-State actors and the role of the United Nations Monitoring Team in West Africa in the area of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Sierra Leone; the establishment of a comprehensive protection system for internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons; the establishment of a comprehensive protection system for internally displaced persons and the establishment of the human rights mechanisms for internally displaced persons; the review of the principles of the Guiding Principles; and the preparation of the courses for all universities and courses.
Therefore, I have met with all the parties that constitute our own forces.
In 2001, the Ministry of Management and Labour of the Ministry of Internal Oversight and Labour has conducted a voluntary basis to prevent sexual harassment.
In 2001, the National Police of the National Police of the National Police, as well as the establishment of the National Police Office of the National Police of the National Police and the National Police of the National Police, has expanded and reorganized the Ministry of Women and Adolescents of the National Police, as well as the establishment of the Ministry of Women and Adolescents, as a specialized group on violence against women.
In the light of the withdrawal of ammunition, a laboratory test shall be tested in the light of the completion of the road life, and a test of each five years.
Subsequently, in the end of 2003, a comprehensive text for Governments, international organizations and experts should be made to Governments, international organizations and experts in order to finalize and adopt the draft resolution at its thirty-seventh session in 2004.
The standard of double standards is the use of a major example of the media as a source of terrorism and violence as a source of terrorism and violence, which is an example of interreligious and non-proliferation.
(i) To develop an essential human and technical resources for the improvement of public information and communication systems in developing countries, and support the continued implementation and strengthening of interns, such as training programmes in the developing world, in private and public sectors;
Mr. President, Mr. President, I would like to apologize on the occasion that this morning will be too long, and that we are aware of this agenda's agenda.
In accordance with the provisions of the GATS's “obligation clause” in developing countries, non-discrimination in developing countries should be based on non-selectivity, non-discrimination and universality, but it is now true that the concessions are based on reciprocity, but also to improve access to market markets in developing countries.
Recalling its previous resolutions, in particular resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973), 1397 (2002) and Madrid,
Decides that the amount of $30,033,400 dollars for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 included the amount of $40,033,400 dollars for the maintenance of the Force, including the maintenance of $49,921,100 for the maintenance of the Force, as well as the amount of $8,88,900 dollars for the United Nations Logistics Base;
Denmark
The Parties noted that there should be a number of issues in the IPCC and the scientific community, including the relationship between adaptation measures and sustainable development.
The United States proposes the SBSTA to consider effective action on the issue of climate variability in the context of the work and measures of policies and measures.
With regard to the issue of women's rights, Bangladesh was aware that the path of the path was too long, but it has already been put forward.
The proportion of men and women cannot not be increased, since Greece only only one of 1 per cent of women, and that the figure has been reduced.
Article 35 (1) of the Statute provides that the Chamber of Disputes of the seabed shall be composed of two judges composed of the judges of the Tribunal.
The General Assembly,
The initiative should be implemented on the basis of the initiative on the restructuring of low-income countries and low-income countries, in addition to non-HIPC countries.
The Government is now developing security corridors to facilitate exchanges between Côte d'Ivoire and neighbouring countries.
International Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, 1971
In accordance with this visit, the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy will put to the Security Council the views of the Security Council on the question of the conflict.
I now give the floor to the members of the Council who wish to speak in explanation of vote.
The costs are paid by contractors.
However, despite consultations on the issue, however, it has now been possible to move from the hope that individuals or components of the entire region will begin, and they can begin to destroy weapons.
This is crucial for the National Government and Papua New Guinea.
At the same time, there is a need for new tools and innovative cooperation programmes to promote the agreed development goals agreed upon.
• There is a number of activities in the United Nations or its agencies.
At the same time, it was expressed that it was necessary to comply with current workload standards.
The performance measurement of the performance measure has been a clear indicator of clearly defined activities and measuring progress.
In indicator of achievement (a), the words “organized by ECA” was replaced by the Economic Commission for Africa.
This issue is fundamental and fundamental.
In addition to education and development in the developed, the number of children working in the developed and the child can also have women to integrate occupational activities and training and to perform family obligations.
In accordance with the Millennium Development Goals and Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development, UNIDO developed a comprehensive and sectoral production strategy aimed at promoting productivity and competitiveness through cleaner production methods and development and transfer of environmentally sound technologies.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee or other States may contact with them to obtain information or assistance to the relevant matters arising from resolution 1373 (2001).
Investigations
• Travel: 394 euros
Similar high-level interaction must also be held with foreign institutions.
• Establishment of an appropriate computer library management system, including inventory modules, retrieval modules, series modules, accounts modules, software modules and potential communities
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that, owing to the training of the Mission's mobility, the number of vehicles, including the removal of automatic licences, had been relatively low in the number of the vehicles of UNIFIL.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;1
Existing nuclear-weapon-free zones are consistent with the interests of the countries of the region, with the aim of coordinating the national policy of nuclear weapons States and to coordinate closely with the United Nations General Assembly, the Disarmament Forum, the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization.
The equitable representation and participatory principles of those institutions and processes are essential elements of modern democracy.
This is not a source of new resources.
The inspection of the inspection is more than 15 minutes, and the group then returned to the Al-Hamil Al-Hinawa.
Conclusions and recommendations
Indigenous and transnational corporations should respect their citizens, culture, economic, social and social rights and promote the realization of these rights, especially the right to development, adequate food and drinking water, the right to adequate and mental health, the right to adequate housing, the right to health, the right to education, freedom of thought, conscience and religion and freedom of opinion and expression, and to prevent acts of violence against those rights.
The delegation of Kuwait expressed the view that all of the activities of the Department of Public Information should be used in the six official languages of the United Nations.
For the text as adopted, see document FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1, decision 15/CP.8.
The financial right has been delegated to the Department of Internal Oversight Services to the Ministry of Internal Affairs, with a view to ensuring that the former Tribunal is responsible for ensuring that the former Tribunal fulfilled its obligations in the area of financial management, particularly in the accounts of the accounts”.
(b) In addition, as at 31 December 2002, the provision of loans for refugees for refugees or the provision of loans provided by refugees remained to be returned to UNHCR.
The Committee will hold expert meetings in Algiers on 31 March 2003 and plans to adopt its plans of action.
Moreover, in accordance with the provisions of the Human Rights Committee, this right should not be defined by the right of States to “positive measures” including “the reduction of infant mortality and the improvement of the average life”.
In the area of trafficking, the new law on the entry into force entered into force on 1 July 2002 provides that they are guilty of trafficking.
The previous report of the visit is contained in document E/CN.4/2003/99/Add.2.
Many experts emphasized the importance of the negotiations and discussions on the environment and services of goods and services in developing countries, in particular in the areas of agriculture and services, in particular in the context of the development of the environment and other negotiations of the WTO, in particular in the areas of agriculture and market access; and the linkages between the objectives and means of the multilateral environmental agreements, in particular in the areas of agriculture and market markets; and the relationship between the objectives and means of the multilateral environmental agreements; standards of the standards and means of the multilateral environmental agreements; standards are a barrier to a global and transport market market; and the availability of capacity-building and policy coordination at the national and international levels.
Further encourages Member States, in accordance with article 9, paragraph 5, of the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, to take measures, including public awareness, to combat the demand for such participation in sexual exploitation;
The CRF should be reported in table II of the guidelines set out in annex II to the Guide, ensuring that all information are included in paragraph 47 above.
With regard to any change, there is no need for re-engineering to complete the final CRF, but it should be referred to in the submission of the initial report.
In 2002, a monthly allowance of $252 euros was paid for the period of five months.
Similarly, the obligation to avoid the loss of reparation for transboundary destruction, in particular in the area of industrial activity, is the obligation of the State to avoid the excessive conduct of the property of the assets of neighbouring destruction, as well as the special rules of damage for the loss of damage to the environment, as well as a special rule of the civilian liability of the security of the environment, or the general rules of the civil liability, which may be waived by the loss of evidence and strict liability.
Official communiqué of the 4884th meeting (closed)
These losses include the loss, vehicles and stock, loss of profits, loss of profits and/or/or costs, as well as the claim of the individual's claim in the “E4” claimant's claim.
Claimant's name: Universal
UNSEQ number: E-257.
In accordance with the recommendations of the President, it was agreed that the document will be prepared by the next year to provide a document on global programmes.
He supported the review of the globalization process and its activities on the impact of States.
Local capacity-building and training in sustainable urban urbanization: public-private partnerships
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs (Department of Economic and Social Affairs) has made a more explicit focus on governance and public administration, and encourages the exchange of information on successful practices, so as to bring attention to issues of governance and public administration.
Draft guideline 51: Changes in the conditions of health of different groups
It is extremely important to strengthen efforts to ensure that the protection and reintegration of this agenda is mainstreamed in the areas and mechanisms of the United Nations and within the United Nations.
The Commission on Human Rights, in a number of years, considered the human rights questions related to biotechnology, which recalled the benefits of the right of everyone to social progress and to draw attention to the importance of a number of human genome groups and their importance for improving individuals and human health.
[on the report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/57)]
Forest, health and ecosystem support are essential for the survival of humankind.
Annex I
The present report is submitted to the Committee in its fourth report on the situation of women and girls in Afghanistan.
The charitable and cultural associations and organizations of the Syrian Arab Republic are required to comply with the provisions of article 93 of the Act of the International Association of Associations and Organizations, and the provisions of article 1330 of Act No. 13 of 1958.
UNCTAD should also continue to focus on analytical analysis and capacity-building activities and to work on commodities in the following areas:
(Agenda item 1)
The following items are:
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirty-first Session, Paris, 15 October-3 November 2001, vol. I, Resolutions, Resolutions, resolution 255, annex I.
The private sector has participated in the regional conferences and the process.
Emphasizes that no peacekeeping mission shall be financed by borrowing funds from other peacekeeping missions;
The requirements for subsistence allowance requirements are based on phased deployment officers, as compared to 10 per cent for the period from 1 September 2003 to 30 June 2004.
International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994
Calls upon the administering Powers to ensure that any discriminatory conditions and conditions of any discriminatory and employment situation in the territory of the Territories are not in place in each Territory and to promote free wages for all inhabitants;
If the wife's family decision to leave the family's home, they are also obliged to find a new shelter.
The leader of the leaders rejected the HW and some observers, which had further increased the request of 100 civil society representatives.
As a first step for the first time, it would be justified that the funds or assets are used or likely to be used for crime.
The impact of water pollution caused by water pollution is widespread.
Competition competition policies should also be implemented at the time of the policy of foreign direct investment.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee wishes to receive a progress report on the basis that the above provisions are incorporated into the domestic law of Slovenia.
For its consideration of the item, the Council had before it the following documents:
Even in the scope of the existing system, the provision of funding mechanisms is also useful, and further measures should also be taken to address the issue of access to alternative and alternative uses.
UNAIDS provides technical and policy advice and support to the Global Fund to provide significant technical support to the country process.
In other words, efforts must be made to rebuild the environment in order to achieve social functioning for peace.
It is important to examine all national policies, measures and institutions aimed at achieving equality and elimination of all forms of discrimination.
In accordance with article 3 of the Constitution, the citizenship of the Gambia has acquired birth or blood.
The Forum requested a conference of international financial institutions to consider the issue of policy, procedures and relationships related to indigenous peoples concerned, and requests the development of a report on the policy, procedures and relationships of indigenous peoples, and requested the development of the report of the Forum at its third session.
The suspect should be brief, but it would not be possible to review the previous financial transactions if the debtor would delay in order to bring a thorough arrangement in order to make a thorough arrangement.
Having examined the grave situation in the region from the United States of America,
The National Coordination Coordinating Council has been able to report to the Ministry of Environment, based on the institutional approach of the implementation of the NAPs, which is not always possible, but it is likely not always to participate in coordination between the different public and private institutions in the control of desertification.
At the end of this period, the Committee also used the Government of the United States of America to the high-level air aircraft (EU) in the light of the high-term air aircraft of the Commission, and by the Government of France and the Government of the United States (at 44).
Ms. Hans Blix has ended 30 June 2003 by the President of UNMOVIC.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has strengthened the channels of cooperation between the Central Bank and the National Institute of Tourism, with a view to eliminating the gap between the two countries on the number of visitors in non-resident countries.
Owing to security constraints, the United Nations international capacity in Iraq will continue to be limited, at least in the short term.
Some developed countries have adopted such measures in many developing countries.
These amendments are intended to achieve the norms of the European Convention on Combating Money-laundering, specifically in accordance with the Council's Directive No. 91/08/EEC of the Council on the Prevention of the Financial System of Money-Laundering and the Council's Directive No. 2001/97/EC of the European Parliament, as well as the amendment of the Council on 4 December 2001 on Directive 9018/EEC.
(Millions of United States dollars)
Regional Institute
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this question.
In accordance with the resolution, the High Commissioner wrote to the Secretary-General of UNCTAD and the Director-General of the WTO, on 7 June 2002, as a first step in the process of cooperation.
However, this distinction has become blur, since international cooperation for development is becoming a process of procedure.
Tenth session of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Cambodia 26 - 7 5
At its resumed substantive session, held on 31 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber, the Economic and Social Council took up the following outstanding matters before the resumed substantive session of the substantive session of 2003:
Lajnat al Al-Hazawaya, the United States, referred to $105,000 after the request of the United States on 9 January 2003 (Islamic Committee) on 9 January 2003.
I told him that our responsibility is to bring all our forces to justice to justice.
Annex
(e) Whether creditors consider and voting the plan;
The programme of work of the programme of work will be carried out through mobilizing mobility networks through the mobilization of staff members at Headquarters and field offices.
Report of the Secretary-General
While it should be recognized that the parties are currently working with international and national mechanisms to promote the safety of chemical safety, it also noted that the need for chemicals management and security to sustainable development processes can be addressed in order to enable effective solutions to their impact.
Annan
Annex VII
He noted that in the country country, the Special Rapporteur should allow the Special Rapporteur to receive all those who had met with him and allow them to inspect their liberty.
Reaffirming the obligation of all Member States of the United Nations to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms and to fulfil their obligations under the international instruments in this area,
However, I would like to thank him, as we have just suggested, to provide some preliminary cases today.
Regulation 2.14 The proposed programme budget for the International Court of Justice shall be prepared by the Court in consultation with the Secretary-General.
Abstaining:
This means that students can be used through interactive procedures and to use multiple media, providing more knowledge for their full training.
The resolution adopted by the League of Arab States has played a major role in the recognition of the Arab Arab and international coalition law in 1991.
Table 3 Summary of expenditures by object of expenditure and major determinants of expenditure (Thousands of United States dollars)
The design of work is expected to commence in early 2004.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
This year marks the second year of this series of workshops, which has been organized by the Working Group on Information and Communication Technologies and Information of Information, and the active participation and sponsorship of companies.
UNFPA is also concerned about emerging humanitarian needs, transitional needs and development needs.
For example, the Fund supported the elimination of female genital mutilation and the results of 14 countries had developed relevant policy and adoption laws.
Trade facilitation and logistics: significant progress has been made in the preparation of the first project for the field of customs data automation systems in the field.
(a) The concept and definition database of the European Bureau.
Announcements
The Committee recalled its views in paragraph 6 of its report of 26 February 2003 (E/CN.7/2003/16), highlighting the need for full transparency in such arrangements as the private sector, thereby enabling stakeholders to provide the allocation and use of such funds.
Human rights and bioethics
25 April 2003
Attendance
The report of the Secretariat describes the gravity of the suffering of the Palestinian people and the economic deterioration of the Palestinian people, namely the Palestinian economy now become a war-torn economy.
The social security right for unemployment is guaranteed in accordance with Act No. 7/200/2002, on unemployment insurance and employment support systems, which stipulates that article 4 defines all forms of discrimination based on political, racial, nationality, ethnic origin, language, religion, religion and age criteria.
Rule 29
Location: Bucharest, City
Annan
Armed non-State actors have received contacts with the timber industry and non-governmental organizations, and expressed interest in the resumption of logging in order to obtain income.
In the light of the foregoing analysis, the direct cost of activities relating to the implementation, methodology, list and scientific and scientific activities of the Kyoto Protocol amounted to $80,901,11.
According to the letter, the Committee may have a final decision on this matter at its fifty-ninth session, after consultations with the organizations and staff.
Proportion of economic sectors
1 Following the adjournment of the fifth meeting of the Sixth Committee.
In accordance with the current proposed draft instrument, the liability regime for maritime carriage would apply to many claims arising from the scope of the maritime transport contract, particularly in subparagraph (a) to determine the circumstances of the loss of loss, and (b) loss of the situation in the area of carriage or air, but not to apply to the Convention on International Standards of Conventional Weapons.
“E4” Group noted that the KAC had received compensation for the insurance of the insurance company, which covers certain aircraft, aircraft spare parts, aircraft and ground equipment.
The task group used innovative approaches, such as plenary meetings, informal consultations, and stakeholder discussions, and electronic contacts with the various audiences around the world, with a view to launching various working groups and regional networks.
It is essential that all Parties concerned should inform their questions, plan, progress and focus on matters, and, as far as possible, the progress achieved and continued challenges in the Standing Committee.
The Coordinator highlighted the need for additional resources to enable programme beneficiaries to review the level of assistance required to enable others to provide necessary support to others.
• The legal basis for the freezing of the assets freeze frozen by the aforementioned resolution;
In this regard, I would like to refer to the letter dated 30 January 2003 from the Israeli authorities to you in the last two universities of the Israeli authorities.
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of representatives of special rapporteurs
The Special Committee believes that peacekeeping operations should not be replaced by peacekeeping operations to address the root causes of the conflict.
Delegations wishing to inscribe their names are kindly requested to contact Ms. Lorna Roed-Larsen.
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
United Nations Human Settlements Programme
The Advisory Committee requests to provide more clear explanations for the future and provide support to the information and communications technology requirements.
She thanked the Republic of Senegal, in cooperation with the Economic and Social Council, to organize seminars and workshops to enable African States to understand the action plan and recommend similar seminars in other regional and subregional meetings of the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
The view was expressed that the international community should better assist them.
The report avoided why there is a critical issue for the current situation and how to avoid the deterioration of the past three years.
If the Palestinian people did not have opportunities to rebuild the economy in a peaceful environment, the efforts of the international community will not have the best effect.
“The importance of this decision must be emphasized as a result of the fact that it confirms the obligation of States to protect the life of the life, but also that these obligations are not limited to the violations of the State's officials as a result of the fact that it is not only or as a result of a public institution.
In the presidential statement on 25 August 2003, the elections of the elections are also a calm and calm, and the efforts of the organization to reflect the cautious attitude taken by the Rwandan authorities in the political transition.
Observer status in the General Assembly
In that regard, the senior officials of Ethiopia regretted that it would not be repeated to the Mission.
The reintegration programme is expected to end in December 2003.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur held several consultations in Geneva and OHCHR.
The breakdown of unpaid assessed contributions shows that the United States owed $136 million or 40 per cent of the total number of other assessed countries in the United States, with a total of $14.5 million or 37 per cent, and 16 per cent of the total total amount of $105 million or 23 per cent.
The question of the first part is to be discussed in a clear and transparent manner, and it is preferable that informal consultations should be considered before a formal proposal.
The Ad Hoc Committee should continue its work within the framework of the Working Group.
The international community must take firm action to respect the rule of law, international law and, in particular, human rights and humanitarian law.
Mr. Gudan (Turkey): At the time of the meeting, the Security Council convened a meeting on the last two days in the Republic of Korea, which has a serious terrorist attack in the Republic of Korea.
At its 12th meeting, the Executive Council agreed to amend the modalities for simplified benchmarks and monitoring methodologies for small-scale project activities in the CDM, as contained in appendix B to the revised modalities and procedures for the CDM-specific project project (see annex II).
Welcomes the practical activities of States and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations in the effective strengthening of the effective management practices of human rights in the country at the national level, including activities of international cooperation development cooperation, and encourages all relevant parties, including non-governmental organizations, to share their experiences in promoting good governance and human rights activities;
Noting also the establishment of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court on 1 July 2002 and the establishment of the International Criminal Court;
(ii) Staff table, the additional 12 posts for the Secretariat and the increase of five posts for the Global Mechanism, as shown in table 4 and 5.
(a) The functions of the embassies, embassies, special missions, the delegation of international organizations, or the functions of international and international organizations or international conferences;
There is also, however, a political right to the East East.
The perpetrators of the perpetrators must be responsible for those responsible for their legal sanctions.
J. Decisions of non-governmental organizations to participate in the Executive Committee of the High Commissioner and its Standing Committee
The last month of the last month, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC).
In the case of personal computers, there is a need for more favourable indicators for the use of personal computers in the light of the use of the indicators.
The indigenous representatives reiterated that the draft articles, including article 28 is fully consistent with existing international standards and jurisprudence.
(5) The permanent members shall be committed to non-determination in accordance with matters under Chapter VII of the Charter.
(3) After the words “to insert” insert the words “out”.
Recognizing also that many Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, are urgently required to provide economic, social and other assistance to the United Nations and the United Nations system organizations,
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 75, No. 973.
These goals, priorities and strategies are consistent with the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, the goals and plans of action of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, and the other mandate of UNDCP.
The Institute has recently issued a book on post-conflict reconstruction in Japan, the Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, Cambodia, Timor-Leste and Afghanistan.
The Advisory Committee's extensive comments on matters (see A/57/772, paras.
(f) Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
There being no objection, it is so decided.
The Government of the two countries are working on ways to address the remaining refugee problems, which is crucial to the normalization of the border.
The key sector deserves and calls for sustained support for the international community, training and human resources.
The United Kingdom is working closely with Australia to develop potential projects for assistance in the maintenance of security, and we hope that other countries are providing assistance in this regard.
The oil and gas revenues of these regions are our strategic value for our countries and people.
Income
Encourages MONUC, in coordination with other United Nations agencies, donors and non-governmental organizations, to assist in the transition in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in the context of the transitional transition, to support the security forces, reconstruction and elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and welcomes the efforts of Member States to support transitional and national reconciliation;
The current Special Rapporteur visited Geneva from 2 to 5 November 2003 with a view to a number of substantive and administrative issues, which had been held by the European Union on the basis of a number of issues related to the adoption of the European Union Commission on the Rights of the Sea, with a view to which the Union had adopted a case on various non-governmental organizations, including the International Committee of Jurists, Amnesty International, International Federation of Human Rights and international human rights services.
“The first year marks the twentieth anniversary of the first session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament issues, as well as the annual annual session of the Conference on Disarmament.
In particular, all documents should be submitted to the secretariat, and should be avoided.
Any such engines for such a missile system is also subject to the subject.
However, interviews were received from interviews.
For us, the welfare and welfare of the Iraqi people is our main concern.
Another reason for the privatization of water is often through the acquisition of concessions, which could contribute to the low investment of private services (or lack of adequate investment).
He reiterated the importance of the Group's joint programme of technical assistance, since the programme provided an example indicating how three institutions were able to cooperate effectively with their expertise and their strengths.
Nevertheless, Cuba has continued assistance from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and the Office of the United Nations Office at Geneva, Central America and the Caribbean in Mexico, as a State party of ICAO.
Several participants emphasized that the New Partnership for Africa's Development is a example of innovative domestic and regional policy initiatives with strong international support.
